    Ms. Darcy. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Gibbs and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to present the President's budget for the Civil Works Program on the Army Corps of Engineers for fiscal year 2016. This year's civil works budget reflects the administration's priorities through targeted investments in the Nation's water resources infrastructure, including dams and levees, navigation, and the restoration of ecosystems. It supports a civil works program that relies on a foundation of strong relationships between the Corps and our local communities, which allows us to work together to meet their water resources needs.    The budget also helps us in our efforts to promote the resilience of communities to respond to the impacts of climate change. We are investing in research, planning, vulnerability assessments, pilot projects, and evaluations of the value and performance of nonstructural and natural measures. The budget helps us to maintain and improve our efforts on sustainability. For example, we are reducing the Corps' carbon footprint by increasing renewable electricity consumption, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and reducing nontactical vehicle petroleum consumption. We are also advancing our sustainability efforts by using innovative financing techniques such as energy savings performance contracts.    We are making important investments to promote the sustainable management of the lands around Corps facilities by providing funds to update the plans that govern how we manage our facilities and to help us to combat invasive species. The budget also focuses on maintaining the water resource's infrastructure that the Corps owns and manages, and on finding innovative ways to rehabilitate it, hand it over to others, or retire it.    Here are some of our funding highlights for 2016. The budget provides $4.7 billion in gross discretionary appropriations for the Army Civil Works Program, focusing on investments that will yield high economic and environmental returns, or address the significant risk to public safety. The budget focuses funding on our three major mission areas, allocating 41 percent to commercial navigation, 27 percent to flood and storm damage reduction projects, and 9 percent to aquatic ecosystem restoration.    Other investments include allocating 5 percent of the budget to hydropower, 2 percent to the cleanup of sites contaminated during the Nation's early years of the nuclear weapons program, and 4 percent for our regulatory activities. Overall, the budget funds 57 construction projects, 9 of them to completion. It also funds 54 feasibility studies, 13 of those to completion. The budget also includes four new construction starts, two of which the Corps will complete in 1 year.    The budget funds inland waterways capital investments at $974 million of which $53 million will be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund. The budget provides $915 million from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to maintain coastal channels and related work matching the highest amount ever budgeted. Forty-four million dollars is provided for a comprehensive levee safety initiative that will help us ensure that all Federal levees are safe and in line with the Federal Emergency Management Agency standards.    This initiative will provide non-Federal entities with access to levee data that will inform them on safety issues for their levees. The budget supports a Corps program that has a diverse set of tools and approaches to working with local communities, whether this means funding projects with our cost-sharing partners or providing planning assistance and technical expertise to help communities make better informed decisions.    This year, the President's Civil Works budget provides $31 million for the Corps to provide local communities with technical assistance and planning to help them develop and implant nonstructural approaches to improve their resilience to the impacts of climate change. We continue to contribute to this Nation's environmental restoration, and the budget provides funding to restore several large ecosystems that have been a focus of interagency collaboration, including the California Bay Delta, the Chesapeake Bay, the Everglades, the Great Lakes, and the gulf coast.    Other funded Corps efforts include the Columbia River, some portions of the Puget Sound, and priority work in the Upper Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. Finally, this budget continues to fund our Veterans Curation Program which was started in 2009 with support from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. This program offers veterans the opportunity to learn tangible work skills and gain experience by rehabilitating and preserving federally owned or administered archeological collections found at Corps projects.    I look forward to working with the committee to advance the Army's Civil Works Program, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Ms. Darcy. You might want to call him back.    General Bostick. Sorry for opening that up. I am honored to testify before your committee today, along with the Honorable Jo-Ellen Darcy on the President's fiscal year 2016 budget for the Civil Works Program of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. This is my third time to testify before the subcommittee. I want to thank you for your past support, and I look forward to continuing our work together in the future.    Today I would like to provide a brief update on our four campaign plan goals. First, we support national security. The Corps supports the national security of the United States. We are working in more than 110 countries using our civil works, military missions, water resources, and our research and development expertise to support the Nation's combatant commanders. Our Corps employees, both civilian and military from all across the Nation have volunteered and continue to volunteer to provide critical support to our military and humanitarian missions abroad.    I just returned from Korea and Japan where we have multibillion-dollar programs in both locations. Our teams there are doing a tremendous job supporting our national security efforts in the Far East as we are doing in other parts of the world and throughout the United States.    Second, Transform Civil Works focuses on four areas. First, modernizing the project planning process. Second, enhancing the budget development process. Third, developing an infrastructure strategy to evaluate the current inventory of projects, to help identify priorities and develop better solutions to water resources challenges. And fourth, improving our methods of delivery to produce and deliver sound decisions, products, and services that will improve the ways in which we manage and use our water resources.    One example of our progress is that during each 7-year period, between 2000 and 2007, and then again between 2007 and 2014, we completed an average of 40 Chief's Reports. Since modernizing our planning process, we are on track to complete 25 Chief's Reports in just a year and a half, clear evidence that we are learning and becoming more efficient.    In our third campaign plan goal, reduce disaster risk, we must continue to develop and improve strategies to reduce risk as well as respond in natural disasters when they occur. I continue to be very impressed with the work of the Army Corps of Engineers in this area. One example of this proficiency is Hurricane Sandy recovery work. The Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies program is over 95 percent complete. The Sandy Operations and Maintenance program is over 70 percent complete and on schedule to be 100 percent complete by the end of 2016. And I am pleased to highlight that the Army submitted the North Atlantic Coast Comprehensive Study on schedule to Congress and the American people on 28 January of this year.    And fourth, prepare for tomorrow. This is all about our people, ensuring that we have a pipeline of talented military and civilian teammates as well as a strong leader development and talent management program.    Equally important is helping our Nation's wounded warriors transition from military to civilian careers. Last year we set a goal to assist 125 wounded warriors, and we exceeded that goal by more than 50 percent. Nearly 200 wounded warriors found permanent positions within the Corps of Engineers or with other organizations. We are also focused on research and development efforts that will help solve some of the Nation's toughest challenges.    Mr. Chairman, I ask that you and the other members of the committee refer to my complete written testimony for the fiscal year 2016 budget specifics. Thank you again for this opportunity, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Darcy. Mr. Chairman, the budget that has been presented today, the $4.7 billion for the President is what throughout our Government we believe we can afford within the programs for the Army Corps of Engineers and our water resources.    Ms. Darcy. The $950 million that is in the President's budget this year is the same request that the President made last year, and that is again within the competing needs within our budget and that is what we believe is affordable at this time.    Ms. Darcy. The overall construction completions, I think, are nine. As far as the coastal ones individually, I will have to check, and I will----    Ms. Darcy. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. Darcy. Is the question how many of those 10 are----    Ms. Darcy. Are dredged to their authorized width depth?    Ms. Darcy. Of the 10, I believe--I don't know, General. Do you----    Ms. Darcy. The ports that have requested or are going deeper, the deepening project is not a harbor maintenance operation and maintenance function. It is a different budgeting construction authority.    Ms. Darcy. Yes, sir. It is a user fee for the barges on the inland waterway system on the 27 reaches of the system that would be collected. We are still trying to work with the users and others to develop what exactly the fee structure would be, but it is anticipated that if this is enacted, that it would be able to collect $1 billion in over 10 years.    Ms. Darcy. Correct.    Ms. Darcy. That is correct. This would be in addition to the tax that was increased in the ABLE Act from 20 cents to 29 cents. This user fee would be in addition to the increase in the diesel tax.    Ms. Darcy. That implementation guidance is still underway. It is not completed as yet, but some of the things that the Corps is doing in order to help in some of the drought-stricken areas in the West includes responding to deviation requests. We have done that in three places in California: Coyote, Whittier Narrows and Prado Dam. What that means is we have had a request to deviate from our usual operating control manual in order to respond to drought conditions. These have drought contingency plans, these reservoirs, so with a deviation request, we would look to moving off of our usual controls to respond to the drought.    Ms. Darcy. I can't say for certain, but I would assume that it would help.    Ms. Darcy. The administration has allocated some funds in the 2015 workplan and the 2016 budget and in line with several of the provisions of 2014 WRRDA, for example, Emerging Harbors and Great Lakes each received 12 percent from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. Emerging Harbors received 10 percent from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund in the 2016 budget proposal.    Ms. Darcy. That is correct. In the competition within the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for which ports are in most need of the resources, it didn't compete as well as some of the other ports.    Ms. Darcy. The way we budget for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund is that we look at what needs there are for dredging in particular ports, and the needed dredging in L.A., Long Beach was not as----    Ms. Darcy. Congresswoman, the law gives guidance to us as to how to budget through the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, and through the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund we do budget on a performance-based need, and what harbors are in most need of those resources.    Ms. Darcy. I am not familiar with the particulars of that legislation, Congresswoman, but this program we started in 2009, our Veterans Curation Program, is in response to two needs: the needs for our veterans to have some tangible skills when they return that they can market in the job market, and also a need for the Army Corps of Engineers to catalog our archeological finds. It is a responsibility that we have whenever we do a project. And we have had more than 200 veterans trained through our programs.    We have a program in St. Louis, Missouri, one in Augusta, Georgia, and one in Arlington, Virginia. And the skills that they learn range from digitization, to photography skills, cataloging skills, and I am very proud to report that about 89 percent of those who have been trained have gone on to either advanced degrees in college or jobs either in the private sector or in the Federal Government.    Ms. Darcy. Right this moment, I don't know the status, but I can find out for you, sir. I don't know if the General knows, but I know that we are moving forward on C-111, but I am not sure of the Contract 8 status.    General Bostick. I don't have the status immediately available, but we can track that down and provide it to you today.    Ms. Darcy. I think that the 1023 guidance that Congressman Webster referred to is the same guidance that you are referring to, which is additional contributions by non-Federal interests. And as the Chief said, we have some requests for that because it depends on whether you use contributed funds. And what we can do is give you a status report of what kinds of requests we have had since the passage of that law.    Ms. Darcy. The guidance is nationwide guidance for how you would implement the provision, but then we have to make a case-by-case decision once the request comes into the district about how the local sponsor would want to contribute funds to that project.    Ms. Darcy. Congresswoman, I don't know the status of the EPA permit, but I will check on it for you. I'm aware you went to the Civil Works Review Board. I think we are on target to hopefully get this Chief's Report completed in May.    Ms. Darcy. Congresswoman, I think this is the project you are referring to, the Shore Protection Project in Broward County. The sponsor has prepared what is called a limited reevaluation report, and we are expecting that approval by the end of May, that is the approval needed in order to go forward with that.    Ms. Darcy. May 15, 2015, yes.    Ms. Darcy. Congressman, I don't believe either of those two actions would have an impact on the ongoing study. I understand that the study is looking at different reaches within the project area, and I don't believe that either of those would have an adverse impact on that study. I would be happy to follow up in particular for that study. But right now, I don't believe it would have an impact.    Ms. Darcy. Currently in our project planning process, we look at the entire footprint of a proposed project which would include where it is in the flood plain and whether or not it would go forward as--and in response to the impacts that building a project in the flood plain would have. As far as the 404 jurisdiction, we make a determination on whether waters are jurisdictional when we have a request for a 404 permit, so we would have to look at what the project request was and whether or not where that project is being proposed would be in the flood plain or whether it would be impacting jurisdictional waters.    Ms. Darcy. That footprint.    Ms. Darcy. The Corps of Engineers is a member of what is called MitFLG, which is the mitigation organization within the Federal Government, so along with FEMA and other Federal agencies, we were involved in the development of that rule, of that regulation.    Ms. Darcy. Are you referring to consultations on ESA?    Ms. Darcy. Under the law we have to consult with our resource agencies, whether it is Fish and Wildlife Service or NOAA on any projects going forward that would be a Federal action that would impact the new species.    Ms. Darcy. I would just like to say that, yes, it has been successful and hopefully we are going to be able to expand it maybe to some other centers as well as the numbers of veterans that we are able to reach. I just can't talk about it without talking about Sonny Trimble. It was his brain child, and, after coming back from Afghanistan, he realized that there was a match here to be made with our veterans needing skilled training as well as what he was tasked with to do, because he is our curation director for the Corps.    Ms. Darcy. I believe so, but I am going to check in the next 10 minutes to make sure I am right.    Ms. Darcy. Yes, Congressman. Environmental infrastructure is not within the core missions, but I understand that recycling and reuse are and continue to be a growing need, especially in the West, and I can tell you that I will take another look at it. However, as I said, environmental infrastructure, which wastewater and these kinds of projects are considered, are not within the Corps main missions.    Ms. Darcy. Congressman, in this year's budget I believe we requested $3.5 million for all of our Continuing Authorities Programs. One of the reasons is because we had a great deal of carryover in that account. We had over $100 million carryover from the year before, which is why we didn't request as much as maybe we had in years past. Also some of the challenges we have in some of the CAP programs is that our local sponsors oftentimes are unable to meet the cost share match, and so we are trying to figure out a way forward within our CAP program. The CAP authority is one that is used a lot because of the low dollar, not only the low dollar amount but the fact that it does not require the extensive authorization process. So we are trying to get a handle on how we can spend down the carryover as well as how we can improve how we communicate with our stakeholders to be able to help them come up with their portion of a cost-shared responsibility.    Ms. Darcy. I can give you those answers. On how many additional periodic renourishment cycles, this is for Wrightsville Beach, right, not Carolina?    Ms. Darcy. For Wrightsville Beach we project that at least two periodic nourishment cycles scheduled for 2018 and 2022 could be completed without exceeding the section 902 cost limit. And then regarding what is the status of our developing a 902 cost limit, the Corps is analyzing all cost-reduction measures to reduce the total cost of implementing this project, and subject to the overall viability of implementing these cost controls, a Post-Authorization Change Report may still be required, and this possibly could be accomplished in fiscal year 2016, subject to availability and appropriations.    Ms. Darcy. Yes, Congresswoman, I believe that yesterday when I signed the memorandum, the record of decision has now been completed, and then the project can move forward. As far as the allocation of the unallocated balances in the 2015 workplan for flood risk management, we will have a decision on those in shortly; and I understand that the project, the $8 million that you are referring to in Dallas, that there is a requirement by the local sponsors that a decision needs to be made before the 28th of April, and I will commit to you that I will make that decision by then.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you, Secretary. And for those others with the Corps of Engineers, I look forward to continuing to work with you, and I look forward to having us have an opportunity to move forward with the projects.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Ms. Darcy. I can tell you that the port would need to have a national navigation port which would be how we would determine the dredging capabilities. And then, as some earlier comments stated about the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, it would have to compete within that trust fund balance as to what the funding could actually be for the eventual dredging of that project.    Ms. Darcy. I don't know. Do you, General?    General Bostick. My guess is part of this challenge, is it goes back to what Secretary Darcy was saying, in whether the project competes. There are many projects that folks request dredging, and year after year they are not competing for those small dollars that are available, so it really depends. I don't know the specifics on this port, but if it is a small port that is not competitive, then it could go for many years where it would get a response each year that it did not compete for funding that year.    Ms. Darcy. My understanding of the legislation you are referring to would require us to stop doing the current rulemaking and start over again, meaning I think additional consultation within the administration as well as with outside stakeholders. So, I would anticipate that if we were required to stop and start over again, we would probably need additional resources. The $5 million that was in the President's request for 2016 for the regulatory program is in anticipation of the rule that we had proposed going final, and that money would be used to train additional staff that would be needed in the initial startup to get up to speed on what the implementation of the new rule would----    Ms. Darcy. I don't have a good number for you, Congresswoman, about how much we have expended in proposing the rule.    Ms. Darcy. I don't know for certain, but what I do know is I don't believe that we can waive 902. However, we may be able to find other authorities that could be used in order to address this as either an emergency or a safety issue, that we might be able to proceed without having to do a 902, but I would need to check for you, Congressman.    Ms. Darcy. Again, I think that we may be able to address the concern because it is a safety concern or risk to public health or life and safety, without having to get a waiver from 902, but, again, I would have to check on that for you.    Ms. Darcy. I think that if it is truly a safety issue, we may be able to consult with the Coast Guard as to how we might be able to, in the short term, resolve this safety issue and also looking also internally about what other authorities we might have to have to be able to address the problem.    Ms. Darcy. The reconciliation of those expenditures are ones that I can only say that the Army Corps of Engineers has spent a great deal of time and efforts on those studies. One thing that we are doing as a result of not only some initiatives we have taken but also initiatives that the Congress has directed us to take, is to reduce the time and expense of our studies. We have a 3x3x3 requirement now that will require that all studies will take place in 3 years with $3 million or less and be integrated in the vertical team within the Corps headquarters as well as the district and division. Those are ways that I think we have taken initiatives to be able to reduce our expenditures on studies as well as the time. I know there has been a long history of longtime studies in the State of Louisiana.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Madam Secretary. Another question, in a previous life I had the chance to carry out water resource projects in Louisiana and partner with the Corps of Engineers. In numerous instances we were able to build the entire project for the 35-percent cost share that the Corps estimated was our cost share. So say, again, for 35 percent of the cost we built the entire 100 percent project, and we were able to do that oftentimes in half of the time that the Corps of Engineers estimated. Can you just very briefly explain any project delivery mechanism efficiencies that you are pursuing today?    Ms. Darcy. We have established a Corps cost control board, and that is looking at not only the escalations of costs, but also how we can reduce existing costs. What we have discovered over the last couple of years is we were coming up against our 902 limit too many times, finding out not only was the contingency built in, but then a project came up to the 902 and without enough time in advance to either make cost adjustments or be prepared to ask for what we call a 902 fix, a legislative fix. So that is one of the things we have done, and the General may want to add----    General Bostick. The only other thing I can add is that we have seen great projects. And Representative Graves, you have seen what we have done in the HSDRRS Project. We did the same thing in BRAC, about $12 billion worth of work in 6 years, and one of the keys was upfront funding, so contractors know what they are going to receive and when they are going to receive it and they can execute the project on a reasonable timeline. The other thing we have done is brought the contractors in early along with the stakeholders so we don't have the changes which usually cause projects to be extended.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. General, thank you, and I appreciate you recognizing that. There are fundamental flaws in the current project delivery mechanism and, look, and I will agree with you or perhaps where you were leading, Secretary Darcy, in that I think the Congress has some culpability in this flawed process.    But this year, for example, the budget request comes in at $750 million below last year's actually enacted dollars in terms of construction funds. When you look at the backlog of projects totaling tens of billions of dollars, when you look at the vulnerabilities that are out there, General and Secretary Darcy, I want to remind you, we lost 1,200 Louisianians in Hurricane Katrina, 1,200. There is not a single one of those people that should have been lost. Hurricane Isaac in 2012, we lost another two or three, if I recall, particularly on the West Bank at Plaquemines Parish which the Corps initially indicated in 2006 they would be protecting. These lives, this loss of lives, first of all, they matter. And second of all, every single one of them was preventable. Call me dramatic, whatever you want, you need to be thinking about what you are going to tell these families in the future whenever these projects that have been here in the study process now for decades, what you are going to tell them whenever they lose family members, because it is going to happen. And when we have a hurricane come up and takes a trajectory just to the west of Hurricane Katrina hit, I am telling you right now, and you all know it too, we are going to have probably hundreds of lives lost, entirely preventible. Meanwhile FEMA is coming in and spending billions of dollars, billions of dollars, responding.    Last question in this round. I want to ask about waters of the U.S. You look at the fact that we have lost 1,900 square miles of coastal wetlands in the State of Louisiana, 1,900. Virtually all the studies that are out there indicate that that land loss is attributable to Corps of Engineers actions in terms of modifying the hydrology on the Mississippi River system. Can you explain to me or reconcile the waters of the U.S. rule and out there touting the importance of wetlands, while the Corps of Engineers, being the largest cause of wetlands lost historical in perspective in the United States?    Ms. Darcy. The waters of the U.S., not only existing waters of the U.S. under the Clean Water Act, but the proposed rule, will continue to protect wetlands. And as you probably know, many of the projects that the Corps of Engineers has built and will build in the future will all consider the mitigation of wetlands loss under law. So the fact that the hydrology of the gulf coast is being impacted by these projects is something in the future we need to consider as far as the wetland loss, because it is a huge loss to the State of Louisiana, as well as to the country.    General Bostick. I would just offer that the Corps of Engineers builds what the American people, the Congress, authorizes and appropriates. We don't come up with our own ideas on projects. The first Chief's Report I signed as the Chief of Engineers was the Ecosystem Restoration Project at the Barataria Basin down in New Orleans to try to help balance some of the structural and nonstructural type of work that we do. But America has changed and is looking more at environmental-type work, at ecosystem restoration work, which we agree is very important.    Ms. Darcy. Yes, Congresswoman, we can look into whether there can be a CAP authority for a separable element because Matilija is I think the dam I think you are referring to, and I think that is a pretty big project.    Ms. Darcy. Sure.    Ms. Darcy. OK.    Ms. Darcy. I believe that in the report that we have submitted for 7001, there were 19 projects that met those 5 criteria and appeared in the report.    Ms. Darcy. The administrative review is required under Executive Order 12322, which we have to do whenever we submit a report to Congress. The 7001 report is one of those. And in the administrative review, the two projects that you referred to were the two Chief's Reports that were not in the report but appeared in the appendix. Every submission we got from the public appears in either the report or the appendix. And the two Chief's Reports that did not appear are because they had not yet gone through administration review.    Ms. Darcy. We are, Congressman. We are going to do more outreach with our districts so that everyone is aware of just what exactly the process is. As you know, this is the first time we did this. We did it pretty quick, by February 1. And also when we put out our public notice in the Federal Register in May, we are going to be more clear about what exactly needs to be involved in this----    Ms. Darcy. Talking about the locks and dams on the inland waterways system----    Ms. Darcy. The dams and locks projects are funded out of the Inland Waterway Trust Fund, and that is for improvements. It is not for dredging of that system. So if the States took over the dredging, it would not really impact the funding for the modernization or the upgrades of the locks and dams.    Ms. Darcy. That comes from General Treasury. I mean that comes from our budget.    Ms. Darcy. The dredging, it is essential. Because it is a----    Ms. Darcy. This year's budget included funds to begin construction of the deepening of the Savannah River Channel. That began this year.    Ms. Darcy. Beginning of construction in this calendar year.    Ms. Darcy. Right. Well, that is one of the reasons Savannah wants to go deeper. We are deepening Savannah.    Ms. Darcy. We are currently looking----    Ms. Darcy. Not undertaking. We have studies for deepening projects, including Charleston Harbor, but as far as a construction new project this year, SHEP is the one that comes to mind.    Ms. Darcy. The Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, as you noted, takes in more than it expends. This budget requests $915 million to come out of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for this fiscal year. That is what we believe is affordable at this time, and that is the intended use of those funding for the operation and maintenance of those coastal harbors.    Ms. Darcy. In our appropriations bill the $915 million is used just for water projects.    Ms. Darcy. The outstanding balances are used for other purposes within the Treasury.    Ms. Darcy. Or other uses within the Treasury, so perhaps not.    Ms. Darcy. The administration supports its budget request of $915 million from the existing balance.    Ms. Darcy. Thank you for clarifying that. That was my mistake. Section 1014, you are correct, the guidance has not been finalized. It is in the queue. I will defer to staff to come up with a date when we will have it done for you, and I will get back to you.    Ms. Darcy. To my knowledge you are raising it for the first time, but if the locals have been in contact with the local Corps district as to what the possibilities are for maintenance dredging, I think that is the first step.    Ms. Darcy. I think he likes testifying with us.    Ms. Darcy. It is a priority both from response to the WRRDA language but also within the administration. We are looking at public-private partnerships, and as the Chief mentioned earlier, we are going to have to be looking for other sources of revenue to be able to address them, the infrastructure needs of this country overall.    We are looking at individual projects to see if there are public-private opportunities there, underway, as to what kind of financing mechanisms we can use within our existing authorities and whether or not there are barriers in our existing authorities that we may need to alter in order to take other sources of funding. We are looking at a project, Fargo-Moorhead, that has an opportunity for a private partnership, possibly public-private--public public-private partnership with a local community and then a private investor.    Ms. Darcy. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Darcy. I don't know. Do you know, Chief?    Ms. Darcy. Absolutely.    Ms. Darcy. Well, sir, in this year's budget submission, we had 54 projects for construction, and 9 of those are are funded to completion. So we are trying to focus not only on completions but we always focus on what are the highest performing projects for the overall value to the Nation. But we are focusing on completions. In this budget, there are 13 feasibility studies funded to completion, so that is what we are looking toward.    One of the provisions in WRRDA also directed us to come up with $18 billion worth of projects for deauthorization. So we are looking at our whole portfolio of what has been authorized and what has been constructed, not constructed, and what the universe is, number one, and number two, what of those projects within that $18 billion are probably not projects that warrant going forward. So that is going to help us get our arms around just how big our asset management needs to be.    General Bostick. I think it is difficult, Congressman, to answer the question of what is more important. But we do get concerned when we lack the ability to build new construction. I think if you look at some of the studies that have been done, there is a lot that can be done with the infrastructure we have. We have infrastructure that is up to 100 years old, and if we maintain it, a lot can be done with that infrastructure by reinvesting, doing regular O&M and major rehabilitation when necessary, and that is where most of our funds are going. We have gone from a balance of construction and O&M to more on the O&M side as where we are spending most of our dollars.    But we do need to look at our assets, and as part of what we are doing now, in deciding what do we retain, what do we divest of. As Secretary Darcy said, what do we repurpose. But the new construction like the Folsom Dam that we are doing and the Olmsted lock and dam, and those systems, the country will still need that kind of work, and we have got to think about how we do that.    Ms. Darcy. The replacement of the Soo locks, the new lock at Soo?    Ms. Darcy. We did what is called a sensitivity analysis to look at whether the economics for that replacement lock are still viable, and we determined through that sensitivity analysis that yes, indeed, it was probably necessary to look at the economics, because as you said, it was authorized 20 years ago. And so in order to do that, the Corps would need to do what is called an economic reevaluation report.    Ms. Darcy. We have not undertaken that at this time.    Ms. Darcy. We have not budgeted for that at this time.    Ms. Darcy. It is a decision that we can make internally.    Ms. Darcy. But we would need to find funding in order to do it.    Ms. Darcy. Well, we base our budget recommendations on, as I said, the larger high-performing delivery for value to the Nation.    Ms. Darcy. We do, and that is reflected in the President's budget.    Ms. Darcy. Yes.    Ms. Darcy. I don't. I don't, but I can provide that for you.    Ms. Darcy. I can provide that information for you.    Ms. Darcy. The Executive order is a longstanding administrative review order that we----    Ms. Darcy. I understand your intent.    Ms. Darcy. I think it is due in September.    Ms. Darcy. September.    Ms. Darcy. Yes.    Ms. Darcy. September 2015.    Ms. Darcy. We are currently working with EPA to try to develop the guidance for the implementation of the WIFIA provision. It is one of those that is ongoing. I can check as to when we think that will be completed, but we want to be able to participate in that program in a way that it is going to be beneficial for using the intended provisions for Corps projects.    Ms. Darcy. The draft final rule went to OMB on the 3rd of April. Now it is in the interagency review process, and that can take anywhere from 1 month to--there is a 90-day clock, but we are hoping that we are able to complete that review before then.    Ms. Darcy. Right. We, the Corps of Engineers, worked hand in hand with the EPA in order to address those comments because this is a joint rule within the administration. So we responded to the comments. We posted them on the Federal docket, and many of the comments gave us some good information and some revelations and insights as to what appeared to be not clear by the language that we had provided. So in the final rule we are hoping to make some changes that will help to make things more clear than they were in the proposed rule.    Ms. Darcy. You mean a draft proposed rule for them to respond to?    Ms. Darcy. I believe that the regions, including our regions, all had a chance to look at what we were going to eventually propose to OMB for their input and----    Ms. Darcy. No, Congressman, I believe--and I will also doublecheck with my colleagues at EPA, but I think what you are referring to is the draft final rule for the review of the regions in response to both the comments and the review period. It wasn't guidance. It was just what was anticipated to probably be the final rule that they could have input on.    Ms. Darcy. That is right.    Ms. Darcy. Yes.    Ms. Darcy. I am supposed to be there at 1 o'clock, I think.    Ms. Darcy. Of zebra mussels or----    Ms. Darcy. OK.    Ms. Darcy. This budget gives more funding to the Corps to do more on our levee safety program, and we will be sharing that levee safety information with local communities, but any additional information you want on the dam safety program, we will be happy to provide that for the record.    Ms. Darcy. I thought we were going to get out of here.    Ms. Darcy. The Federal standard applies, and you are right, it has to be economically as well as environmentally sound. Our scientists, including our head scientist at ERDC, have concurred and determined that the levels for open lake disposal, or open water disposal, of the dredge material in the last mile stretch of the river would be suitable for open lake disposal. Therefore, the Federal standard would be to have that portion be disposed of in open lake.    The Ohio EPA does not agree and believes that the remaining dredge material should be in a confined disposal facility. As you are aware, under the Federal standard, any additional cost above the Federal standard, which in this case would be open lake disposal for that portion, would need to be cost shared by the local sponsor.    Ms. Darcy. I hope that is the case as well.    Ms. Darcy. I hope that my lawyers say I can do that, but you know, I think we have had this conversation, too, Congressman. We need a long-term solution.    Ms. Darcy. Yeah.