    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Taylor, I am concerned about the actively engaged rule. What is the status of the rulemaking process and when can we expect a final rule?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. I want to make sure that we are incorporating those concerns about the number of managers that are allowed on large or complex operations. Is that something being taken into consideration?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. I understand that you are almost done with the implementation process for ARC and PLC with the payments for 2014 expected to go out in October. What are the lessons learned for the 2014 Farm Bill commodity program implementation and what issues do you have left on that?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Willis, on crop insurance, what steps are being taken to continue to educate farmers on crop insurance and the crop insurance providers on the provisions of the farm bill related to crop insurance as they continue to be rolled out?    Mr. Crawford. How wide-spread is Supplemental Coverage Option for crop insurance now and specifically what crops are included and what aren't?    Mr. Crawford. Excellent. Thank you. I would like a list of that if you wouldn't mind providing that.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back in.    Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In Arkansas, the Mississippi River Basin Initiative has been a very effective program in giving people at the state and local levels the kind of tools that they need to deal with conservation challenges, particularly specific to our region. You actually mentioned that in your comments earlier.    In the 2014 Farm Bill, though, we created the RCPP, which we had hoped would expand on that success, but it looks like a lot of the policies in the MRBI have been reversed, and I am being told there is actually a lot less local control and more deference to national groups in what types of conservation activities should be funded. Why the change in direction?    Mr. Crawford. If that is the case, why would I be hearing from my folks at home? We have two projects in particular that fall under this, and we are not hearing positive feedback with respect to local control.    Mr. Crawford. Perhaps we can communicate offline and address that problem.    Mr. Crawford. Let me expand on something that my colleague from Georgia mentioned. The perception at home among farmers, the NRCS has been up to this point the kind of agency that farmers felt comfortable with in terms of asking for help, technical help, funding help; for example, surface water retention projects, tailwater recovery, irrigation reservoirs and things like that. Not only did they get technical consult, but in many cases were able to secure funding not necessarily in total, but cost-share on a lot of projects. I have seen these projects.    I have seen these projects, and they are great projects.    But because of WOTUS, the perception at home is now the NRCS has been roped into this regulatory role that has fundamentally redefined the dynamic of the relationship between the NRCS and farmers. Your thoughts on that?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. So from a perspective of WOTUS, you have no regulatory authority under WOTUS at all?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. The perception is that you do, and I am still not convinced that in some form or fashion, that you don't, in some way, have a roundabout, maybe a reporting requirement or something like that that may possibly impact the relationships that up to this point, farmers have found very favorable. The NRCS has been a very good agency to work with up to this point.    But I just want you to know that the perspective of farmers, at least in my district, is that the trust there is not going to be there anymore, because of the relationship to the EPA and WOTUS.    Mr. Crawford. Okay. Let me ask you this--I only have 30 seconds left--can you tell me, unequivocally that you don't have any requirement to report to the EPA under any circumstance as it applies to WOTUS or potential violation or a significant nexus or connectivity or anything like that?    Mr. Crawford. Okay.    Mr. Crawford. All right. Thank you. I appreciate that. My time has expired. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Allen, 5 minutes.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is in general to whoever might want to respond to this. A lot of our growers obviously rely on USDA estimates of commodities supply and demand for market information and outlook. What role does ERS play in the development of the monthly WASDE reports, and how is that involvement distinct from the efforts of other services of the USDA?    Mr. Crawford. Okay.    Mr. Crawford. I appreciate that. I heard a lot of complaints from growers back home that the recent WASDE report had a huge impact on the price of soybeans in particular. Apparently, Arkansas average yield forecasts are published at a much higher rate than anyone is even capable of at this point, so considerably higher than record yields.    Can you walk me through what controls you might have in place to ensure accuracy because there seems to be a huge difference of opinion on what our producers back home are telling us that they are expecting versus what was published.    Mr. Crawford. Okay. I don't mean to cut you off, but I just have been kind of trying to be up to speed on my data here, and University of Arkansas cooperative extension service, which most states rely pretty heavily on their land-grant institutions, cooperative extension services, and those economists.    And our economist at the University of Arkansas said USDA's report was extremely bullish, and we are basing that on a pretty big increase year over year that the farmers in our district don't think they are capable of meeting that level, and so let me move on to the next thing.    Again, we have heard these repeated concerns from growers in the industry about the accuracy of these crop progress reports and the impact that those reports can have on market prices, particularly for corn and soybeans. Can you talk about the methodology that helps you get there, and throughout the growing season, what efforts NASS has undertaken to review its methodologies for yield estimates, and what changes, if any, you think, need to be made?    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Scott, 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Ramaswamy, how are you? It has been a while.    The Committee met, pursuant to call, at 10:00 a.m., in Room 1300, Longworth House Office Building, Hon. K. Michael Conaway presiding.    Members present: Representatives Conaway, Neugebauer, Goodlatte, Lucas, King, Rogers, Thompson, Austin Scott of Georgia, Crawford, DesJarlais, Gibson, Hartzler, Davis, Yoho, Walorski, Allen, Rouzer, Abraham, Moolenaar, Kelly, Peterson, Fudge, McGovern, Plaskett, Adams, and Ashford.    Staff present: Anne DeCesaro, Bart Fischer, Caleb Crosswhite, Callie McAdams, Haley Graves, Jessica Carter, John Goldberg, Josh Maxwell, Mary Nowak, Mollie Wilken, Paul Balzano, Skylar Sowder, Jadi Chapman, John Konya, Andy Baker, Anne Simmons, Evan Jurkovich, Keith Jones, Lisa Shelton, Liz Friedlander, Mary Knigge, Mike Stranz, Nicole Scott, and Carly Reedholm.    The Chairman. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture, to review USDA organization and program administration, will come to order. I have asked Rick Crawford to open us with a prayer. Rick.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Heavenly Father, we bow humbly before you. We are thankful for every blessing of life and thankful for this nation that you have given us and thankful for the opportunity to represent those citizens of this great nation in our work here today. Father, we just ask for your wisdom, guidance, and discernment in all that we say and to be pleasing to you. In Jesus' name. Amen.    The Chairman. Thank you, Rick. Ranking Member Peterson is en route. He had a speech at 9:30, so he said to go ahead and start this morning on time, and he will get here as quickly as he can. We will pick up where we left off. I ask that any Member who wants to submit an opening statement for the record so the witnesses may begin the testimony to ensure there is ample time for questions.    The chair will remind Members they will be recognized for questioning in the order of seniority for Members who were here at the start at the hearing. After that Members will be recognized in order of arrival. I appreciate Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be included in the record. Over the course of today's hearing, following the testimony of each witness everyone at the table will be made available for questions. So once Lisa finishes, then we will open the questions, and I hope to get responses from the appropriate administrator.    I would like to welcome our first witness group to the table. The Honorable Lisa Mensah, who is Under Secretary of Rural Development, USDA. Accompanying her today is Brandon McBride, who is the Administrator of Rural Utility Service; Tony Hernandez, who is the Administrator for Rural Housing. And pinch hitting is Samuel Rikkers, who is the Acting Administrator for Rural Business--Cooperative Service.    Lisa, the microphone is yours.BRANDON McBRIDE, ADMINISTRATOR, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, USDA;     Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And Madam Under Secretary, thank you, and the Administrators for being here.    I am going to start with Administrator McBride. In February Politico published an article highlighting the 116 percent default rate for Broadband Loan Program. Since then we have been informed this was a miscalculation, and comparing government loans to loans in the private-sector is actually not a true apples-to-apples comparison. Can you expand on that situation and give us a better understanding of what the true default rate is for that program?    Mr. Crawford. Where did they come up with that number, 116 percent default? I mean that seems, based on what you are telling me, that seems pretty out in left field.    Mr. Crawford. Okay. Thank you for clearing that up. Now that the new regulations for farm bill loan program has been published, what kind of loan demand are you seeing?    Mr. Crawford. There was a report in May of last year, a GAO report, the agency recommended that USDA do a better job of identifying the characteristics of loans that may be at risk of rescission or default and that the Department align the goals in its annual performance report to the loan program's purpose.    Recently the Department issued a proposed interim final rule to revise the current broadband program regulations. Did the Department take into account the GAO recommendations when developing the new proposed rule?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. What changes, if any, are being made, and how do you expect the new rules to improve the administration of the broadband program and the accountability for taxpayer dollars?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. Excellent. Let me ask you about rural water, a couple of things here. In order to provide safe, healthy, and affordable drinking water and comply with the Safe Drinking Water Act and other Federal statutes, rural communities require technical expertise. I hear about this all the time at home, the circuit riders that are relied upon. How does USDA ensure rural communities have access to technical expertise to operate, maintain, and manage rural water systems?    Mr. Crawford. Are you seeing an increase in demand for those services?    Mr. Crawford. Okay. In the time I have left, it is our understanding that changes at the Census have driven changes to the formula that the agency uses to determine eligibility for rural water programs. Can you talk about those changes, how the Department is trying to mitigate the impact of those changes on rural communities and how the Department is working to publicize those options for those who might be affected?    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Adams, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you Secretaries and Administrators. Mr. Shea, from what I understand, APHIS is coming close to finalizing an SPS agreement with China for the import of U.S. rice. Throughout the process there have been some hang-ups on protocols like trapping, labeling, and segregation and varieties, but it seems like these issues have slowly been resolved. Can you give us an update on how this process is moving along and shed some light on how China is generally, when it comes to adhering to SPS protocols? I know they have a tendency to kind of move the goal posts, and I just want to get your assessment.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. Mr. Almanza, we met with Ambassador Froman last week to discuss the status of TPP negotiations, and I asked him why USTR has been intervening with OMB to hold up on issuing the final catfish inspection program rules. His response was that they were worried about making sure the rules are consistent with WTO protocols, and they want to make sure it is implemented without any objections from our trading partners, but what is confusing to me in this whole debate is don't these new rules follow the same equivalency standards as we have for chicken, livestock, and poultry in general? So why would a system we have had in place for decades cause a trade dispute?    Mr. Crawford. Did Ambassador Froman or staff at FSIS work with you during the development of the catfish inspection program so you could arrive at a product that is acceptable to everyone?    Mr. Crawford. And if so, I don't understand what the concerns are on the back end.    Mr. Crawford. Okay. Early on, I--I am going to shift gears a little bit here--I supported original, proposed new poultry inspection system rules which changed the role of food safety inspectors and increased line speeds. We have a few pilot plants in my district, and poultry companies there reported tremendous success on all fronts. I was disappointed when the rules were finalized that only food safety protocols were changed while the line speeds were not permitted.    So a couple of problems there, incentive for plans to move the new inspection models impaired because they don't have the opportunity to increase production speeds; and if the incentive isn't there, we are not making important steps toward improved food safety. It seems like a lose-lose. Can you report to the Committee in terms of how many plants have begun participating in the new model, and do you see any way to get back to the original proposed line speed?    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary and Administrators for being here.    Ms. Rowe, my district is home to a large swath of the Delta region. And while the Delta is heavily agricultural, paradoxically we have some pretty serious issues as it relates to the low-income population and their access to healthy nutritious foods. I am proud of some of the work we have done on the farm bill that targeted this problem, such as expanding the Farmers' Market Promotion Program, but I want to get a sense as to what your agency does specifically to improve access to nutritious foods in hard hit rural areas like the Delta, and how do you approach the unique challenges that rural areas like the Delta present that are much different from the challenges faced in heavily populated areas?    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. One quick question.    SNAP is a state-administered program but has heavy Federal oversight in how states operate their programs. Can you talk about your relationship with the states, and you mentioned that a little bit in your previous answer, but how that plays out during various times of the year? And how do you resolve differences in state plans or thoughts about what is within the scope of SNAP?    Mr. Crawford. Do you keep a pretty open mind with respect to ideas that emanate from the states on how they can more efficiently administer programs?    Mr. Crawford. Just real quick, can you give me an example of one state that may have jumped out and done something that was maybe a little bit unconventional but that you guys have decided was a good idea?    Mr. Crawford. BPR?    Mr. Crawford. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. McGovern, for 4 minutes.