    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I share my colleague's concerns obviously about whistleblowers. I think while everyone who has the mantle of responsibility certainly wants to do right with their organization, when we do see individuals that have the courage to come forth, they have to be protected. I think that is the bipartisan motivation of everyone on our committee today.    I want to take questions more on the security end and take it in a little bit different direction, however. Inspector General Roth, I, too, share my colleague's, you know, opinion of the confidence of your office and your personal diligence. The record has just been outstanding. But my question today deals with Vapor Wake dog teams in terms of security. And you will see why here in a moment. Did the IG in the reports make any recommendations on Vapor Wake dog teams and how they should be deployed or how they should be used at different airports?    Mr. Russell. Okay. I appreciate that.    And, Admiral Neffenger, as a preface, first off, I take some comfort knowing that you are at the helm of this organization. I don't think anyone who is advanced to your level as an admiral in our Coast Guard who has protected our shorelines and protected our borders has anything other than the interest of the defense of our country, and I appreciate that. I also think that it probably gives you incredible insight in dealing with a myriad of problems in a very complex and at times lethargic organization.    In Oklahoma City in my district the Vapor Wake dog team issue came to mind because acting Federal security director Steve Cartwright had cited that it was the IG's report as the reasons for the elimination of Vapor Wake dog teams from airports such as Will Rogers World Airport, and it was due to the need for performance and screening and getting people through, and therefore, these airports would have to lose their dog teams.    And in the case--although we had Will Rogers that was one of the charter five original airports in the training of these teams, they train for such teams very effectively, allowed great throughput, the entire program was eliminated from that airport, and I suspect it is probably not the only one.    And so my question to you is why would a Federal security director make the claim that it was the IG and their findings that would call for the elimination of that program, and why would we not want these teams at airports that might have less capacity other than a huge airport, but they also might have greater vulnerability for infiltration? It seems to me that security-wise it makes good sense. And I realize that this was not part of the normal stuff, but it is very important for security.    Mr. Russell. Sure.    Mr. Russell. And I appreciate ----    Mr. Russell. I would just ask--and again, security has been much of my life and a lot of my interest here in Congress. I would ask that we would consider--I mean, if I were an enemy, I would infiltrate in small or regional airports simply because there is a better chance of infiltration than in a large one. In deploying all the assets, once you get in the loop, you are inside the loop no matter where you originated or flew from.    And so I would ask that you relook some of this specifically in a vulnerability stance, not necessarily a regional or political stance. That is irrelevant in my view when it comes to security of the Nation. But we ought to relook, rather than putting everything where we expect to have a problem and maybe leave areas vulnerable where we don't.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back my time.