    Mr. Roewer. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, members of the committee. I am Jim Roewer, executive director of the Utility Solid Waste Activities Group, or USWAG. I am pleased to present this statement on beside of USWAG, the Edison Electric Institute, and the American Public Power Association.    We support EPA's decision to regulate coal ash as a nonhazardous waste, a decision which is consistent with the rulemaking record and with the EPA's previous regulatory determinations that coal ash does not warrant regulation as a hazardous waste.    Our longstanding position is that EPA should develop a regulatory program for coal ash patterned after the Federal regulations in place for municipal solid waste landfills. They would include design standards, location restrictions, dust controls, groundwater monitoring and corrective action, as well as structural stability controls for coal ash surface impoundments.    However, while we support EPA's regulation of coal ash as a nonhazardous waste, there are serious flaws in the new rule due to statutory limitations. The problem is that RCRA's subtitle D program does not authorize the implementation of Federal rules through State permit programs, nor does it allow EPA enforcement of those rules. The only exceptions are the provisions under which EPA issued municipal solid waste landfill rules, which are enforceable through State permit programs with backup EPA enforcement authority.    USWAG urged EPA to use that authority in issuing this rule, but EPA determined it could not. We are therefore left with a rule that cannot be delegated to States and in which EPA has no enforcement role. Because the rule cannot be delegated to the States, it is self-implementing. And relegated new facilities must comply with the rules requirement irrespective of whether it is adopted by the States. Even if adopted by a State, the Federal rule remains in place as an independent set of criteria that must be met. EPA is clear on this point. It cannot, this rule--the State program cannot operate in lieu of a Federal program. This will result in dual and potentially inconsistent Federal and State requirements. Most troubling, we are hearing that some States might not even attempt to adopt the new rule, which will guarantee new regulation.    In addition, the rule's only compliance mechanism is for a State or citizen group to bring a RCRA citizen suit in Federal district court. In fact, we believe this is the only Federal environmental law that is implemented in that and enforced in that way. This means legal disputes regarding compliance with any aspect of the rule will be determined on a case-by-case basis by different Federal district courts around the country.    Federal judges will be making complex technical decisions regarding regulatory compliance, instead of allowing these issues to be resolved by regulatory agencies that have the technical expertise and experience necessary to answer such questions. This is likely to produce differing and inconsistent decisions regarding the scope and applicability of the rule, depending on where a citizen suit is brought, and will undermine the uniform application of the rule. This is not a sound strategy for implementing a complex Federal environmental program that has such significant implications for the power generation industry.    Because the rule is self-implementing, EPA dropped risk-based options for implementing elements of the groundwater monitoring program and for conducting cleanups, reasoning that such risk-based decisions require regulatory oversight. As a result, the Federal rule effectively overrides existing State risk-based regulatory programs for coal ash that have been proven protective of human health and the environment.    Some of our members are in the middle of implementing long-term site specific closures or cleanups for coal ash facilities. We are concerned that the Federal rule's lack of recognition of State risk-based closure or cleanup programs may effectively negate these efforts.    The rule also regulates inactive impoundments, impoundments no longer receiving coal ash but which contain water and have not closed. We fully appreciate such inactive sites may pose risks and steps should be taken to address those risks. However, we do not believe the EPA has the authority to subject past disposal practices to regulations for active--designed for active units, as the agency has done in this rule.    Congress has authorized EPA to address risk from past disposal under Superfund and by issuing site-specific remedial orders if past disposal poses an imminent and substantial endangerment. If EPA wants additional authority, we believe the statute must be amended to grant EPA such authority.    Finally, the rule does not provide the desired certainty that coal ash will not be regulated as a hazardous waste. EPA makes clear that it will, at some point in the future, issue a now regulatory determination regarding whether coal ash warrants hazardous waste regulation. While EPA has for now settled on the nonhazardous waste option, the Agency leaves the door open to revising the rules and regulating coal ash as a hazardous waste. This raises serious concerns.    Companies across the country will be investing huge resources to come into compliance with the new rule, even as EPA contemplates establishing a whole new regulatory program that could effectively negate these huge capital expenditures. We need regulatory certainty regarding the status of coal ash under RCRA. This rule does not provide that.    I would like to thank the opportunity--I would like to thank the subcommittee for the opportunity to present these views and would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Roewer. Thank you. There are a few instances where the Agency is contemplating a different approach to allow for a potentially risk-based decision to establish a point of compliance, to establish an alternative groundwater protection standard.    For unlined units to even engage in corrective action and not have to shut down summarily, the Agency recognized that the regulatory oversight from a regulatory agency wouldn't be there under a self-implementing rule--regulatory oversight to ensure that that risk-based decisionmaking is appropriately applied--and backed away from that. And instead we are faced with this self-implementing rule. So they take away a lot of the tools that State regulatory agencies have in prescribing cleanups, in prescribing corrective actions.    Mr. Roewer. Well, a State could take into account whether there is a receptor downgrading it from the facility. You are seeing a release, but is it in fact presenting a risk to human health and the environment? And they can take that into account when they are making a decision about whether corrective action is needed or what type of correction action--corrective measures must be implemented by the utility.    Mr. Roewer. The rule is rather clear about what you have to achieve in corrective action. You must meet that standard. If you don't meet that standard, you can, so I would have to answer no. I couldn't see how EPA could say that a State program that incorporates that sort of risk-based decisionmaking is the equivalent of the Federal rule.