    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, for holding the hearing on Superfund today.    I represent a district in Houston, and, up until recent redistricting, my district bordered in east Harris County one of the more significant Superfund sites, on the San Jacinto waste pits bordering our district. At that time, Congressman Poe had the site, but I got the downstream.    And EPA was very quick in putting it on the Superfund site. The site has been polluted since the mid-1960s. It was a dumping ground for paper mill waste, and it was left undetected for over 40 years. The local community is very concerned about the fears it may negatively be impacting human health and the environment.    My questions are, Mr. Stanislaus, what opportunities will communities in east Harris County have to give input on the proposed cleanup plans?    Mr. Green. OK.    Dioxins are the primary hazard at the waste pits, which were used during the paper production process 50 years ago. Mr. Stanislaus, has the EPA taken any action to limit the use of dioxins and similar dangerous chemicals in paper production?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK.    Does the EPA have a timetable for when the feasibility study report would be released?    Mr. Green. And I have been there; it is encapsulating. And what happened, because of subsidence in our area over the last 50 years, those containment facilities may have been great in 1965, but the subsidence, we actually have some of those containment facilities that are below water level in the San Jacinto River. And, so far, there is different evidence that the encapping of it is working. I think the last test I showed, it is doing well.    What are the primary factors for EPA in its determination for the cleanup of waste?    Mr. Green. Is the EPA taking under consideration the vulnerability? The site actually can be flooded because it is a tidal river, but, over my lifetime, we have also had floods coming down the river, and so it can dislodge it. Is that part of the EPA study also, the danger of a hurricane coming in or floodings upstream?    Mr. Green. OK. I appreciate it. The site is now in Congressman Babin's district. It is a neighbor of mine. And we are getting him the information that we have been working on for a number of years.    These are questions for all the agencies on the panel.    How does your agency ensure that states and local communities are involved in every stage of the cleanup under your control?    Mr. Green. I only have a few seconds. I need to get one more question in, though.    If a state preferred one cleanup remedy over another, how would the preference influence the decision over the cleanups? Would the Federal Government defer to the state agency?    Mr. Green. So it is a cooperative issue?    Mr. Green. OK.    I appreciate it, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.