    Mr. Lukken. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to testify on the impact of margin and bank capital on the cleared derivatives markets.    I am President and CEO of FIA, a trade association for the futures, options, and centrally cleared derivatives markets. Both margin and bank capital play an important role in protecting the safety and soundness of the financial system. Since the financial crisis, their roles have been heightened with the G20 leaders' commitment to both enhance bank capital, and require the clearing, and thus, margining of standardized OTC products through regulated clearinghouses.    While capital and margin are both tools in protecting the financial system, it is important to distinguish the two, as each serves a specific function in meeting this important goal.    Bank capital is the amount of funds that a banking institution holds in reserve to support its banking activities. Required by national banking regulators under international standards set by the Basel Committee on Bank Supervision, bank capital serves as a stable financial cushion to absorb unexpected losses by banks. Margin, on the other hand, aims to protect the safety and soundness of the futures and cleared derivatives markets, rather than specific institutions. Customers that utilize the futures or cleared derivatives markets to hedge their risks are required to clear such transaction through a clearinghouse, and in order to do so, must post margin with a clearing member. The clearing member, in turn, manages this collection of margin from its customers, and guarantees the customers' transactions with a clearinghouse. The customers' margin is simply a performance bond that ensures customers make good on their transactions, which offsets the clearing member's exposure to the clearinghouse.    Many of the largest clearing members are also affiliated with prudentially regulated banks, and thus, are required to hold sufficient capital to ensure their firm, and thus, the system, is protected. As large financial institutions, these banks are subject to both CFTC regulation for their future commission merchant clearing business, as well as bank capital regulations under the oversight of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the OCC. These U.S. bank regulators, consistent with standards set by the Basel Committee, are now implementing a new type of capital provision known as the leverage ratio. Part of the goal of the leverage ratio is to set a simple, non-risk-based floor for capital, including measuring the exposures arising from futures options and other derivatives transactions. Unfortunately, the leverage ratio fails to properly recognize that customer margin posted to a bank-affiliated clearing member offsets the bank's actual exposure to the clearinghouse.    The very nature of customer margin is to reduce the exposure of losses to the clearing member and the clearinghouse. In recent years, the CFTC, under your oversight, has made significant improvements to enhance customer margin to ensure it is always the first line of protection to offset losses during a default. If left unfixed, the leverage ratio will result in an inaccurate measurement of the actual economic exposure of the bank, and assign unwarranted capital charges on its clearing business. This will lead to higher costs for end-users and hedgers in our markets. Given these new capital constraints, bank clearing members are already beginning to limit the amount and types of clients that they accept to clear. We also believe the leverage ratio will lead to further consolidation among clearing members, resulting in fewer players supporting the safety and soundness of the clearinghouse.    In the U.S., clearing members have decreased from 94 clearing firms 10 years ago, to only 55 today. While there are several factors contributing to this consolidation, capital has been recently cited by several clearing member banks who have now exited the clearing business.    Perhaps the most concerning consequence for this Committee surrounds the leverage ratio's impact on a clearinghouse's ability to move or port client positions from a defaulting clearing member to another healthy clearing member during a crisis. If porting cannot be achieved due to capital constraints, clearinghouses will be forced to liquidate in a fire sale client positions during volatile market conditions, adding unnecessary stress to an unstable marketplace. After all, the ability of clearinghouses to move customer positions during the failure of Lehman Brothers in 2008 is one of the fundamental reasons that policymakers in the G20 determined to expand clearing to OTC products.    In closing, I would encourage the U.S. regulatory community to work together through the Basel process in determining how our margin and bank capital regulations can work in context. Without a fix, recent efforts by the G20 to increase the use of clearing may be in jeopardy, and customers in the futures and cleared swaps markets may face higher costs and less access to these risk management markets.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Lukken. Well, in the futures markets, a significant amount of the cleared business runs through a bank-affiliated FCM. If you look at the stats the CFTC puts out, it is somewhere in the order of 87 percent of the cleared products come through bank-affiliated FCMs. And so this is going to have knock-on effects that will affect agricultural customers, who will have to pay more as a result of that. Many of them are using bank-affiliated clearing members to clear some of their business.    In addition, there is less capacity on behalf of these non-bank affiliates. So even though, if they reach a capital constraint because of the leverage ratio, there is not capacity elsewhere to accept these types of positions in non-bank-affiliated FCMs. So these costs will have to be passed on to customers. It's going to be more than a ham sandwich, as Mr. Gellasch indicated. I mean the numbers are significant. We are estimating somewhere in the order currently of $32 to $66 billion of costs will be as a result of this. So those costs will have to be passed on in significant ways to customers.    I would like to make the point too that this is not just talking about swap products that were in the over-the-counter markets that have come into clearing, this is affecting futures products; products that have nothing to do with the financial crisis are now being taxed as a result of these provisions. That affects farms directly and users directly, and should be of concern to this Committee.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. O'Malia, in your testimony, you stated that the impact of the new rules on individual business units or product areas could be disproportionate to the difference between a bank choosing to stay the course or exit the business.    Generally speaking, what drives the banks' capital allocation decisions?    Mr. Lukken. I will take a first shot at that. I mean this is a very important issue for our industry, because it is a global marketplace, as you mentioned. The EU and the United States have reached a tentative agreement on that, and that is still working its way through the European Commission and the European Parliament, but it has to go into effect by a deadline in June. The problem is that there was a lack of transparency and lack of a process involved with this. Something that should have, as you mentioned, taken months, took years in order to work its way through.    That was the derivatives side. The securities side is still not decided. The SEC and the EU have not reached a decision on equivalence on the securities clearinghouse side. So this is still playing itself out. What was as a trade association tried to say is let's develop a process. We have due process here in the United States, the CFTC has to abide by certain APA recognition or APA transparency. There should be a process developed here so the EU and the U.S. can enter into these decisions, people can voice their concerns, and we can quickly get past these things.    But equivalence does not mean exactly the same. Equivalence means that these things are comparable, and we have the same outcomes. That is where we tend to stumble between the EU and the U.S.    Mr. Lukken. I would just----    Mr. Lukken. I mean----    Mr. Lukken. Well, the G20 looked at the example of the futures markets and how well they worked during the financial crisis. And when Lehman Brothers went down, the futures business easily moved to other clearing members that were healthy and able to accept those positions. So that ability to port something from a failing institution to a healthy market participant allowed the markets to function, to price discover during that process, while some of the over-the-counter markets froze up with uncertainty.    And so they looked at that example and said clearing seemed to work during a crisis situation. Let's consider bringing some of these products in a more transparent, regulated environment that allows for daily posting of margin, so when people put on transactions, they are able to put up this performance bond that ensures there is money sitting there, cash money regulated by the CFTC, in case one of those parties defaults. And that is the first line of protection. You talk to any clearinghouse, talk to Chairman Massad of the CFTC, it is always there in a crisis.    And what we are asking is simple math. Recognize that it is always going to be there during a default, and subtract it from the exposure that the bank has to the clearinghouse. It is cash. It is easy to measure. It is simple math. So please do that so that we are not taxing clearing as these products come into this more healthy, regulated environment.    Mr. Lukken. And the effects are not theoretical. We have already had four bank clearing members pull out of the business, citing that capital is too expensive to continue on in this world. There are others on the sidelines that are waiting to determine whether these will be implemented, and whether it will be fixed by the time these provisions go into effect in 2018.    So this has real consequences on end-users. They may have less access to clearing members because there are less choices, and as we see in the numbers I cited, they are decreasing significantly over the last several years. And that will expedite itself if this is not fixed in our community.    I would want to mention too the costs as banks measure this, they measure things in business units. As one of these banks may look at this, they will look at the clearing business itself and realize that the capital that that clearing business has to rent in order to make a return is so expensive because of this lack of an offset that it is just we are not willing to do that within that business unit of the bank. We have other more profitable parts of the bank that we will put that capital towards, whatever that might be.    And so I realize that we talk about some of these costs, but the cost to the clearing business is significant. It is not a hugely profitable part of these banks, and so these types of costs are really bearing down on whether these clearing members decide to stay in the business or not.    Mr. Lukken. I think it is fixed costs. I mean if you can look at whether it is the fixed costs of regulation, more volume is necessary to flow through these intermediaries in order to make it a profitable business. And so you have people who are shuttering businesses, people who are merging, so you are seeing that over that period of time where people are deciding to either just get out of the business itself or to offer to try to merge those businesses in order to get more volume to go through those things.    So that is regulator costs, we realize that, and some of those are very important and needed, don't get me wrong, but it is capital costs and it is this cumulative effect that Scott mentioned. We have to look at all the costs that are being thrown onto this system, and that is going to cause less people to be participating in that system, by definition.    Mr. Lukken. Absolutely.    Mr. Lukken. Yes. We are already seeing certain clearing members divorcing themselves of clients in order to reduce the capital burden in this area. So as I mentioned, some have gotten out of the business. But, beyond that, there are people who are shedding clients, off-boarding them in order to get into compliance with the standards. So yes, yes, it is happening, and yes, it is discouraging clearing.    Mr. Lukken. Absolutely, and that is what we are seeing.    Mr. Lukken. Absolutely. And like I said, this is being viewed from the futures side of the business, which is normally a small part of these institutions. So it is much bigger cost for those business segments than it is for the entirety of the bank, which is having a huge impact.    Mr. Lukken. Well, they are in the midst of--Basel III was implemented in 2010, but there are revisions that are out for comment right now. And, in fact, they have talked about the leverage ratio in that consultation, and they are asking for data on whether that should be fixed.    Europe has taken a different direction on this. Mark Carney, who is the Governor of the Bank of England, has come out with the same concerns that I am talking about today, which is why are we taxing clearing in this capital regime. And so the Europeans are thinking about going their own direction. So if, indeed, Basel decides not to recognize margin in these capital provisions, then Europe may decide to legislate its way out and just not implement the leverage ratio to tax clearing. That would be very harmful for the markets. We are trying to have internationally coordinated standards here through the Basel Committee, and if Europe is going its own way and the U.S. is punitively taxing clearing, that will end up harming U.S. businesses in the long-term.    So there is a process and this is happening over the next several years, but major decisions on this are being made for the next several months, and so today's hearing is very relevant and timely in that regard.    Mr. Lukken. Absolutely. This is an international issue, but international regulators have differences of opinion on this. And so, the fact that there is a disagreement between the market regulator, the CFTC on this, and the Prudential Regulators here in the United States, that may have international consequences on how this standard is put into place internationally.    Mr. Lukken. Well, our hope is that this works its way through the Basel process and there is a satisfactory resolution, but you have Members like Kay Swinburne, Markus Ferber, who I met with last week, as a Member of the Parliament in Europe, Jonathan Hill, the European Commissioner that covers these markets. I mentioned Mark Carney. So there is growing consensus in Europe. I can't predict what their legislature will do there, but there is growing consensus that this is a problem that needs to be fixed one way or another.    Mr. Lukken. Exactly. Like I said, this is simply measuring the actual economic exposure of banks. We are not asking for an exception. To me, this is just measuring it right. Let's measure what the actual risk is and then let's move on.    Mr. Lukken. Exactly.    Mr. Lukken. Yes.    The Chairman. Gentlemen, thank you for being here for this review of the impact of capital and margin requirements on end-users. Before we adjourn, I would like my Ranking Member, Mr. Scott, to make any closing remarks he has.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Well, just very briefly, Mr. Chairman. This has been a very, very important hearing, and a very essential one. But I do hope a message has gone out from us Members in Congress, particularly on this cross-border thing. First, each of you recognize and articulated that this failure to deal with equivalency situation with the EU definitely puts the American businesses, manufacturers, end-users, and all of those, clearinghouses, at a distinct competitive disadvantage. And it is my hope, and the reason I stressed this is that I served on this Committee, Ranking Member, mostly on the Financial Services Committee but I am also a Member of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and some of these same people I deal with also deal with the EU. And that is why I want a very strong message going out here today that we need to stop this foolishness with discriminating against American businesses, or else there will be retaliatory moves made.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Scott.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This hearing of the Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit is adjourned.