    Ms. Magee. Good morning.    Thank you, Chairman Marino and Ranking Member Conyers and Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Julie Magee and I am the Alabama Commissioner of Revenue. I am also the chair of the Multistate Tax Commission, as well as secretary of the Board of Trustees for the Federation of Tax Administrators. And it is in my capacity in these organizations today that I'm here. On behalf of them and all of the states that participate, I would like to say we greatly appreciate this opportunity and hope that our testimony here, which is provided in more detail in written form, is helpful.    The Subcommittee is considering legislation that would have a substantial impact on state taxing systems, tax administration, and enforcement. We realize there are always going to be those who would like Congress to regulate state taxation. That is why we appreciate the fact that this Committee and Congress in general has been very cautious over the years in responding to these calls for Federal involvement.    I just want to briefly point out the most critical problems these bills present. That obviously means that I will be focusing on the negatives, and I apologize. But we hope that it helps this Committee understand why we oppose these bills.    First, let me address the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Fairness and Simplification Act. This bill restricts state imposition of income state and tax withholding on wages for nonresident employees working in the states. Just like every major country that has an income tax including this one, states impose income tax on nonresidents. Those nonresidents then get to take a credit against taxes imposed by their home country or state. This bill would prevent states from taxing any employee that is in the state for less than 6 weeks regardless of how much that employee makes. This bill also essentially makes employer withholding and recordkeeping voluntary for many nonresident workers.    For my role as a tax administrator and any other tax commissioner will tell you, including the head of the IRS, that having employers withhold taxes on wages and keep records is the key mechanism to making our income tax system function. We understand that it wouldn't be reasonable to require withholding for nonresident employees who are only in a state for a few days during the year. That's why revenue departments rarely, if ever, make an issue out of it.    At the Multistate Tax Commission, we recognize that there was a potential issue for some employers and we developed a model law which we have recommended to the states. It would impose a 20-day threshold, would not apply to high wage employees, would require employer recordkeeping, but would not require withholding for less than 20 days. And we've said this publically many times before. We would be happy to join hands with industry and go to our state legislatures and get this model law enacted.    The second bill I want to address is the Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act. This bill is very complex and has been studied by our organization and others. As for the special protections in this bill, I would just note that states have not taxed digital goods and services more than other products. If anything, they've taxed them much less. But, more important is the effect of the sourcing rules. Congress has imposed a uniform sourcing rule on a state sales tax once before and the area of mobile telecommunication services called the Mobile Telecommunications Sourcing Act.    Both that act and this bill basically say that only one state can tax the sale of something; generally the destination state. But unlike the Mobile Telecom Act, this bill does not grant the destination state the authority to require collection of the tax from a seller that doesn't have physical presence in the state. And as you know, that the states can't collect tax from remote sellers like Internet sellers has become a huge problem for the states.    If the bill prevents the origin state from taxing the sale and doesn't grant the destination state the authority to do so, then most sales of digital products will escape any tax.    Finally, and most importantly, I want to express our deep concerns for the Business Activity Tax Simplification Act. This bill has been around a long time. And as you know, the National Governors Association has said that the CBO's office estimate of the physical impact on the states which could be $2 to $3 billion for the first year is just the tip of the iceberg. No state that imposes a business or corporate income tax doubts that they will see substantial erosion of the tax base if this bill were to be enacted.    This bill creates a tax-free zone for big, multistate, multinational companies and allows them to use tax strategies to shift income as to avoid state taxes all together. What this means is that mostly smaller, domestic, local businesses that can't lower their taxes by engaging in income shifting will ultimately be at a disadvantage. And from an administrative standpoint, it also means the states are at a disadvantage because the main problems of enforcement in the business tax area are coming up in the context of these big multinational entities which have great resources to engage in tax planning and are located at other parts of the country or the world.    As with the Mobile Workforce bill, the commission is also recognized that there could be an issue here, especially for the smaller businesses. So again, the commission has proposed a solution in the form of a model act that creates a responsibility file only when a business exceeds a certain amount of sales into the state. A few states have enacted this model already. Tennessee did so most recently.    Again, we'll be more than happy to go to the state legislatures and promote this legislation.    Yes, sir.    Ms. Magee. Thank you.    Mr. Magee. Without objection, of course.    Ms. Magee. Well, with regards to income tax, the State of Alabama almost, as totally coupled with IRS regulations. So there is a lot of consistency already on the books and that is pretty common nationwide.    So most states do adhere and couple to the IRS regs. So if a corporation is following IRS rules regarding its certain taxing issue than they are also following the states.    Ms. Magee. The state percentage is very, very small, bear in mind, compared to the Federal income tax amount. Our effective rate in Alabama for corporations is about 3 percent.    Ms. Magee. I have not seen Chaffetz bill yet. So I am told it looks pretty similar to Marketplace Fairness Act and we strongly support Marketplace Fairness Act.    We have had consumer's use tax on the books in Alabama since 1936. The tax is owed. It is a field on the individual income tax return for every taxpayer in our state to complete, to fill out, how many dollars they spent on remote sales in order to calculate the tax. It is a mandate that has been on the books since 1936.    What we are asking now is that you pass a law that requires the retailers to collect and remit the tax to the states in a simple way. They are already doing it now. We have hundreds of thousands of accounts in Alabama that are already remitting use accounts. And what we have, of course stores that have nexus, but we also have voluntary remittance because some of the retailers don't want to program their shopping cart twice. They want to program it once.    So we are already receiving, from voluntary remitters, this use tax that is legally owed. We are just asking the retailer environment be directed by Congress to remit it to the states in a simple way.    Ms. Magee. No, sir, it does not. Ms. Magee. That is correct, sir. That is the law.    Ms. Magee. Well, because of the Quill decision, yes, sir.    Mr. Magee. No, sir.    And I think you will find great support for a uniform auditing methodology as marketplace fairness had in it. I think that the states----    Ms. Magee. Oh, absolutely. Thank you.    You know, I have never been a big fan of passing a tax because the state needs the revenue. I am more of a fairness person. And I think the issue here is an unequal playing field for the brick and mortar versus the Internet retailer, or the online remote seller. So I would not want to say, Alabama, it needs this law because we need a $100 million for the general fund. That is true and it would probably bring anywhere from $100 and $175 million per year into our state, city, and county coffers. But that is not my point here today.    My point for all state administrators is that we don't like to pass taxes or incur new regulations just to plug a funding gap. We think it is a fairness issue. We want to treat all business owners with an equal manner. And right now, there is not an equality issue when it comes to having a brick and mortar store in Alabama or any other state that has a sales tax.    Ms. Magee. Since 1936.    Ms. Magee. We definitely do. It is called showrooming.    And so, it is incredibly unfair because they are paying, the local business paying property tax, they are paying payroll tax, they are employing our citizens. And yet, the profit margin is being increased for the online retailer than the brick and mortar retailer. So it is definitely a huge problem.    We are seeing a great erosion of our sales tax base and it is only because of the way the product is distributed. The product is exactly that same pair of tennis shoes. But the way it is distributed means the state, cities, and counties lose out on that sales tax we would have otherwise received. Except for the consumer who technically owes a tax and we will still ask them for that tax, but can you imagine tracking down that kind of volume in order to get the same tax revenue had the retailer just collected it at point-of-sale.    Ms. Magee. We don't oppose it, but we would prefer the model MTC comm that each state adopted.    Ms. Magee. Yes, it would be.    Ms. Magee. On this issue we believe is that the state should adopt it not Congress.    Ms. Magee. Well, I mean, there is no doubt in anyone's mind that simplification is the best way to go. We don't want to have to deal with so W-2s, for example, which is an extremely rare, rare case. But we do need to keep up with the income being our in our state and this is one way to do that.    It is not a burning issue in the State Department of Revenue across the Nation. This is rarely ever anything that comes up.    Ms. Magee. Well, I can't argue with you there, sir.    States certainly tweak and model to the point you don't recognize anymore. But we really do--our effort and our goal is not to over complicate things. We don't choose to do that.    Ms. Magee. Well, it is. But we have, like Alabama has, a free online filing system for any employee to file a nonresident return, free of charge. It is a very simple process they can use.    So the states have gone to measures to make it simpler.    Ms. Magee. Well, historically the recordkeeping is done by the employer and the employer remits those records annually to each Department of Revenue and to the IRS. That is a very valuable source of information. Number one, we use it more often than not to prevent fraud. It is our key purpose over the next couple of years to use this information sooner and faster both from IRS level and the state level to prevent refund fraud. So the getting the W-2s is very, very important for the income tax return.    And then, secondly, I mean it is a burden on the employee if they have to do this themselves. In corporations have departments that specialize in handling this sort of processing. This act makes it voluntary to the employee to do this. And so, that is why the model is something we prefer because it doesn't make it--the employer would still be the person, entity, in charge of that.    Ms. Magee. Yes, sir. But their compliance has not been something they have created an issue over, in my opinion, over the 4 years of being commissioner. I have not had employers complain to us about keeping up with W-2s. It is part of the IRS process, part of the state process.    Ms. Magee. The electronic world has changed so much. It has really simplified things so much to be able to file these things electronically.