    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you very much, Mr. Forbes. And thank you for the courtesy of allowing me to participate.    This is the fourth hearing that I have been in in the last couple of months that deals with this issue.    And Mr. Chairman, you may want to add to your record the hearing record of those other committees. I think it would be useful in that all of those committees' hearings have all come to the same point, and that is that we have a national security issue here, a very, very serious one.    The House Armed Services Committee usually winds up talking about national security and the risks that we run. This is a real one and it is happening in real time.    And I thank you very much for your questions, Mr. Chairman. They were right on. And most of the questions I would ask, you have already done.    I just maybe kind of weave this together from this hearing and other hearings.    Mr. Jaenichen, is it about cargo? Is it really about cargo, that these ships, if they are going to be able to maintain, they have to have cargo? The food aid has been reduced, Ex-Im Bank has been reduced, and the military's been reduced. Some of those are policy, some of those are fortunately the wars have ground down a bit.    Is it cargo?    Mr. Garamendi. Okay. And we have talked extensively about the mariners and the average age of the mariners, licensing issues, and the ships that are not available for the mariners to be on. And I won't go into that except that that is obviously a problem here.    It seems to me that what we have is a government and administration that is not looking at all of the pieces of this puzzle and weaving them together in a way that is sensible, both for national security, for jobs, for the shipyards, and the like.    We know that there is a threat on the Jones Act, which testimony already on the record today about the importance of the Jones Act for all the pieces of this puzzle.    We know that the USAID is determined to cash out the commodity portion of the Food for Peace. We have had testimony here today about the downward pressure that that puts on the maritime industry.    We know that at the moment the Ex-Im Bank is not operable and that there are problems there. And thankfully, we do not have the need at the moment for the military that we have had in the past.    We need to get this together.    Mr. Forbes, your hearing is extremely important, together with the other hearings. And I think as we go through the policy questions and the NDAA and as we talk to the Foreign Affairs Committee, we need to make it very, very clear that this is a national security issue.    Your committee is on this. I know that Mr. Hunter and the Coast Guard Maritime Committee are also on it.    But I think we can weave together here a very compelling argument to sustain the MSP, the Ready Reserve Force, and the mariners that go with it by pushing the Food for Peace back to $75 .    One more question. Where does the $25 million come from, Mr. Jaenichen?    Mr. Garamendi. Last year that money came from the Food for Peace program. Is this different this year?    Mr. Garamendi. Was the Food for Peace program reduced by the 25?    Mr. Garamendi. It is just very curious that instead of sending food and we are now taking money out of the food program and circulating it back to the MSP program. It doesn't make much sense to me.    Mr. Garamendi. I think we would be better off shipping food and keeping the mariners busy, keeping the ships busy, rather than providing what basically is a welfare program that may or may not keep the mariners busy. It depends whether those ships get laid up or not.    Mr. Garamendi. Money is fungible and it moves.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your committee. And you are onto something very, very important here.    Know that the Subcommittee on Transportation is with you to try to sort this out.