    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much. And I appreciate that very much, Mr. Chairman, to have a moment. This is her last week. And she will be sorely missed, and an institutional memory, and a drive for the issues, and a passion for the issues that we have jurisdiction over in this committee. It is a loss, but she leaves with a legacy of accomplishment, hard work, and, more importantly, having trained many Members of Congress that sit in this dais. Some of her class are doing well. And we are going to miss her deeply, sorely, and my colleagues and the staff that she has worked with, present and past, are all going to join in not only acknowledging her, but thanking her profoundly for the contributions she has made to this committee and to the issues we confront here. Thank you so much.    The Chairman. We wish you well in your further endeavors because, let's face it, anything has to be better than this.    The Chairman. I am now going to recognize myself for an opening statement, and then we will go to the Ranking Member, then to the Vice Chair and the designee of the Ranking Member.    The Chairman. This is the first in what I plan to have as a series of oversight hearings this committee will undertake on policies involving the National Environmental Policy Act, a law that was enacted 45 years ago, before many here were born, and hasn't been revised since that time.    The focus of today's hearing is the White House Council on Environmental Quality's sweeping draft guidance on greenhouse gas emissions. On its face, the draft guidance acknowledges that it is not legally enforceable. Some may say that means it is unlawful. Despite not being legally enforceable, curiously, CEQ claims that the guidance will facilitate compliance and improve efficiency and consistency of existing NEPA reviews--literally, thousands of reviews annually.    Based upon the Federal Government's track record on NEPA, I am highly dubious, but will listen closely to the testimony today for evidence on whether or not that is, indeed, the case.    This draft guidance set the stage for potential sweeping Federal overreach, by pushing agencies to examine greenhouse gas emissions that are beyond their ability to control or regulate the impacts, including the vast array of all upstream and downstream impacts. The draft guidance is overly broad, expansive, it goes outside the scope of NEPA. Otherwise, it is OK. For NEPA to work correctly, Federal agencies must be able to affect the outcome of the proposed projects.    But the draft guidance goes far beyond what an agency can control. The results will force more delays, more costs onto economic and energy-related activities nationwide, and uncertainty for those who want to balance the needs important to all Americans with protecting the environment. The draft guidance would even frustrate the Administration's other goals, such as modernizing the Nation's electric grid, to improve energy reliability and resiliency.    The trend for this Administration seems to be that the end justifies the means, regardless of whether the law allows it. This draft guidance is the latest case in point. CEQ states as a fact that ``Many agency NEPA analyses have concluded that greenhouse gas emissions from an individual agency action will have small, if any, potential climate change effects. Government action occurs incrementally, program by program and step by step, and climate impacts are not attributable to any single action, but are exacerbated by a series of smaller decisions, including decisions made by the government.''    Even though they say that, CEQ then concludes that being a small impact is not a good-enough reason not to consider everything that could possibly impact any climate change in any NEPA analysis. Federal agencies have jurisdictional limits. They cannot possibly consider the entire range of climate impacts of things outside their jurisdiction under existing NEPA guidelines.    CEQ acknowledges the limits of the guidance when it says, ``This guidance is not a rule or regulation, it does not change or substitute for any law, regulation, or other legally binding requirement. It is not legally enforceable, and does not establish legally binding requirements in and of itself.'' Which begs the question, ``Then why do it? ''    Clearly, for an administration that advocates climate change policies as more pressing than national security threats, the answer is, regardless of its enforceability, the end justifies the means. They could not get the cap and trade passed by Congress, so now they address climate change by forcing it through the NEPA process by unlawful guidance.    CEQ is bound by the statutes. Therefore, any environmental review conducted by an agency is bound by the statutorily prescribed mission and jurisdiction limits of the permitting agency. In the absence of congressional action to expand the scope of the environmental review for Federal agencies by expanding their jurisdiction, agencies, including CEQ, are stuck with the recognition that greenhouse gas emissions from an individual Federal agency action will have small, if any, potential climate change effects.    Numerous and exhaustive NEPA analyses agree, and imposing hugely costly and lengthy new analyses will not change that. With that, I kind of look forward to hearing from our witnesses today, and hope that the Obama administration will recognize this guidance should be withdrawn.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me. And I want to thank our witnesses for being here today. I would like to extend a special welcome to the Managing Director of CEQ, Christy Goldfuss, who is making her first appearance before the committee in her new role. I know she will find this appearance memorable for its pleasant tone, civility, and the thoughtful discourse that will occur.    Mr. Grijalva. I want the Managing Director--who used to be a member of the Democratic staff on this committee when I chaired the National Parks and Public Lands Subcommittee. I know she will do an excellent job, and keep our country on the right course in responding to climate change and other pressing environmental challenges that we face.    Mr. Chairman, I hope this hearing is not intended to undermine and mischaracterize the National Environmental Policy Act, which remains one of our Nation's bedrock environmental laws. I also hope that the misguided task forces and investigation we have seen before, aimed at proving that NEPA and other laws somehow stifle our economy and limit our freedoms, are a thing of the past.    Mr. Chairman, in your chairmanship, and the recognition by the committee in our first meeting in January that climate change does exist, I hope with that we have entered a new era with respect to understanding NEPA's value to our communities, our environment, and our economy.    NEPA shines a light on proposed government actions and helps local citizens provide new information and ideas, improve projects, and ensure sustainable decisionmaking. It helps Federal authorities consider a range of alternatives, often resulting in lower cost to the public. NEPA provides for environmental justice, helping communities that cannot afford expensive lobbyists to protect their lands and their values. This is especially important when agencies consider the effects of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.    Climate change is hitting poor communities, communities of color, our rural communities, and our most disenfranchised people the hardest. America is living in vulnerable areas, and those with fewest resources to help them adapt or recover quickly are already bearing the brunt: one of the various social costs of climate change that is not being adequately analyzed and addressed.    I congratulate the Administration and the Council on Environmental Quality on issuing this very appropriate revised guidance. In my opinion, it is long overdue. I urge CEQ to review the many comments it has received, and issue a final draft as soon as possible.    This guidance will provide for better, more informed and more efficient Federal decisions. It will produce consistent Federal decisions on evaluating climate change impacts, while accommodating each agency's unique processes. The guidance makes clear that Federal agencies must factor greenhouse gas emissions and climate change into their decisions. This is just common sense. Arguing that they fall outside the scope of NEPA analyses is like denying the existence of climate change itself; it is dangerous for our health, for our economy, and for our national security. Campaigns to convince the American people we have nothing to do with climate change will not slow the pace of actual climate change at all.    Climate change will only be slowed by efforts to reduce carbon pollution, to accelerate the inevitable transition to a clean energy economy, to create millions of good-paying jobs for those who need them the most in the green economy, and to put our faith in the American track record of innovation.    Insurance companies, the Department of Defense, FEMA, states, cities, towns, and counties are all assessing the risk of climate change and emissions as part of their business and the function of delivering public services. I don't think it is wrong for our agencies to do the same.    Again, I thank the witnesses for being here today, and I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Clark, your testimony is largely complementary of CEQ guidance. However, let me ask you if you have any concerns about it.    For instance, the one example, there have been questions raised about the upstream and downstream impact provisions, and whether they would require limitless unending analysis. Do you think CEQ needs to provide further clarity on that, with respect to those provisions in the final guidance?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you.    Director, Mr. Clark's response to that question, that provision, any comments on that?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. Mr. Clark, one more question. I know of a number of large companies, including Shell, BP, Exxon Mobil, Wal-Mart, Wells Fargo, Disney, and others have used something akin to a social cost of carbon for their own internal planning to guide their investment strategies and decisions in the future. In fact, even these internal prices, and the social cost of carbon price are similar.    But we have heard criticisms about it from one of the witnesses today. Since major corporations see fit to include a carbon price in their planning, doesn't it make sense that the Federal Government would use that index, as well?    Mr. Grijalva. OK. Yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Lamborn, do you have questions?    Mr. Grijalva. One.    The Chairman. Go ahead.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. One of the witnesses claimed that a key slide has been unchallenged, and I would like unanimous consent to enter into the record several peer-reviewed articles and reports that essentially debunk the contents and the methodology of that slide.    Those are for the record, six articles, including the Royal Society, the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, on and on and on. And I would enter those into the record, if there is no objection.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. The other is the question about the consensus around science, the 97 percent that is, the consensus deniers are saying that that is not true, that it is less than that, that it is the consensus--the information put forward is a defense of that robust number of that 97 percent that--the consensus on the basis of human-caused global warming, and basically, after continued analysis of the protocols, of the methodology, and reviewing everything that has been brought up as questions by deniers of this consensus, reaffirming that that 97 percent is correct.    In addition to that, studies--the National Academy of Science, 33 different countries, all endorsing this consensus, dozens of scientific organizations have endorsed the consensus. And only one has rejected the consensus, the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. Interesting. And even they have now shifted to neutral, when their members threatened to quit the organization if they continued to take such an unscientific position.    I mentioned those, and that, as well, into the record, with no objection.    Then my final question, Mr. Chairman, is for Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you very much for being here. Dr. Christy stated earlier that we shouldn't worry about sea-level rise caused by global warming, but scientists and economists estimated last year that sea-level rise was responsible for an additional $2 billion in impacts to New York City. Other places across the country, like Virginia's Chesapeake Bay counties, and the Louisiana coast, are similarly at risk.    Doesn't it make sense to ensure that government at least isn't making the problem worse by buying a building, allowing a project to go forward, building flood protection where it is not going to do any good, and waste taxpayers' dollars? Isn't this the whole point of this guidance?    Mr. Grijalva. I yield back, and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Let me ask, then, my last couple of questions, if I could. And since there was--I was going to object to the articles that were put in, because I also have three articles that discuss the 97 percent claim and the problems with it, about the consensus of the climate. So, with unanimous consent, I would like to put those in the record, as well.    This is going to be an entire magazine before we are done with this record.    Ms. Goldfuss, when do you expect these recommendations, your recommendations, to be finalized?