    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Thank you very much. And a very good evening to you, Chairman Duncan, Chairman Salmon, and Member Sires.    My contribution comes at a very----    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Is this better?    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Thank you very much.    My contribution comes at a very fortuitous time. It is the culmination of a 4-year inquisition that has just concluded in relation to the formidable strategic progress that China has been making in both hemispheres, so that the statement on hand will be confined to the following: I shall describe China's engagement with the Caribbean, why Caribbean countries are interested in Beijing, its objectives in the Caribbean and success to date, a description of the economic relations, and recommendations to the honorable Congress.    China is now the third-largest investor in the Caribbean, with the United States and the European Union occupying the two top spots. Its share of foreign investment regionally is an estimated 9 percent with trade volume of U.S., which is $156 billion.    Given this fairly modest quantum, in order to make sense of the region's magnetism to Beijing, we need to take stock of its strategic and ideological significance, bearing in mind that the Caribbean is part of the wider inter-American landscape, the history and character of which is uniquely circumscribed by legal and political instruments in principle and practice that has helped to shape this environment.    The PRC is, in contrast, unconversant with these aphorisms. If only for this reason, their engagements will have serious repercussions, potentially so, that can very well challenge the political culture and democratic traditions and values of our hemisphere.    In order to understand Beijing's ambitions, we need to keyhole its interests. And these are essentially as follows in 11 short points: Sourcing and consolidating cheap supplies of food to sustain its burgeoning population.    Gaining comparative advantage along key trading routes. The Caribbean, as already alluded, takes the form of the port development projects, and it forms part of key chokepoints that are vital to Western Hemisphere trade and defense concerns.    Gaining access to raw materials and vital resources in anticipation of the looming problem of a worldwide resource scarcity in fuels, metals, and minerals.    Infiltrating fuel markets through asset acquisition, as demonstrated in parts of the mainland, like Colombia and Venezuela.    Securing access to reserves of natural gas, which positions Trinidad and Tobago an ideal strategic partner.    Accessing and utilizing large areas of fertile land in promising locations, such as mainland Guyana, Suriname, and Belize.    Diversifying and consolidating its commercial portfolio to attain competitive advantage and market supremacy.    Introducing more enticing economic structures for countries to adopt. And this avenue provides a counterweight to the classical neoliberal model.    Gaining a foothold on the U.S. market indirectly through frontline jurisdiction, such as Bahamas and Jamaica.    And opening employment opportunities abroad for its tens of thousands of nationals that have been migrating to the urban areas in China in search of jobs.    I shall now get into the main areas in which the Caribbean has been more or less lured toward engaging with Beijing. These are the constraints that governments in the Caribbean have been constructed with, which causes them to look to Beijing and partner with it: Inflexible fiscal policies; low gross domestic product growth rates; high levels of violent crime and illicit traffic; the inability of our governments to attract development assistance; the increased liberalization of global trade, which has diminished market access; the small size of countries, which depletes from the full benefits of economies of scale; and the failure of intraregional single market arrangements; as well as the increasing costs of energy in the face of fluctuating prices.    Chairman, what I would recommend is that the U.S. and the Caribbean consolidate our deepening strategic relationships, which began in 2010 under the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative. This would essentially mean strengthening the regional security architecture through continued engagement with the United States, similar that has been done under the CBSI initiative, through more deepened security arrangements with our military, with our security and intelligence agencies, as well as interoperability and asset-sharing.    As a result of constraints of time, I would invite you, Chairman, and the rest of the listeners to refer to my most recently published inquisition, which provides compelling support in terms of statistical detail on those areas in which Beijing has been making inroads into the hemisphere. The study is called ``The Twilight of America's Omnipresence,'' and it gives an in-depth analysis of the military inroads, economic inroads, and political inroads being made by Beijing and makes suggestions as to how the United States could strengthen and build its relationship with the Caribbean in order to rebalance itself within the hemisphere.    Thank you, Chairman, for your time.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Thank you very much, Chairman.    Firstly, what escapes us sometimes is that the U.S. does, in fact, have a fairly strong trade relationship with the Caribbean and Latin America. That is a historic relationship. However, the engagement appears to have weakened immediately after the events of 9/11. There was a dropping of the ball, as it were, as America, and rightly so, needed to redirect much of its interest to the Middle East. And that is the period in which China saw as a strategic opportunity. And there is where many of the inroads have been made diplomatically, economically, and culturally.    However, we have a very strong history of interoperability between our respective militaries, you know, and that is something that we should seize upon and consolidate. And one of the things that I had said in my original text is that without security and good governance there could be no chance of economic sustainability.    So we need to revisit that strong history of interoperability, continue to properly fortify the CBSI initiatives, and then build from there in terms of exploring areas that have been falling off in trade, like the CBSI, begin to explore those areas and see how we could improve.    But I am pretty hopeful that it can be done. We have a recent change in political administration in Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago recently, and those very countries had been instrumental in the early 2000s in bringing together a robust security architecture.    So we continue to look to the United States and our colleagues in the military and the security industries to invigorate those types of relationships.    Thank you, Chairman.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Thank you so much, because I did have a list of very, very specific projects in the region, and I am glad I have the opportunity now to elaborate on it.    Just bear with me. Okay. Here we are.    In terms of the specific projects----    Ms. Joseph-Harris. I think I have it here. Yeah.    In relation to Jamaica, the Bahamas, Trinidad and Tobago, Grenada, and Barbados, I have made some very, very specific pointers identifying where these projects were.    In the case of Trinidad and Tobago, the Chinese have built a children's hospital. They have built a national arts performing center.    In the case of Jamaica, they have made huge investments in the sphere of what you will call ``investment critical infrastructure hoteliering.''    In the area of the Bahamas, they have also gone into critical infrastructure, port, and hoteliering.    In Grenada, they have invested considerably in what you will call cultural centers and so.    In Guyana, they have also invested in the bauxite industry, in terms of writing off at least nine major loans.    In Suriname, they have gone into mining.    And it is a long list. And what I am saying, essentially, is that some of these countries, we have to look at the strategic importance. Trinidad and Tobago is a provider of natural gas to the United States. In the case of Guyana, you have gold. In the case of Suriname, you also have gold. In Jamaica, you have bauxite. And this is a materializing of the Chinese quest to go after resources, raw materials, in anticipation of the global looming shortage that is around the bend.    In addition to which, there are ALBA members, members of the Bolivarian Alliance that are also CARICOM, Caribbean community members. And as China allies with many of these countries, it may be very inadvertently empowering the alliance, which is ideologically adverse to American and Western-style neoliberalism and institutions.    So one has to look at the Chinese asymmetric approaches, the way in which they model their diplomacy. They are trading with members of the Caribbean community who are members of the Bolivarian Alliance, empowering them, splitting allegiances, and thereby tilting the balance in terms of the U.S. influence within the region.    Another very interesting area is in what I would look at as the currency wars, asymmetric types of warfare. You may or may not be aware, Chairman, that recently, in July of this year, an agreement was signed with the Bahamian Government and the Chinese to go into arrangements with trading the renminbi. And the possibilities are that other members of the Caribbean community may be able to access trade through that form of currency as distinct from trading with the U.S.    So one has to look at the matrix of indirect relations--currency diplomacy, port diplomacy--and the very unique types of modeling that the Chinese are using that are by no means normal. And these are the areas in which the U.S. influence is gradually being eroded.    Thank you, Chairman.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Thank you. I will get to the crux of it.    What we are looking at, Chairman, is that we are in an ideological war. The member is quite correct, it is ideological. And I would even go so far as to say that the whole idea, the whole notion of a China-U.S. dynamic is ideologically based. And I would cite what I mean by it.    America's ideological apparatus, represented by its globally dispersed network of central banks, international monetary system, multilateral corporations, vis--vis a Chinese facade, where you have no democracy, no rule of law, that brings us in what you call a juxtaposition, it is an ideological face-off.    This is what we are looking at, and that whatever we are looking at ties back to ideas and ideology. And what makes the Caribbean, in particular, vulnerable is the fact that we lack that strong ideological base, save and except for the institutional formidability of the OAS, which is the only strong and true multilateral forum. And that is where we need to look at the institution within the Americas as a countervailing effect against China.    Thank you, Chairman.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Member Yoho, I really, really welcome this part of the discussion. I would like to tag onto what my colleagues said.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. We do, in fact, have a very robust inter-American institutional system under the OAS, and it is very open, sort of poised, positioned to do exactly that, sell the inter-American ideal to the community. And I think there is where we probably dropped the ball and we need to focus there on rebuilding that past. Thank you.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. Member Chabot, thank you very much. In the case of the Caribbean, it has been a rather interesting scenario. Within the CARICOM community, which is a 15-member coalition, we have a situation where there is an absence of what is called an Asian policy. And the Chinese have been very, very successful in penetrating that absence of policy by literally purchasing diplomatic relations in terms of inducing countries to split their allegiance and remove their relationship with Taiwan in favor of Beijing.    And the inducements have been large sums of money, donations, and cash. Less than diplomatic, one would say, but they have been extremely successful in it. So that, currently, there are, I would say, there are still four countries out of CARICOM left, and the Chinese are very aggressive in terms of getting them to withdraw that allegiance with Taiwan. So I would say that they have been very good at it thus far.    Ms. Joseph-Harris. I agree with you on the ineffectiveness of the OAS. I don't want to be misunderstood. But I am saying that there is an institutional framework. It needs to be empowered. It needs to be made effective. I am familiar with the framework because years ago I have been part of experts teams. But I am agreeing with you that a lot needs to be done in order to empower the OAS so that it can be effective. Thank you.