    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There are just so many things we would like to know in this. And when we have 5 minutes, we try to do it very quickly.    Can I just walk through a scenario? Because I am trying to understand flow, and also cost, discounts. The drug cartel sells its illicit products in North America.    First, how does it get the cash back across the border? Is it converting it to gold? Is it carrying suitcases of cash?    Mr. Farah, how are they getting it to Central America first? What would your opinion be?    And then I am going to ask, if they end up in Ecuador, what are they being charged? What is the cost of money laundering? Walk me through a couple of these steps.    Mr. Schweikert. Mr. Farah, how much of that do you think is going to a spiff to some of the government leaders?    Mr. Schweikert. Okay. Let's say I just spent 22 percent to wash my couple million dollars of illicit cocaine money--    Mr. Schweikert. --that has come back into the country. The government has created a charter to allow me to have access to this bank.    What is that president, what is that administration, what is that government, taking off of that?    Mr. Schweikert. Don't we have investigations going on right now in Panama and other areas in regard to certain issues?    Mr. Schweikert. About 3 weeks ago, I was actually in Panama and sat down with the parliamentarian not from Panama, but from one of the countries you have mentioned, and he swears that he actually sat there and watched the check from, ultimately, Iran being deposited and has tried to speak about it publicly and has made very, very little progress.    Dr. Asher, walk me through--because I am trying to get my head around how formalized this is. We had a hearing a couple of years ago that actually talked about that, in Venezuela, there almost was a shopping list of your prices. If you are washing 100-dollar U.S. currency, you sort of pay this, this, this, and this, and here is how it breaks out. Is it that formalized of a corruption?    Mr. Schweikert. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time, and thank you for letting me go a little over.    For many of us, we would love to see some of the charting to understand the movement between bad actors in governments, bad actors in business, and just plain old bad actors, and see that flowchart.