    Ms. DelBene. Thank you Mr. Chair, and thanks to all of you for being here today.    Professor Hammond, I wanted to ask if you are familiar with the U.S. Department of Education's gainful employment rule?    Ms. DelBene. So the gainful employment rule is an attempt to--has been attempted to find gainful employment so that taxpayer-funded financial aid for career education programs is actually going to students who are really being trained for real careers, and attempt to deal with some of the challenges that they've seen, especially with for-profit colleges. I bring that up, because when the Department of Education first put the rule in place, it was challenged and struck down. But in that case, the judge did uphold the Department of Education's authority to issue regulations enforcing the gainful employment requirement in the relevant statute.    The judge commented that, ``The Department had gone looking for rats in rat holes as the statute empowers it to do.'' The Department of Education went back to the drawing board, and after notice and comment, put forward a revised rule, and that rule was upheld in court just last week. Now, it seems--it seems that this is a pretty good example of the process working well, where a problem impacting families was identified, the relevant agency acted within the authority that Congress granted it, and through a transparent and accountable process, a solution was formed. So I wondered if you think that we put--do we put this process at stake if we start tinkering with the current legal framework by putting together piecemeal legislation?    Ms. DelBene. So do you think that it's possible that legislation could actually create new or, you know, worse, in some cases, legal uncertainties in cases where the agency rulemaking actually seeks to, and clarify in this case, an ambiguous part of the law that Congress chose not to define?    Ms. DelBene. And in--so if we, in Congress, want to be crystal clear and preempt agency rulemaking on a particular point in legislation, obviously, we can do that through careful and considered drafting ourselves? Isn't that correct?    Ms. DelBene. Professor Pierce, I wondered if you had a comment on this, on the rulemaking example I brought up, and also on whether you think legislation can be helpful or would create more uncertainty?    Ms. DelBene. My time has expired.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chair.