    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much. Thank you, Madam Chair, and the Ranking Member. And thank you so much for your testimony, for your thoughts and ideas in this.    I had so much to say, or questions that I had to ask, but I was really taken by the last line of questioning, and the discussion about symptoms and what the underlying symptoms are. Recognizing in my own life that so many of the friends that I grew up have not had the success that life has given me, and so much of it had not to do with responsibility but just sheer luck and being in the right place, because everybody wanted to be responsible and everybody wanted to have those opportunities, but they don't always come. They particularly don't always come in the areas that this country has completely forgotten about, or have neglected because they want to have policies that satisfy their own personal needs but don't put food in children's stomachs. And so the symptom is us, not the irresponsibility of parents. But for those of us that have excess food, and food being in abundance in this country, that there are children who do not eat, who cares if their parents are not working. If children don't eat, that is an indictment on all of us.    So, Dr. Haskins, I wanted to ask you a question. You talked about jobs and the responsibility, and that indeed it is very, very important for people to have jobs, not only to receive the funding, because having jobs makes people feel like fulfilled individuals, and I think that most people want that feeling. I agree there are some who do not, but as a general whole, most Americans, most people throughout the world require that.    What do we do in the instances where we have a district or an area that has a 31 percent child poverty rate, and in some areas in that area there is an 18 percent unemployment rate, how do you fulfill the need for people to have jobs in areas like that?    Ms. Plaskett. And what if----    Ms. Plaskett. So we just have a----    Ms. Plaskett. Yes. And then aside from that, what are other ways that they could be able to get food, I know that some places have the waiver, but if the waiver is not available, what do we do then? For those people who are going to be, for a sustained period of time, on these programs.    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Dr. Haskins.--if you can't find a job, we are going to give you a job, and you get paid the minimum wage for that job so there would be motivation to try to get out of the job.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Dr. Haskins.--and earnings, then you can get these benefits in the work support system and you would be much better off.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    And, Dr. Ratcliffe, it is really important for us on this Subcommittee and the Committee as a whole to have a detailed reporting from you about the impediments that occur to families and to those children who have these food issues, particularly the economic, the long-term economic detriment to the individuals. I was really encouraged and interested in seeing the educational parameters and the impediments that happen to those educationally. Are there other areas, even their own relationships, the next generation, those things seem to me very important? Thank you.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. The chair recognizes----    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you for your indulgence.    The Chairwoman. Not a problem. The chair recognizes Mr. Aguilar, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Plaskett. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for your testimony, and for the information that you have disseminated.    Ms. Plaskett. Despite some of the things that I hear, I am going to just stick to what I originally thought I was going to ask as questions. One of the factors that contributes to hunger in the United States is related to food deserts. Can you talk about that a little bit, and has the Commission looked at this issue of food deserts, and how do you factor that in? And have you, if you have looked at it, made recommendations as to how to address it?    Ms. Plaskett. Did you look at--you talked about places like New Mexico----    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And the other discussion----    Ms. Plaskett. One second. We are--do you have a----    Ms. Plaskett. Well, I mean, places in this city itself, Washington, D.C., Chicago, all of those corner stores take food stamps. But do they provide fruit and vegetables at a reasonable price, or at all, to the people that are in those communities----    Ms. Plaskett. Did you have any thoughts, or do you have any thoughts about how that can be addressed?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Dr. Chilton.--healthier choices. So we did look into it. We don't know necessarily what that is going to do about reducing food insecurity, but we did look into it. We make one minor recommendation on that.    Ms. Plaskett. And will your report include information related to the U.S. territories, Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, which have enormous food issues, with having to import a great amount of food, as well as high rates of poverty?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. And because I am who I am, and I can't help myself from asking in response to other questions I heard, you talked some time ago about racial disparities. What are some of those? You didn't go into specifics about what those racial disparities are. What are the factors that cause greater food insecurity in some communities, minority communities, as opposed to other minority communities?    Ms. Plaskett. The question----    Ms. Plaskett.--why.    Dr. Chilton.--evidence--there is good evidence to demonstrate that there is discrimination in access to safe and affordable housing, and to access to jobs, et cetera, but we did not get into it in any kind of a deep way. Again, we felt like it was beyond our Commission's call to look at the nutrition assistance programs, but we do acknowledge it as something that is very important. So American Indians, who are often isolated, who have a history of colonization, racial discrimination, also have some major issues and major problems with the nutrition assistance programs, access to housing, et cetera. Housing and hunger go together.    Ms. Plaskett. Housing, and job opportunities, and discrimination in jobs may lead to some of this, as opposed to----    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentlelady's time has expired. Mr. Davis, 5 minutes.