    Mr. Hunter. Good morning, Chairman Denham, Ranking Member Capuano, members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the California high-speed rail construction program.    I am the president of the State Building and Construction Trades Council of California. I am an iron worker by trade and spent 27 years working in the field building skyscrapers and bridges throughout California. Our council represents in excess of 400,000 skilled and trained California construction workers, including 48,000 apprentices that have graduated or the equivalent from California high schools.    Each and every one of these workers work for private construction companies building our harbors, airports, water treatment plants, freeways, transit systems, dams, as well as the vast majority of commercial and residential projects throughout the State.    These contractors that we work for need a streamlined, highly trained, competent work force to compete, using the least amount of people, building projects in the shortest timeframe, done once, done right, under the lowest bid.    The workforce that we represent drives the economy of California. They set aside a portion of their hourly wage for their pension and medical benefits and even in retirement are not a burden to the State or the Federal Government.    I am very proud to report that at this very moment, several hundred of these workers, who are residents of the Central Valley, are on the job building the high-speed rail in the Central Valley. This is an area where, during the Great Recession, we have had unemployment in excess of 60 percent, and the Valley itself has been a traditionally--has had some of the highest unemployment statewide in the general population. Now these workers are building the high-speed rail system that will transform the Valley and all of California.    Of course, I am happy that these workers are earning a paycheck, supporting their families, and driving the economy. But I am also gratified that they are creating a third mode of transportation, something that California desperately needs right now and that will greatly benefit the people of the State of California for generations to come.    Furthermore, the project is being built efficiently and economically. The best value bids for the first construction packages have ranged from 13 to 45 percent below the engineer's estimated cost, resulting in savings of hundreds of millions of dollars so far.    Decades from now, I believe California will look back with gratitude at the vision of this generation's leaders, whose foresight resulted in a magnificent, efficient high-speed rail system, less congestion on our roads, airports, and a healthier environment. We simply cannot afford to not build this vitally important infrastructure project.    California's transportation system is already overtaxed, and our population will pass 50 million by mid-century. Doing nothing will ultimately cost far more than building this essential system today. High-speed rail is the only viable means of making sure our transportation infrastructure can meet our growing demand.    Continuing to build more and more freeways and airports would be more expensive, more environmentally damaging, and less efficient for moving millions of Californians up and down the State.    In fact, the nonpartisan Legislative Analyst's Office has reported that the project would, and I am quoting, ``alleviate the need to build over 3,000 miles of freeway, and 5 airport runways and 90 new departure gates--at a cost of nearly $100 billion--that would otherwise be necessary to accommodate interstate travel by 2030.''    By saving $100 billion, the project pays for itself. To remove any doubt, just look at the spectacular success of high-speed rail around the world. We have learned from places like Spain, France, China, Germany, Japan, and many other countries that high-speed rail is the more efficient and preferred mode of transportation between population centers between 100 and 500 miles. That is precisely the corridor California's high-speed rail will serve.    High-speed rail is working breathtakingly well everywhere else in the world. California needs its great benefits even more. As the 2008 ballot summary language points out, high-speed rail will provide long-distance commuters with a safe, convenient, affordable, clean and reliable alternative to driving and high gas prices. It will reduce traffic congestion on California's highways and at the State's airports. It will reduce California's dependence on foreign oil. It will reduce air pollution and global warming greenhouse gases. It will provide fast, time-saving connections between California's major population hubs. It will bring thousands of good jobs to working families across the State.    We cannot afford to fall behind the rest of the country, the rest of the world. Our State needs the economic, environmental, and quality-of-life benefits of a third mode of a clean, fast, mass transit system to meet the needs of our children and grandchildren just as generations before us paid for and built the infrastructure that has supported today's population and economy. We need to build this system.    I would say that we have built the infrastructure of California, the building trades, for over 130 years. We were criticized heavily on the Golden Gate Bridge. It was the first bridge to nowhere. The Hoover Dam----    Mr. Hunter. The Hoover Dam was a boondoggle that was going to bankrupt the country.    Thank you, sir.    Mr. Hunter. Measure our L.A. County $40 billion half-cent sales tax for a transit system because we had none. Everybody wanted the local people in there. They wanted no tax on their sales. We are not getting it from the State or the Federal Government. We negotiated an agreement for the percentage of workers to be in this from the L.A. County. Just like this agreement, we negotiated preference for kids in the foster care system, for veterans, and for people who were on social services.    These contractors are private contractors. They are going to use the least amount of people. They are going to do it in the least amount of time. We have no seniority. They want the most streamlined workforce. We negotiated at the end of this agreement a preference for zip codes from the Central Valley. I myself have been up and down from the Central Valley----    Mr. Hunter. I am aware of none of that. We looked pretty closely. The people who are on the books live in the zip codes of the area, Merced and Fresno.