    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, it is a pleasure to have you here again.    I want to talk about the ultimate goal of FSOC. FSOC's goal is to reduce risk in the market, is it not?    Mr. Ross. And financial stability could be accomplished with the elimination of risk too, which I don't think that is the ultimate goal, because without risk you have no return of course.    Mr. Ross. Thank you. And let's talk about stability, because in gaining stability we need to make sure that our institutions have a proper road map. And right now we have a designation of a SIFI that leads to an institution now trying to find out how they get out. And I give you credit for what happened in February with some of the transparency rules that you promulgated and an opportunity every 5 years to try to get a decertification, if you will, of being a SIFI.    My concern is, why don't we have in place a road map, a precautionary measure to prevent them from ever being designated as a SIFI?    Mr. Ross. True. True. But are we not focusing on more of a treatment for the cure instead of giving the prevention of the problem.    Mr. Ross. And it should be done--    Mr. Ross. It should be done that way. But, again, in a proactive way, if these firms being looked at were given some guidance to prevent them from ever going over the cliff, we wouldn't have to have--    Mr. Ross. --the designation.    Let me move into something really quickly here on asset managers, because I think asset managers are pretty important, and I have some concerns about them being declared SIFIs.    For example, in Dodd-Frank, it says that some of the criteria to include are leverage, the extent and nature of the off-balance-sheet exposure of the companies, the amount and types of liabilities of the company, including the degree of reliance on short-term funding.    Let's talk about leverage. What is a leverage ratio that you would consider to be worrisome? 30 to 1?    Mr. Ross. So smaller would be better.    Mr. Ross. And knowing that, 5 to 1 may even be a little bit of a concern.    Mr. Ross. Correct.    Mr. Ross. When asset managers will not--they won't have a greater than 1\1/2\-to-1 risk--in fact, I think Vanguard has 1.04-to-1 risk, which is about almost minuscule--it would seem to me that should be a consideration that would prevent them from even being considered a SIFI. Would you agree?    Mr. Ross. But they don't really contain risk. Asset managers don't contain risk. They are basically--they don't even have any collateral as such to have risk.    Mr. Ross. But the leverage is very minuscule.    Let me just go into this, if I can. Once you are a SIFI, then you become jointly and severally liable for all SIFIs, do you not? If one fails, then everybody that is a SIFI bears the brunt of that?    Mr. Ross. The SIFIs themselves will bail out the SIFIs.    Mr. Ross. Okay.    Let me move on, then, to what the impact is if an asset manager were to be deemed a SIFI. You, of course, realize the cost of compliance, but, most importantly, asset managers deal in mutual funds, they deal in 401(k)s, they deal in investments that deal with people's retirements and pensions.    And there is a study out there by the American Action Forum that indicated that the capital requirements necessary if an asset manager was deemed a SIFI could raise the cost as much as 25 percent, that over the life of that program for the retiree could be over $100,000.    Will that not be taken into consideration when trying to determine whether or not they are a SIFI?    Mr. Ross. But it is having a significant impact--    Mr. Ross. --on the mom-and-pop--    Mr. Ross. I agree with you. I just think it would be a good preventive measure to do it in conjunction with the institution so that they can prevent that risk from ever being taken--    Mr. Ross. --and ultimately continue in a very stable financial environment.    Mr. Ross. Very strongly. Yes, sir.    I see my time is up. I will yield back.