    Mr. Whitney. Good afternoon, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to represent the Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management, and to discuss the positive program achievements to date and what we plan to accomplish under the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request.    Our request for $5.818 billion will allow the EM program to continue to make safe cleanup of the environmental legacy a priority, a legacy that was brought about from five decades of nuclear weapons development and government-sponsored nuclear energy research. The request includes $5.055 billion for defense environmental cleanup activities; an additional $472 million for the defense contribution to the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund; a total of $542 million for the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund cleanup activities; and $220 million for non-defense environmental cleanup activities.    We continue to make significant cleanup progress. We have produced nearly 4,000 canisters of vitrified high-level waste at Savannah River Site in South Carolina, converting it to a solid glass form suitable for long-term storage or permanent disposal. This is about half the sludge in the Savannah River Site tanks.    At Hanford, we have completed the bulk of the river corridor cleanup project, including more than 500 facilities and 1,000 remediation sites.    The fiscal year 2016 budget request will allow us to continue to make significant progress in our ongoing cleanup priorities of liquid tank waste treatment, and recovery of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant . For example, the Idaho National Laboratory, the request supports operations of the Integrative Waste Treatment Unit. It also covers and supports cleaning and grouting activities to support closing of the final four tanks there. It also supports high-level waste tank progress at the Savannah River Site, including producing 130 canisters of vitrified waste derived from tanks and processed through the Defense Waste Processing Facility.    The 2016 request will allow us to expedite tank waste treatment at the Office of River Protection in Hanford through the direct-feed low-activity waste approach, and this allows us to continue designing the low-activity waste treatment system, and continuing construction of the low-activity waste facility, the analytical laboratory, and balance of the facilities at the Waste Treatment Plant.    The 2016 request also provides funding in accordance with the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant recovery plan. There are many sites around the EM complex, of course, that depend on the WIPP facility and that have transuranic waste at its plant for disposal.    So that resumption of operations at WIPP is a priority for us, and we will resume waste emplacement activities in 2016. The request also completes major facility clean-out and demolition projects, including the Plutonium Finishing Plant at Hanford.    In closing, I am honored to be here today representing the Office of Environmental Management. We are committed to achieving our mission, and will continue to apply innovative environmental cleanup strategies to complete work safely and efficiently, thereby demonstrating value to the American taxpayer.    Thank you, and I would be pleased to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, Congressman Cooper. Yes, the--and as the general pointed out, you know, a lot of times the accountability is not as visible, sometimes it is very visible, but we are very focused on holding our folks accountable.    The general pointed out fee determinations. And I think you will see with one of the parties that was responsible for the WIPP incident, they were held accountable in that fee determination area.    We are very focused on recovering the operations and resuming operations of that facility. Sir, as you pointed out, it is critical to the cleanup program. We are making significant progress under fairly difficult circumstances. The team there at WIPP, both the Federal side and the contractors, have done significant amount of work, and we are focused on resuming operations in 2016.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. We issued a recovery plan in September, September 30 of this past year, and it calls for us to resume operations by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2016, and that is currently our plan. There are a few things that will be coming out fairly soon, and that is the Technical Assessment Team report on what exactly happened, looking at the drum where we had the incident, as well as the Accident Investigation Board final report. There will be corrective actions that will come out of that.    The Secretary has stated that our goal is the end of March 2016 for resuming operations, but we will only do so when we are confident that it is safe to do so. So we are focused on that, but we still have the end of March 2016 as our goal. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. The cost, we don't know exactly how much the cost will be, because a lot of it will depend on the permanent ventilation system and exhaust shaft. We have begun to request that money, as you know. Right now the range for that project, because of the stage of the project, it is pre-Critical Decision 1, and so we are going through the alternatives analysis. As we further narrow the design down, we will get a better sense of the total cost, but right now, the range for that project is $77 million to $309 million. I think later this year we will have a better estimate of the cost of that, of that project, and that will really be the large portion of WIPP recovery costs.    Mr. Whitney. The contractor also has a fee determination very soon, and so we will be looking at this, of course. There have been a couple of actions that we have already taken with respect to the contract and the fee called conditional payment of fee actions, which have reduced the amount that they are able to earn significantly. I believe within the next several weeks, the final fee determination will be made and made public.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. The Energy Policy Act of 1992 (EPAct) established the Uranium Enrichment (UE) D&D fund to provide resources for the cleanup activities. Under the EPAct, both the Government and domestic private utilities were required to contribute to the fund, with the Government providing roughly two thirds of the funding and the utilities providing the remaining one third.    Both the Government and private utilities have completed their contributions into the fund as required by the EPAct. However, as of the end of fiscal year (FY) 2014, the total UE D&D cleanup costs are expected to exceed the balance of the fund by 2022 if no additional contributions are received. As such, the Administration is seeking reauthorization of both Government and utility contributions beginning in FY 2016.    Mr. Whitney. We are on track to meet our FY15 and FY16 milestone commitments. Beyond FY16, the Department's ability to fulfill its milestone requirements is difficult to forecast as it is dependent upon the completion of pre-cursor activities and the assumptions upon which work plans are based.    To the extent milestones are delayed, DOE will follow the provisions in its cleanup agreements for making notifications and working with federal and State regulators regarding schedule adjustments if necessary.