    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you, Mr. Chairman and Chairman Chaffetz, for having this hearing and allowing Natural Resources to be part of the committee. Thank you, Ms. McCarthy, for making the trip today.    Several things I am looking at--well, first of all, when I look at how people have to deal with their government and their regulations, is proportionality. We know what an accident is--how that is defined. It is when something happens that is out of their control, that they did not intend to do, that they did not want to have happen, and probably wish they could have headed off somehow. But that said, accidents do happen; we forgive people for accidents.    Yet, we see an unforgiveness attitude coming from your agency with people that have not done things intentionally. When we talk about proportion, for example--coming back to that West Virginia mine spill, where it was 7,500 gallons of water, that people faced criminal indictments immediately, and could end up in prison. The company is out of business.    But in this case here, with 3 million gallons being dumped when other activities should have been taken ahead of time, that is 400 times the amount of pollutant that got out. You know? Basically, we are talking about one company the size of a small backyard dough boy pool versus 400 of those types of pools in this. The proportion for the criminal charges for them versus what has been brought upon either your contractor or the people in your organization, should we have a 400 multiplier for prison time being charged against some of your employees or your contractor?    Mr. LaMalfa. In the case of your organization, once again, a question earlier was posed. If you have a project in anticipation of a possible blowout--which you admit to in your documents, that it was very, very possible of a blowout--that you should have been notifying Fish and Wildlife. Therefore, that was a violation of the law.    So, should this committee, should this House, should somebody be coming down hard on your agency and your people for violating the law and not having that notification; but even more so, some of the other measures that could have been taken? You call this a pressure situation in that mine, so should have hydrostatic testing been made, which is, again, referred to in documents? There is acknowledgment in some of your documents that testing should have been done ahead of time, but it was seen as technically challenging, or maybe costly. Now, in the end game, this is much more costly, brings much more embarrassment upon your agency, and brings much damage to the tribes and many people downstream, as well as drinking water, like you mentioned a minute ago.    So, how much should we come after you for not following the law and notifying Fish and Wildlife, but as well as not even following what your own documents show--that you should have had hydrostatic testing, as well as the possibility of putting a relief pipeline, drilling that in place, that would relieve the pressure? How hard should we come down on you for this?    Mr. LaMalfa. Again, back to proportionality, my constituents in my rural district face a lot of issues from Federal agencies coming after them that--somebody trying to change their crop land from grazing or a wheat field to an orchard field, because they have to prepare the soil differently. They can have somebody on their case over their soil preparation with large, large fines. It, indeed, has happened.    Does that seem fair, especially when the people involved have a period which they would make an application and they do not hear back from the Federal agency; under the law it says they can then proceed, and then they come back after that, say, 90-day period? Does that seem fair, that they believe they are operating in the law, and then they come down upon them?    Mr. LaMalfa. Well, under the Waters of the United States, our folks are really, really taking a hit on it. So I thank you for your----    The Chairman. Sorry.