    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you all for being here. This is such an important subject. I don't know if anything more important than making sure that our ability to vote is protected and that we feel confident that everything is being done to make it open and accessible to everybody and using technology to do that but at the same time making sure that we're protecting information and protecting that confidence that our voting booths are accurate and are being abused in any way. So I really do want to thank you for being her. Thank you for your work.    It's certainly clear the nature of our increasingly connected world has opened up new vulnerabilities which were originally unforeseen. It's also brought about new great things that we all can agree improve our lives, the functionality of our democracy, and it does it in ways in which we can exchange goods and services with each other as well.    A little over a year ago, I had a chance to visit Estonia with a group of my colleagues and saw many of the innovative ways they are integrating technology into their government services. They actually have online voting in many elections and most forms and bureaucratic paperwork are submitted online in more easily searchable formats.    While this is encouraging to me, I also realize that Estonia has as many people as New Hampshire or Maine, so there are things they can do differently than we as a country of almost 330 million people can do. So our States still need to have the flexibility to innovate and the Federal Government's role should be assisting but not passing down new unfunded mandates on them which we hear--I hear so often from my constituents and my local government officials and the challenges they face.    Dr. Wallach, if I could address my first question to you. Regarding the recent cyber attacks on the voter registration databases in my State Illinois and also in Arizona, why would an individual or an organization want to hack into States' voter registration information? Are they looking for the same kind of information other data breaches in the retail sector or just personal information or what's the purpose behind these attacks?    Mr. Hultgren. Specifically with tampering, once a hacker has gained access to a database, would it be possible to add fictitious voters or delete legally registered voters?    Mr. Hultgren. Yes. Okay. Dr. Romine, I wonder if I could address a couple questions to you. Is the walling off and protection of voter registration databases part of the technical guidelines for NIST?    Mr. Hultgren. So that separation is happening or is it----    Mr. Hultgren. Also, Dr. Romine, from what is known, what kind of guidance for protecting voter registration databases were in place in the two affected States that I mentioned earlier, Illinois and Arizona, and will NIST be considering updates to its technical guidelines to include voter registration databases?    Mr. Hultgren. Well, again, my time is almost up. Thank you for your work. Please let us know how we can be helpful going forward. And with that, I yield back to the Chairman. Thank you.