    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for being here, Administrator Dominguez, and taking the time to testify. This has been a pretty enlightening hearing for me. We have 99 counties in Iowa and we have got pipelines everywhere just like everyone up here and safety, obviously, is the biggest concern.    As I read your testimony and as I hear your responses and what folks are saying here as well, and again, I am just trying to learn what you folks do exactly, what your oversight role is and all the rest.    Correct me if I am wrong, but it seems that a lot of what you do is after the fact, after pipelines have been put in the ground, after they have been built. Is that the case?    Mr. Loebsack. Can you talk about that a little bit?    Mr. Loebsack. Because that is really what I am more interested in than anything.    Mr. Loebsack. If I can ask, I mean again, that is kind of after the fact, right? That is once the pipes are already there.    What about, for example, when states are considering new pipelines? What kind of a role do you folks play in that whole process? A utilities board, for example, is looking at putting the possibility of putting a new pipeline in, might run across the state, might be part of the state. What role do you play at that point in that process, if any?    Mr. Loebsack. Who determines the integrity of these pipelines before a utilities board, for example, actually makes a decision as to whether the pipeline is going to be cited or not? Are those federal guidelines? Are those state guidelines? What are those guidelines, for example?    Mr. Loebsack. And so the State of Iowa, for example, would know what those specifics are when that pipeline before it goes into the ground, what those specifics ought to be. Is that correct?    Mr. Loebsack. Right, and the integrity of the pipeline itself, if you will.    Mr. Loebsack. But all that information is known to a utilities board prior to their making a decision as to whether they are going to site a pipeline or not?    Mr. Loebsack. Will the proposed legislation here have any effect whatsoever on that--on those particulars and on that process?    Mr. Loebsack. I just want to make sure that not only the utilities board in any particular state, but the public who are involved in the process have all that information as well because there are public hearings, as you know, whenever there is a siting.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.