    Mr. DesJarlais. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Shea, you and I have talked a few times by letter and otherwise regarding the walking horse industry, and I wanted to speak with you a little bit today. I sent you a letter on August 10, and you were very gracious to give me a response by August 20, and I appreciate that. I have had a lot of calls from constituents over concerns about the objectivity in the inspection process on the walking horses, and the numbers grew to the point that I decided to hold a town hall during the week of the celebration in Shelbyville. They had set aside a room for 450 people which ended up overflowing and had to be moved into an arena, and we had over 1,100 people in attendance. And I don't think in 5 years I have ever had that many people turn out for a town hall, so it is important that we talk a little bit about it.    What is your current opinion about the state of the walking horse industry; is it improving and does it have a right to exist in its current form?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. And I was just looking at some numbers and there were VMOs and DQPs at 39 shows through the first 8 months of the year. And over 4,300 horses were inspected and there was a turndown rate of about one percent. So I would say that is pretty good, wouldn't you?    Mr. DesJarlais. With the celebration, I agree. The celebration is kind the Super Bowl of horse shows. So it is kind of in the NFL--they play all the games all year long to get to the Super Bowl so people can come and watch the best athletes, if you will. But at the celebration this year there was about 1,200 horses inspected--or 2,000 horses. No, 1,200 entries and there was about a ten percent turndown rate.    How can you explain one percent through 8 months of August, same horses, same inspectors, same BMOs, and then they get to the big Super Bowl of shows and it jumps tenfold?    Mr. DesJarlais. It seems like they would know that there would be more people watching there, so I don't necessarily agree with that. Do you think that a biopsy is an appropriate objective form of testing for scarring? Let's say a horse gets turned down for scarring and a biopsy is performed and it shows no scaring, would that be insignificant to you?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. Is thermography capable of detecting scarring?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. Now, like if there were 200 horses, or whatever I said, turned down, 126 were turned down, how many of these are followed up on an issued citations? The whole Horse Protection Act is to get rid of bad actors, and I think it should be and I think that is great. How many are followed up on and issued citations?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. I thank you for your time. Mine has expired, but I hope we can visit some more about this later.