    Mr. Browder. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, and members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to address you today.    The name of the law which is being considered is Sergei Magnitsky. Sergei Magnitsky was my lawyer in Russia, and Sergei Magnitsky worked for me trying to uncover government corruption in Russia, which led to an astounding discovery that government officials, working together with organized criminals, had stolen $230 million of taxes that we paid to the Russian Government, not from us but from the Russian Government.    And Sergei, as a patriot, testified against the officials involved, thinking that it should not be allowed that government officials should steal from their own country. And he thought that the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, was someone who was acting in the national interest, and if this $230 million theft was exposed that the good guys would get the bad guys and that would be the end of the story.    Instead, after Sergei testified against the officials, the same officials he testified against arrested him, put him in pretrial detention, tortured him in the most horrific way for 358 days, and killed him on November 16, 2009.    I got the news on the 17th of November, in the morning of his murder. And it was by far the most horrific, traumatic, life-changing news that I could ever get, and I made a vow to his memory, to his family, and to myself, that I was going to make sure that we saw justice for Sergei Magnitsky, and that his death would not be a meaningless death.    And for the last 5\1/2\ years I have been on a quest to get that justice and to bring some meaning to his death, so that something good, possibly good, could come out of it. And originally I thought we could get justice inside of Russia. The details of this death were not a matter of speculation. He wrote everything down in the form of 450 complaints he filed in his 358 days in detention, documenting exactly who did what to him, when, how, where, and why. And those details should have been enough to prosecute more than a dozen people.    Instead, they prosecuted nobody. They exonerated everybody involved, and on the 1-year anniversary of Sergei's death they gave special state honors to some of the people who were most complicit. There are only two people who have ever been prosecuted in this case. Three years after Sergei's death Sergei Magnitsky himself was prosecuted posthumously in the first-ever trial against a dead man in the history of Russia, and I was prosecuted as his co-defendant and sentenced to 9 years in absentia.    It became obvious that if we couldn't get justice inside of Russia, we needed to get justice outside of Russia. So I started traveling the world looking for justice, and I discovered that there actually aren't any mechanisms for international justice. They just don't exist. The best you can do is go to the State Department and have them possibly issue a statement, or go to the British Foreign Office and have them say that they are disappointed with somebody's death.    And so I started to look around to see what kind of justice could we get if we could invent our own mechanism for justice, and this crime was perpetrated for the theft of $230 million, and the people who did this crime wanted to not keep their money in Russia but keep it in the West, and they like to travel to the West, and send their kids to school in the West, and have their family members go shopping in the West.    And so I came to this room, this exact room, in 2010, and I told the story I have just told you in front of the Lantos Commission on Human Rights in front of Congressman McGovern. And I said, ``Can you do something about this?'' And he came up with the idea of what has now become known as the Sergei Magnitsky Act, which was to freeze assets and ban visas of the people who killed Sergei Magnitsky.    The act was originally just for Sergei Magnitsky, and then a number of people started coming forward, including Boris Nemstov, an opposition leader from Russia, who said, ``You have hit the Achilles heel of the Putin regime by doing this. They like to commit their crimes in Russia, but they like to enjoy their money in the West. Could you please expand this so it includes the other gross human rights abusers in Russia?''    And Congressman McGovern, along with Senators and various other Members of Congress, heard these calls and added 65 words to the law to include all other gross human rights abusers. The law passed; this is one of the few things in Washington where there is no partisanship. This is bipartisan. Torturers and murderers have no support from anybody, and, as a result, it passed 92 to 4 in the Senate, and 89 percent in the House of Representatives, and it was signed into law.    And the interesting thing that happened after it was signed into law was that, as I started speaking about it at conferences around the world, I started getting approached by people who have been victimized in other countries. I was approached by people from Tibet, from Venezuela, from Bahrain, from China, and I started hearing their stories, and they all asked me, ``How can we do the same thing for our country?'' And the answer was, there is no reason why an Uzbek human rights abuser should have a better deal than a Russian human rights abuser.    And I am very grateful for Congressmen Smith and McGovern who decided to initiate and introduce this law in January of this year, because this is really the new technology for dealing with human rights abuse.    It is not new to impose sanctions, but what is new is that we are living in a globalized world now where, you know, perhaps the Khmer Rouge didn't go on vacation to San Tropez, but members of the Kazakhstani regime, who are perpetrating human rights abuses, are seen there all the time.    And in a globalized world we have some leverage to do something here, and this is something we can do. And so I would be very glad to have a wider support than just your support here, and that we make this into law like the Russian version of the Magnitsky Act, and to leave Sergei Magnitsky with a legacy that his death wasn't a meaningless death.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Browder. Having had 2 years of experience with just this issue, so the Magnitsky Act was passed in December 2012, and I have now been trying since then to get people on the Magnitsky list. This is an example, not quite as big as China, but Russia is a country that the current government hasn't wanted to upset.    And there is one provision of this law which is a very, very valuable provision of law, which we have used and I am trying to use going forward; there is something called a congressional trigger in this law. And the congressional trigger means that the chairman and ranking member of a certain number of committees can demand the Treasury Secretary and the State Department to review names of people to be sanctioned, and then they have to respond within 120 days with a determination of whether they are or are not human rights abusers or whether they would want to invoke executive privilege or a confidentiality provision.    But the beauty of this law is that it is the one situation that allows Congress oversight over human rights policy of the administration. And it doesn't matter whether it is a Democratic administration or a Republican administration. Administrations generally don't like to do things, and that is the beauty of Congress. And so it doesn't work perfectly. I have to come to Washington a regular basis. I am here this week doing this, but it is better than just leaving it to the devices of the administration to do something.    Mr. Browder. Well, I think I am the case study in why this bill is important. I was the largest foreign investor in Russia, and the corruption of the regime led to them kicking me out of the country and trying to seize all of my assets. When a young lawyer intervened, he was then effectively executed in slow motion. And I had no protection whatsoever.    And so, well, I mean, it is kind of absurd for the--it is like almost what I call a Stockholm syndrome for the people who are still out there, to be trying to defend their hostage takers by saying they shouldn't do this. I mean, basically, what this does is gives businesses a tool to say that if your business is raided by a bunch of corrupt officials, there is consequence to those officials.    And so it is an invalid argument to be making. They want to make that argument; I guarantee you. It is both an immoral and an invalid argument to say that by creating consequences for human rights abuses connected to corruption that that is bad for business. It is good for business. It is just not right.    Mr. Browder. Having dealt with a lot of difficulties and seen what the costs are in Russia, I think it is a bad argument for them to be saying it is going to cost us, we are going to have to employ a few more people. I live by the philosophy that a dollar spent fighting bad, fighting evil, is worth $100 trying to do good.    And there are many, many programs that are very expensive where we are trying to do good, but this is one of these things where in the private sector almost nobody wants to fight bad, because fighting bad then involves retaliation, it involves personal risk. I am a perfect example of that risk.    This is an example where the government needs to do this, because the private sector doesn't. And so the investment is relatively minimal. I believe that it was a $6 million investment in the 2012 Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act. And the amount of money that is now being spent to support Ukraine is going to be in the billions.    And so I think that it would be a stupid argument for them to make that they can't employ a few more people to analyze a few more documents. It is like saying we can't afford judges, so we should let criminals go free.