    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you and Ranking Member Engel for holding this markup and for once again conducting the business of this committee in a bipartisan way.    I want to thank the sponsors of the bills that we are considering this morning, and I support all of the bills before us. But I want to spend a few moments to speak about H.R. 1150, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act.    This legislation has special significance to people in my home State, the State of Rhode Island founded by Roger Williams, because of his desire for religious liberty that he didn't think he could quite enjoy in the neighboring Commonwealth of Massachusetts. I waited until Mr. Keating left to say that.    But I strongly support the goals of this legislation to protect and promote religious freedom around the world. Our former colleague, Frank Wolf, dedicated his career to fighting for basic human rights, and it is fitting that this legislation honors the extraordinary work that he has done in this area.    Religious minorities around the world face discrimination, harassment, persecution, and worse. Today, the Islamic State is engaged in systemic persecution against religious minorities as part of their bloody campaign in the Middle East that targets any group that doesn't fit within its radical ideology. Just last month, the House and the Obama administration found that ISIS has engaged in acts of crimes against humanity, war crimes, and genocide against religious and ethnic minorities in the region.    I do want to use this occasion to remind my colleagues that there are widespread abuses taking place in the world right now, in Syria, Sudan, Nigeria, DRC, and many other countries. Governments, terrorist groups, and other actors are engaged in horrific campaigns that encompass women, children, minorities, and other vulnerable populations. And it is incredibly important that we are careful not to seem to be elevating abuses against one particular group above others.    For example, around the world, those perceived to be part of the LGBT community are facing absolutely horrific violence, especially today in territories controlled by the Islamic State. ISIS has proudly advertised its crimes against allegedly LGBT individuals through gruesome social media, videos, and photos.    Groups such as OutRight Action International have compiled dozens of incidents in which people, usually men, have been blindfolded, tortured, thrown off tall buildings, and brutally murdered by crowds incited by anti-LGBT slurs. I have a list here that details some of these particular instances of violence against those perceived to be LGBT, and they are horrific.    Last summer, BBC magazine ran a heartbreaking story entitled, ``Why My Own Father Would Have Let IS Kill Me,'' which detailed a young man who had to flee Iraq undercover after his own father agreed to turn him over to ISIS for being gay.    I raise these issues not to suggest that those within the Islamic State territory or elsewhere who are being persecuted for being LGBT are more deserving of our attention than those suffering any other type of persecution, but I do want to ensure that LGBT people and other vulnerable groups who are being persecuted around the world are not forgotten and that we raise our voices in condemnation of all abuses of basic human rights and refrain from creating a hierarchy of human rights and I look forward to our consideration of legislation intended to do just that.    I hope we can learn from the important example of U.S. efforts to combat religious persecution and use lessons learned and best practices to inform the work we do as a country to combat the persecution of all vulnerable groups around the world, including women, children, and LGBT individuals.    I thank you, and I yield back.