    Mr. Calabria. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the invitation to appear at today's important hearing.    I will note that it has been almost a year since I appeared before the committee, and I was starting to wonder if I had worn out my welcome. So, it is a delight to be back, and of course an honor to be part of such a distinguished panel.    The subtitle of today's hearing raises what I believe is probably the single most important question in financial regulation: Are we more stable? Let me cut the suspense and give you my answer. I think it is ``no.'' Now, let me tell you why.    I will note that there have been improvements. And I don't think anybody would disagree with that. In my written testimony, I talk about the improvements we have seen in bank capital. But my own opinion is that the net improvements have been outweighed by the net downsides.    This is also an extremely broad topic. I touch on a number of things in my written testimony, which I will be delighted to discuss later, but I am only going to focus on a few right now.    Let me first focus on what I believe is one of the more important contributors to financial instability, which is the moral hazard created by both implicit and explicit guarantees of risk taking.    The chairman mentioned the Richmond Fed's Bailout Barometer. As he noted, this is up to a full 60 percent of our financial system liabilities, either explicitly or implicitly backed by the Federal Government. I will note this is higher than both before Dodd-Frank and before the crisis.    Part of the measure of the implied too-big-to-fail is the too-big-to-fail subsidy of our largest banks. For reasons I detail in my written remarks, I do not believe that Dodd-Frank has ended too-big-to-fail. I will note that according to recent polling, neither does a plurality of the American public believe that either.    Some would claim that Title II's orderly liquidation process ends bailouts. I will note that I worked on a similar mechanism created under the Housing Economic Recovery Act for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. And so let us not forget, we had the tools to resolve Fannie and Freddie without a dime of cost to the taxpayer. Those are on the books. Those were not used.    So maybe I will characterize my concern this way. The ranking member mentioned choices. We are faced with that next time.    Regulators will have the choice whether they resolve an institution without relaying to the taxpayer, without taxing the rest of the financial services industry, or whether they impose losses on creditors. So let me emphasize that while I agree that Dodd-Frank's Title II offers a path to imposing losses on shareholders and creditors, I could not overemphasize, it is a choice.    One of the reasons I believe that choice will not be taken is if you simply compare an institution like Freddie Mac, which is smaller and less complex than an institution like Citibank, it suggests to me that it is very hard to believe that we would actually let Citibank fail.    There are a number of other institutions that we may let fail, but I don't think some of them would work.    I appreciate and commend the FDIC's attempts towards its single point of entry to try and improve upon that process. Setting aside its questionable legality, I would also emphasize that it is an optional approach. Whether it is actually followed or not is an open question.    Were it credible, markets would price holding company debt and subsidiary debt differently. Recent research from the New York Federal Reserve shows that this is not happening. So apparently, the markets don't even believe the single point of entry is going to be effective.    I will note that a handful of studies have found that designating systemic entities as ``systemically important,'' as is done under Title I, leads market participants to view these entities as too-big-to-fail.    I will remind the committee that in this very room in 1984, when the Comptroller of the Currency told us that the 11 biggest institutions were too-big-to-fail and they were going to be heavily regulated, we still ended up bailing out some of those institutions.    So, it is bad enough that unfortunately the implied guarantees of our largest banks have been further backed. We also have extended that privilege, as the chairman noted, to financial market infrastructure such as clearinghouses.    Another important driver of instability is monetary policy. Years of negative real interest rates incentivize all sorts of reckless behavior, such as that which helped inflate the housing bubble. I am certain that we are currently massively distorting our financial markets with our current monetary policy.    Let me be very clear in my opinion that the Fed's current policies will be very painful when they unwind. Most of us agree that mortgages play an important role in the crisis.    Dodd-Frank has indeed attempted to address problems in the mortgage market. As I detail in my written testimony, I believe these attempts have fallen short, and in many instances have done more harm than good.    I believe the evidence is overwhelming coming from such neutral parties as GAO that loan to value and borrower credit are the main primary drivers of default, yet these have been ignored.    I remind the committee that Congressman Frank sat at this table last year and testified that he clearly meant that downpayments should be a part of QM and QRM. The regulators have gutted these provisions, making them worse than useless.    Perhaps worst of all is that Dodd-Frank has helped drive almost all of the mortgage risk in the United States on the backs of the taxpayer. Fannie, Freddie, and FHA all hold essentially zero capital. When the housing market turns, which it will, the taxpayer will face a very large bill.    Even the IMF, no lover of free markets, highlighted earlier this week the instability risks from our housing finance system. If we continue along this path, I estimate that at least a million families will lose their homes in the next downturn from the reckless underwriting practices of the FHA alone.    Mr. Chairman, I commend you for calling today's important hearing. As we painfully learned over the last decade, financial crises are extremely costly and painful, both for the economy and for American families.    Had Dodd-Frank brought more stability to our financial system, I would be the first to applaud it. I do believe it has not.    Without sufficient reform, I believe we are almost certain to see another painful crisis within the next decade. Sadly, the warning signs were ignored before the last crisis.    I urge Congress not to ignore the warning signs this time around.    Mr. Calabria. Sure, I would be happy to. Let me set aside issues that might reduce defaults and talk about some of those in the legislation that might increase defaults.    A number of scholars have found that the longer you delay the foreclosure process, for instance, the more people who end up in delinquency. And of course, a number of provisions in Dodd-Frank extend the length of the foreclosure process, and of course, things like letting borrowers know that they--if you are in a non-recourse State, that they could walk away. If it had any effect at all, it will be to encourage those borrowers to walk away.    So there are a number of provisions that, to me, will drag out the foreclosure process, resulting in larger foreclosures. I would hope that one of the lessons we would take away from the crisis, and for instance, if you compared judicial to non-judicial foreclosure States, is that if you make it very hard to foreclose, you get more foreclosures, in terms of the reaction of borrowers.    Mr. Calabria. I appreciate the gentleman's point. First, let me respond to an earlier point. We all agree the crisis was bad. I don't think anybody here disagrees with that, certainly not on the panel. I think we all agree we would like to avoid future crises. I don't think there is any disagreement on that.    I think we all agree that in the crisis we should have done something. The question is, what should it have been? I would have preferred debt to equity swaps that would have imposed losses on creditors to recapitalize the banks very quickly.    I will not--we certainly didn't do nothing during the Great Depression. Lots of things were done, many things in my opinion that made it a longer, while we do not know what the counter factual would have been had we done other things, I am always puzzled by the argument of, it was really bad, so I am glad we did this. Well, maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if we hadn't.    Personally, I think and again this is not a partisan issue because I think when a Republican President and a Republican Treasury Secretary go on TV and say, ``If you don't pass `X' by Monday, we won't have an economy.'' If that doesn't cause panic, I don't know what will.    So, again, I think we need to get away from the keeping score. I think it is unfortunate to me. Certainly, you go back and S&L crisis, things like FDICIA and FIRREA passed with large bipartisan numbers.    I do think it was possible to get a very good bill that would have gotten say 80 votes in the Senate. It would have been very bipartisan here if we had gone that path. I think that was doable. It would look very different. Some of the things that to me don't have to do with the crisis like the pay ratio are--there is literally more discussion in Dodd-Frank about payday lenders than there is about Fannie Mae.    Who thinks payday lenders caused the crisis? Whatever you think about them, really? Okay. Thank you. My point is, I think we could have done this in a better way. It would have been narrower. I think there are a number of things that are still off the table.    But again, this is not about wanting to relive--nobody wants to relive this again. It is really a question of, did we do something that was effective? Let me end with saying, I worked on the Housing Economic Recovery Act, and I'm proud of my efforts on it.    We failed to avoid the failures of Fannie and Freddie in that Act. I will own up to we didn't get that bill done right. Too little, too late. I am willing to lay that on the table. I think if we could all own up to the mistakes we made, I will actually to anybody who looks at it. I have done a couple of blog posts on mistakes I made. So I am willing--    Mr. Calabria. I very much fear that we will have to provide assistance, if not actually have to bail out a clearinghouse. As we know, Dodd-Frank allows access to the Federal Reserve discount window for clearinghouses.    It is important to keep in mind that there are essentially two risks: the instrument risk; and the counterparty risk in derivatives. What we essentially did was centralize that counterparty risk. It did not go away. It didn't go ``poof.'' It just went all in one place. Again, I would say we should learn from the lessons of Fannie and Freddie, when you concentrate all the risks in a few nodes, you really do make systemic risk greater, not less.    Mr. Calabria. Yes. I am not sure anybody disagrees with that.    Mr. Calabria. Nobody here is blaming the crisis on President Obama.    Mr. Calabria. I was going to just simply remind the committee that the original proposal for the CFPB introduced by Senator Kennedy, written by Elizabeth Warren, was a five-member bipartisan position in the appropriations process. So, you go back and look at that bill, it is not some radical free market proposal.    Mr. Calabria. First of all, let me say, I think often we are given, to me, the false choice of bailout or liquidate. Many of these institutions can be restructured, can be reorganized.    Again, my proposal during the crisis was to do a debt equity swap as a recap that wouldn't have cost the taxpayer. So I am of the view that no one institution is so special that we need to put taxpayer money in and can't be resolved without a reasonable bankruptcy framework.    That said, insurance companies are very different than banks. They don't have short run runable--some of the analysis you see, particularly the MetLife case, is just ridiculous.    For instance, the FSOC asserts that because State regulators can place stays on policyholder redemptions, the State regulatory system for insurance is itself a source of systemic risk.    So it seems like if you go back and read these justifications, quite frankly, they all look like they are made up. And if I could channel the good gentlemen who left the room, no numbers, no statistics, all just opinion.    Mr. Calabria. If I could add, while I have some skepticism about the Office of Financial Research (OFR), if we are going to have it, it should be independent of Treasury. I have read these reports and they are very dismissive of concerns about the treasury market. And ultimately, the OFR has essentially been set up to be a political research outfit for the Treasury Department, which by its very nature is a political animal.    Mr. Calabria. We want independent research of the financial system. It needs to be independent of politics.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely, sir. And, first, I will direct anybody if you are curious to go to the Richmond Fed's website whether a bailout barometer is there. And what they try to measure is the explicit guarantees we know about such as the expense and deposit and service.    I mentioned in my testimony that we have $2 trillion more in insured deposits than we did before Dodd-Frank without expansion. And they also try to estimate the implied guarantees. And, of course, we have no way of knowing the exact number, but these are the potential guarantees that the taxpayer is on the hook.    And as was mentioned in the chairman's opening statement as well as in mine, about 60 percent of financial liabilities in the financial sector are either explicitly or implied to be backed by the taxpayer.    Mr. Calabria. First of all, the first thing to do about trying to help underwater homeowners is not to get them underwater in the first place.    So for instance, historically, one in four FHA borrowers left the closing table underwater. If that is not reckless, I don't know what is.    And as Congressman Frank said here last year at this very table, he intended for downpayments to be part of the Qualified Mortgage (QM) Rule.    As I mentioned in my testimony, regulators completely gutted that provision, so that the two factors that matter most in terms of keeping a household out of foreclosure, which is the downpayment, which gives you a cushion when prices fall, and of course trying to make sure borrowers are actually ready, by us and not getting people with very low FICO scores, who are not ready to go into homeownership.    I think we need to be a little more responsible. But that said, first, try not to get into that problem in the first place.    If you are in the problem, that is a different issue, and so, let's talk about that, because I know that is the more immediate concern. The immediate concern would be, how do we address the triggers that get you in that problem?    One of the things we know, and there is tons of data on this, is that the primary reason that somebody cannot pay their mortgage is because they have lost their job.    Congressman Frank, during his last year here, I believe, had a proposal that would have provided assistance in the mortgage modifications if people have lost their job.    So I think we need clear thinking about what are the drivers here, address those drivers directly, obviously a growing economy that creates jobs that goes with that as well.    Mr. Calabria. Again, it is hard for me to speak to any individual case without looking at the case--where people were defrauded, they need to be made whole by the people who defrauded them; which in my opinion, the taxpayer did not defraud, they need to be made whole by the institutions that defrauded them.    Mr. Calabria. So that is number one.    I would remind us that there is nothing specifically about being underwater that triggers a foreclosure. There is nothing in the mortgage documents that says, oh, you are underwater, so we can come and take your home. In fact, it is quite the opposite. They don't want your home if it is underwater, if anything.    So we do need to think clearly about what are the factors--as I had mentioned, again, unemployment is a big driver. There might be unexplained healthcare expenses. We will see whether healthcare fixes that or not. But you have to deal with the life events that cause this sort of foreclosures. All that being underwater does is change your incentive, whether to walk away or not. And quite frankly, I don't think we should reward that.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely. And I would note that even though the authors of Dodd-Frank recognized the liquidity constraints by purposely exempting treasuries and agencies from the provisions of the Volcker Rule, let's not forget that a number of institutions in history have done themselves in by bad bets on the treasury market.    Mr. Calabria. Let me first as an aside say that none of this would have happened without essentially a Federal Reserve-driven bubble--the amount of liquidity the Fed just pushed into the system in the mid-2000s was simply nothing short of insane.    And so, prices drove a lot of this. But to get back to the point of we know during the crisis for instance that at the top of the market Fannie and Freddie bought about 40 percent of the private label mortgage-backed securities in subprime. And to echo what my friend Damon said, they were a contributor. I don't--I would never say that they were the sole cause by any extent of the imagination.    Mr. Calabria. They could have not have.    Mr. Calabria. That is absolutely correct.    Mr. Calabria. To the best of my knowledge. I haven't verified the number so it sounds about right.    Mr. Calabria. Maybe the satisfactory answer is, it depends. It certainly seems like they have listened to a lot of people in the industry on some subjects. So, have they necessarily beat up on Goldman Sachs, not that I can tell.    Have they gone after Main Street lenders? It looks that way. So, again, I think it is important to keep in mind it is not all one homogenous response. It has been different by industry.    I do want to bring up a point. And first of all, let me very clearly say consumers who are defrauded should be made whole by the people who defrauded them. No debate about that. And we should be aggressive about that.    The question over whether certain products should be available, that is a whole different matter. But I also think it is important to keep in mind whether somebody was taken advantage of by a debt collector can be a bad thing, you should deal with it.    It is not at all clear how that is necessarily connected to the massive housing boom we had. So, you can have a fairer society that is less stable. You can have a fairer society that is more stable. They are connected but they are not necessarily the same thing.    Mr. Calabria. In the finance world before--    Mr. Calabria. The financial rate--first of all, as a former staffer for the Banking Committee, I had a lot of complaints and helped a lot of people. I am very proud of that. And--    Mr. Calabria. --the Federal Reserve, the OCC, HUD, I ran the RESPA office at HUD and we spent a lot of time--    Mr. Calabria. Oh, yes, were there--okay, there were agencies. If the question is, is consolidating these things a good thing, that may well be, depending on how you look at it.    Mr. Calabria. My apologies.    Mr. Calabria. I would say that I have been here too long to think anything other than the devil is in the details. So let me say, conceptually it sounds good, but without having read the bill, I would want to take a look at it before I would say anything stronger.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely.    Mr. Calabria. Certainly, you can make some improvements in the State-based system. I don't think anybody would argue with that. I do worry that labeling these institutions as systemically important will create really bad incentives.    So, let's give you a contrast where, say, JPMorgan's balance sheet is 40 percent long-term debt, MetLife's is only about 4 or 5 percent, and we know that being labeled systemically important unfortunately seems to send signals to the debt markets that you will be rescued and it encourages you to be more highly leveraged.    So, to me, I think by putting insurance companies under this framework, we risk making them actually more leveraged and more dangerous.    Mr. Calabria. I don't think they are, and I think the suggestion that some have offered that our representatives, the U.S. representatives should not declare any institution systemic until FSOC has already acted to me is the right approach rather than trying to back the FSOC into a corner.    Let me say that one of the problems is the argument that somehow we need to subject asset managers or insurance companies to bank-like regulation assumes that bank-like regulation works well.    Mr. Calabria. I do not.    Mr. Calabria. What I would submit and this has been a really consistent theme under both Republican and Democrat treasuries is there has long been a suspicion of the State insurance regulatory system, one of the few things that for instance Treasury Secretary Paulsen did before the crisis was issue a report on how bad the State insurance system was.    And so Treasury has long had this viewpoint of, we need to get rid of State regulation of insurance. I don't think they have been shy about it and I think FSOC has largely followed it.    Let me also say you have raised a very important point in regard to Congressman Capuano's points, which is, of course, is that what we should be doing is comparing this recovery to previous recoveries.    The argument that if we had not done Dodd-Frank or the stimulus of this, that we would have been stuck in a hole and people would stop going to work and living in caves or whatever, that is not the case; economies recover.    Mr. Calabria. Yes. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks about, to me, I worry that the designation would encourage insurance companies to look more like banks.    And in my opinion, the largest insurers are far more better capitalized and in far better shape than the typical larger bank. So, I don't want MetLife to look like Citi; I think that would be a gross mistake.    Mr. Calabria. I guess, first of all, I note that the OCC was the primary regulator of Citibank, so even OCC level of regulation apparently wasn't very good.    But that said--let me, if I can, and certainly not--personal push back a little bit, lots of people across the aisle were wrong on Fannie and Freddie, and so I do think that is worth remembering.    I think if we could put aside--    Mr. Calabria. They are wrong on Fannie and Freddie. A number of people were--    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely.    Mr. Calabria. I think the numbers are fairly obvious that it has been a burden in that regard.    Mr. Calabria. That certainly seems to be the case.    Mr. Calabria. So again, to clarify my earlier statements, I do believe that Dodd-Frank offers a path to ending bailouts, I just note that it is an optional path, and I think it is highly unlikely that regulators will ever choose it--and one of the reasons I believe so is because there are similar powers that were put in place for Fannie and Freddie and they were not used at that time.    So, as long as we have the Tim Geithners or the Hank Paulsens at the seat, to me, I think you should bet your money on that the creditors are going to get bailed out.    Mr. Calabria. I reiterate that there is a lot to choose from, but if you want to talk where there is most robust agreement, I think most of the academic literature does suggest that Title I of designating entities sends the wrong signal to the marketplace.    Mr. Calabria. Certainly, I think the evidence is pretty overwhelming that concentration has increased since both the crisis and since Dodd-Frank. I would be the first to say lots of causes go in there just as there are lots of causes with the market going up, I would, for instance, suggest that maybe 6 years of negative real short-term rates might have actually inflated the equity markets a little bit. And we will see what happens when those things turn around.    But I think absolutely there is no doubt in my mind that you have seen growing concentration both on the commercial banker side and on the broker-dealer side.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely. Yes.    Mr. Calabria. Yes. I think they would be better allocating their resources on larger entities.    Mr. Calabria. Let me say, rather than cause, I think it is best to think of that as a contributor.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely. I think we can have at the same time stronger regulation that is simpler regulation. And capital certainly is very much the regard--earlier, some comments were made about the Basel system of capital, and I would actually suggest that the United States just pull out. I think Basel has been a disaster, and the complexity does not work very well.    I will note for the committee that for instance, probably Citibank, the most troubled bank during the crisis, its tier one risk-weighted capital never fell below 8 percent during the crisis. So that tells you that either something is wrong with our system of capital or maybe we didn't need the TARP and all these things anyhow, or both rather.    So I do think we need a simpler system and I think simpler does not mean weaker. I think that simpler could be stronger. And I do think we can get rid of a lot of the unnecessary costly regulations while actually having regulations that make us stronger.    Mr. Calabria. So, and again, I would emphasize the need--I think that first of all it cannot be something that is risk-weighted, because I think that minimizes the transparency, it has to be a pure simple leverage ratio. I think something in the neighborhood at 15, 17 percent is something that will get you a tremendous amount of stability.    I will emphasize in my opinion the tradeoff should not simply be--you hold 15, 17 and you get out of Dodd-Frank, it needs to be broader than that. I think there is a tremendous amount of costly regulations that predate Dodd-Frank--    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely. Some of the examination process, certainly, you want to make sure the capital is real, but I do think you can give some differences for institutions in terms of safety and soundness prudential regulations because ultimately what we want to have is that the bank's owners have their money at risk. And I think that is what we want to substitute for.    Mr. Calabria. First of all, I think the evidence is pretty clear that concentration has increased and I think this always has to be a concern, so on one hand, regulation always bears a little heavier on smaller institutions.    But I think it is also important to keep in mind that a lot of these regulations are essentially intended to be barriers to entry. And so, I do think we have to ask the question, are the institutions that are essentially kept out of the market--the good or the bad players. So I do think that--I guess, I should emphasize too, you will know coming from Econ 101, you reduce competition, you have to end up having higher prices for consumers.    Mr. Calabria. Absolutely. I am of the opinion that every single Federal agency out there should be part of the appropriations process.