    Mr. Wyka. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wyka. Close. It's that they inadequately developed and implemented the repackaging and treatment procedures that incorporated suitable hazard controls and included a rigorous review and approval process.    Mr. Wyka. There were several contributing causes, or what I would call missed opportunities. And those included the characterization and certification program and process itself, the land safety procedures that they use, the hazard identification and control mechanisms and processes that they used at the lab, as well as the training and qualification of both the workers and the first-level supervisors, the contractor assurance system, and oversight at all levels, including the Federal office and headquarters.    Mr. Wyka. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wyka. It's a big number, but I actually don't go for a quota for a number. I look at the issues and develop the conclusions and judgment of needs based on what we find until we sort or resolve the problems.    A lot of those judgment of needs are more extensive than others. Some of them are extent of conditions rather than just looking at the event at Los Alamos. It's going to require, you know, the Department to look at it from a programmatic perspective as well as enterprise-wide.    Mr. Wyka. No, sir, you are correct. And that's what the board concluded in all three investigations, that a lot of these issues were brought up in other reviews and assessments, both internally and externally, and they weren't addressed as repeatable issues, which was another missed opportunity----    Mr. Wyka . In several functional areas.    Mr. Wyka. Thank you for the question.    I think probably a key is to make sure that we have acceptance at all levels, not only at the senior level, but the mid-levels, as well as the worker level, that we have problems to fix, and to use this as an opportunity, as Mark mentioned, to almost look at ourselves in the rearview mirror and look at the analysis conclusions, the judgment of needs, the program processes, oversight breakdowns at all levels, look at our respective programs, no matter what they are, to sort of see if we are seeing those same type of precursor-type activities.    Mr. Wyka. I think one way is to look at the way we look at our CAS systems. Rather than to look at them in terms of an affirmation or are they in place, the way we did it with the Accident Investigation Board--we didn't do a CAS assessment, we looked at the event--is to look at them in terms of the functional areas--Radcon, work controls, nuclear safety--and to look at the elements with respect to those functional areas, are they actually working effectively.    Mr. Wyka. There is a lessons-learned program, and through what we are doing now and through debriefings and bringing our field managers together and having them required to read the documents and then we will discuss what are our corporate next-step options as an enterprise.