    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think it has been clearly established here so far that I don't think there is anyone in the room that would not acknowledge that there at least have been instances, as you have brought up, in the thousands, perhaps, in fact, certainly over the course of time. We have examples from North Carolina and Minnesota extensively so. We all know that there have been problems of voter fraud. We also know that Federal law authorizes the Department of Justice to prosecute non-citizens for both registering and voting. This is a criminal offense and, as has just been mentioned, can result in removal from the Country.    My first question to each of you, do you know, to the best of your knowledge, of any example where the Department of Justice has in fact brought charges against anyone or deported them?    Mr. Hice. OK, thank you.    Mr. Dunlap?    Mr. Hice. OK. All right, so what we have here, evidently, is that at least within this Administration we have no examples that we have any knowledge of where the law in this regard has been upheld by the Justice Department. So we have, evidently, a Justice Department unwilling to abide by the law, which, of course, is what we are seeing across the board even in so many instances right now; and if the rule of law is not going to be upheld, it is of very little value at all to any of us.    Now, it has also been brought up that the motor voter law, as it is known, where individuals are given the opportunity to register to vote when they get their driver's license, is posing a significant problem, as you have mentioned; and from what we hear from multiple DMVs across the Country, they don't believe it is their responsibility to find out whether or not these individuals are citizens of the United States or not.    Would you agree with that?    Mr. Hice. But at some point someone has to be responsible; it is either the State or the Federal Government. Real quickly, almost a yes or no answer, is the DHS trustworthy? Do States believe that they can trust the DHS to give this information?    Mr. Hice. We have an enormous problem here, obviously, and it is only getting bigger. The President's actions to grant de facto amnesty to five million is just exasperating an already existing problem, and I and Congress should look for solutions to prevent non-citizens from diluting the ballots of citizens in this Country.    Thank you.