    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. There is a rock gym in Arlington.    Secretary Jewell. It was a great party.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you very much. Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, Chairman Rogers, and Ranking Member Lowey, and members of the subcommittee, thank you so much for the opportunity to discuss the Fiscal Year 2017 budget request.    This is, as you point out, the Administration's final budget, and I want to take the opportunity to thank all of you for working with me and my team over the last 3 years to help the Department meet its mission for the American people. And special thanks for the support we received in this current Fiscal Year.    I would like to also take a moment to mention the incident we just had at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon. Through tremendous patience and professionalism, the FBI, with support from State and local law enforcement, ended the occupation on February 11th as quickly and safely as possible after more than 40 days. This was an incredibly disruptive and distressing time for our employees, their families, and the Harney County community.    I am proud of the Department of Interior law enforcement personnel who supported the response and helped keep our employees safe. We continue to cooperate with DOJ, the FBI, and others as the investigations move forward, and we remain committed to working with local communities on the management of public lands.    Our overall Fiscal Year 2017 budget request is $13.4 billion. Specifically for programs within this subcommittee's jurisdiction the request is $12.3 billion. It builds on successes we're achieving through partnerships, the application of science and innovation, and balanced stewardship. It gives us the tools to help communities strengthen resilience in the face of climate change, conserve natural and cultural resources, secure clean and sustainable water, engage the next generation with the great outdoors, promote a balanced approach to safe and responsible energy development, and expand opportunities for Native American communities. These areas are core to our mission, and they play a vital role in job creation and economic growth.    The budget invests in our public lands, providing $5 billion to support operation of our national parks, historic and cultural sites, wildlife refuges and habitat, and managing multiple use and sustained yield on our Nation's public lands. It focuses investment on important working landscapes like the western sage steppe, and the Arctic, and proposes a 10-year $2 billion coastal resilience program to support at risk coastal States and local governments, including funding for communities in Alaska, to prepare for and adapt to climate change.    As the National Park Service begins its second century, the budget provides $3 billion and includes a proposal to dedicate significant funding to reduce the deferred maintenance backlog. I want to have a special call out to this committee for your support of the National Park Centennial this year and your words in that regard.    The budget calls for full and permanent funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and it extends the expired authority for the Historic Preservation Fund. It reflects the Administration's strategy to move effectively to budget for catastrophic wildfires. Again, I want to thank you for your leadership in this committee and Congressman Simpson in particular for his leadership on bringing attention and constructive solutions on wildland fire.    In response to drought challenges across the West, it continues to safeguard sustainable and secure water supplies. I know there will be a robust conversation, on that, Chairman Calvert.    We continue to engage the next generation of Americans to play, learn, serve, and work outdoors with $103 million for youth engagement. This includes mentoring and research opportunities at the U.S. Geological Survey, urban community partnerships, scholarships, and job corps training for tribal, rural, and urban youth, and work opportunities in our bureaus. There is $20 million for the Every Kid in a Park initiative, which introduces all of America's 4th graders to their public lands, providing education programs across the country, and transportation support for low-income students.    We continue to promote a balanced approach to safe and responsible energy development that maximizes a fair return to taxpayers with $800 million for renewable and conventional energy development, a $41 million increase. We're on track to meet the President's goals of permitting 20,000 megawatts of renewable energy capacity on public lands by 2020 with nearly $100 million for renewable energy development and infrastructure.    Offshore, this budget supports the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement with funding to reform and strengthen responsiveness, oversight, and safety for oil and gas development, and onshore, $20 million supports BLM's efforts to develop a landscape level approach to oil and gas development, modernize and streamline permitting, and strengthen inspection capacity.    We are expanding educational and job opportunities for Native American communities with $3 billion for Indian Affairs, a 5 percent increase, to support Native youth education, as was mentioned, American Indian and Alaska Native families, public safety, and building resilience to climate change. The President's budget calls for a $1 billion investment specifically in Indian education and $278 million to fully fund contract support costs, a cornerstone of tribal self-determination. The budget supports our commitment to resolve Indian water rights settlements and supports sustainable water management in Indian Country with $215 million, a $5 million increase.    It also includes funding to strengthen cybersecurity controls across all bureaus. It invests in science and innovation with $150 million for USGS' National Hazards, an $11 million increase. And funding will continue development of Landsat 9, a critical new satellite expected to launch in 2021.    We believe this is a smart budget that builds on our previous successes and strengthens partnerships to ensure we balance the needs of today with opportunity for future generations.    So thank you, and I'm happy to respond to any questions you have. And I can tell there's going to be a number of robust questions coming my way. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Kris, do you have a number in terms of what we spent?    Secretary Jewell. No, we do not. We will have to get back to you with that. Would you like me to comment, though, on the process?    Secretary Jewell. Our team is scrambling in the notebooks behind, so before I finish answering this question, hopefully we will have some sense. It sounds like we will have to get back to you for the record.    Secretary Jewell. Let me just say that it has been an incredibly long process. I appreciate that. The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement did engage with States early on and took that input. They published the draft Environmental Impact Statement on July 17th with a proposed rule 10 days later. They conducted six public hearings, one of them in Lexington, Kentucky, most of them in coal country throughout the Nation. And they are analyzing just shy of 100,000 comments received during the comment period. We have also had 15 meetings with 13 different States. I understand the State of Kentucky declined to meet with us, but we would welcome their participation.    We are taking that State input, and we will use that certainly to advise the final rule based on this process. At this point, we would welcome participation from your State. We do believe this rule is essential. The stream buffer zone rule put in place in 2008 was vacated, so we feel we need to address very real water quality issues and the impact to the watersheds of the mining practices. And that is what this rule intends to do.    Secretary Jewell. Two comments. Certainly we fully intend to comply with the language in the omnibus, and the reference documents that were specified in the language should be available very soon, and will be provided to States as well as posted on our public Website soon thereafter. They are being compiled as we speak and will be released relatively soon.    Secretary Jewell. My language says shortly after February 29th. This is now March 2nd, so I do not know an exact date, but soon.    We also have held, as I mentioned, 15 meetings already with 13 different States. There are several States that have chosen not to meet with us including Kentucky, but we would welcome their participation and value their input.    Secretary Jewell. Congresswoman, thank you for the question. I will take this one for the record because I do not have information on this. I do not know if we keep these records. I do know that we allow hunting and fishing, but the methodologies used, you know, must be consistent with our authorizing statute. But I do not know, so I am going to have to get back to you on that.    Secretary Jewell. Yes. Thank you, and I appreciate your support for the heritage areas, and as we have talked about before, I support them as well. Specific to the Hudson River Valley which was authorized in 1996, we funded it in 2015 and 2016 at $491,000. I know the National Park Service is collaborating closely with the National Heritage Areas to develop a methodology to allocate program dollars. We really want to try and work with them toward self-sufficiency to the extent we can.    I know it takes time to do that. We are happy to continue working with you through this budget process. But, you know, it is one of those challenging tradeoffs we made in terms of staying within the top line.    Secretary Jewell. I will say that I am equally shocked. The Park Service is on this. It is conducting a full investigation. It will absolutely take appropriate action. This is not acceptable behavior within the National Park Service, and if proven to be true, there will be consequences.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to turn the lion's share of the question over to my colleague, Mike Connor, who is far more expert in these areas. But I will say that everything is stressed. The people are stressed. The farms are stressed. The landscapes are stressed. And that has factored into the decisions that have been made.    I will also say that fortunately this year you have a better snow pack, so there is some precipitation and storage that will come out later in the year. But Mike has been working very, very closely with everyone in the Bureau of Reclamation and in the State on this, so I am going to ask Mike to answer the specifics.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you for the question, and I would say, more importantly, thank you to this committee in particular for your personal interest, your engagement, your CODELs out to Indian Country to see firsthand what is going on.    First on school construction. We had over 50 schools that submitted applications for whole campus replacement construction. We narrowed that down to 10. We had them do additional presentations. The input from those presentations is being analyzed to come out with a list, and it is weeks away I think, so very, very soon.    On the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig school specifically, certainly the language that you put in the appropriations report helps shine a spotlight on that particular property. That is something that is also in process and evaluation. As we talked about on the phone, we have to make sure the scope of the work is appropriate and it is prioritized well relative to other replacement facilities. That is in process, but you can expect there will be resolution to that relatively quickly.    How do we speed up school construction, this whole process? We had a list that dated back to the 2004. With the support of this committee, the final two schools on that list are being done. We have a whole process dictated by the No Child Left Behind Act that we have been following so that we have a more of a living effective list going forward. That is what has taken awhile, frankly, in coming up with the next few schools we are going to prioritize. But it will be a robust process so we can keep that list up to date, and recognize that things change. I mean, population demographics change. If we can make investments that can extend the life of one particular facility, that may raise something else on the priority list.    Those are all, I would say, nearing completion in terms of the process.    On the reprogramming, thank you for the support of the BIE reprogramming. We have posted the new jobs. Some of them are existing jobs that will continue. Some are new jobs people are applying for. The period of time to apply for those closes on March 11th, and we expect to have them beginning to be filled by the middle of April.    We have already started a robust training program for teachers so students will begin to see changes in the classroom. We are working with school boards on training for school board members as part of the program. Then, of course, we have the sovereignty in education awards for tribes that want to take over control of the schools.    So I think students will begin to see a difference in the classroom probably already this year, but next year. But more importantly, you mentioned Generation Indigenous. You mentioned high suicide rates. The fact is we need to work across government and with tribal communities to address some of these really challenging issues.    School facilities can be an ideal spot, gathering place for parenting classes, for counseling, a safe place for kids to go after school. This is part of what we are encompassing in the Tiwahe initiative, so there is an increase in the budget for the Tiwahe initiative which looks at whole families and communities. We have through the President's action, formed the White House Council on Native American Affairs, which I chair. We have hired a full-time staff member for that, which is a career staff position. So that will continue beyond this Administration.    And, of course, the people that are leading Indian education, the BIE career staff, will also continue into the next Administration. And they are being trained for the new positions and are supportive of the changes. I mean, change is hard. You do not do it all in a year. Larry Roberts, our acting assistant secretary, was just in Albuquerque meeting with our leaders in the BIE going through all of this, all-employee meetings and so on. I was there a little bit before that meeting with leadership. I feel like we are in a good spot, but we cannot do it without everybody working together.    I will just mention quickly one more thing. It is hard without a clock, so I am sorry. But Pine Ridge is a Promise Zone community. The Ag Department picks those, but we have got a strike team in place to really understand what is happening with suicides. We'll look at what we can learn from an effort on Pine Ridge with SAMHSA, which is a unit of HHS, the Indian Health Service, the BIA, and the BIE, to see if we work collaboratively together and with Ag and some of their rural programs, can we make a difference.    There is a lot going on. Continuity is really important, so it is about our career staff and, you know, mechanisms put in place for this cooperation so it will continue to live well after we are gone. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Largely that is $66 million in the BLM to implement the resource management plans, about a $14 million increase. It is for on the ground vegetative treatments to protect, improve, and restore the sage steppe, in Boise. The best smelling trip I took last year was to the seed warehouse.    Part of what we need to do is actually find the right ----    Secretary Jewell. Some parts of Idaho I have not had the same experience. But that is the cattle business. Yeah, that is good, too, right.    So it is largely implementation of the resource management plans. There is money for the National Seed Strategy. You have done some innovative stuff in Idaho. You have used volunteer groups, youth groups to collect seed, to plant sage brush. All of that kind of work maintains a healthy sage brush ecosystem and restores it when there have been fires and that is all wrapped into the BLM request.    We have juniper removal, particularly true in Oregon, that is critical to the stage steppe. It is actually following through on the resource management plans that got us to a not warranted listing.    Secretary Jewell. Well, we agree they are recovered, and we are frustrated by the lawsuits. I would hope the Endangered Species Act does not have to get administered by the halls of Congress. I think that is the only objection we have is that, you know, we are frustrated we lost that lawsuit.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. That is great.    Secretary Jewell. I have not seen that letter, but if that is what it says, we will get them the documents. We would be delighted to meet with them.    Secretary Jewell. Okay.    Secretary Jewell. I can talk at a higher level. I cannot talk into super detail. We have about $63 million in the budget for climate science, and that includes about $31 million for the National Climate Change and Wildlife Science Centers that you mentioned. That is up about $4 million.    Every time I visit the USGS science labs, it is clear we are just scratching the surface, whether it is eDNA for Asian carp, which is an aquatic invasive tick-borne disease, or white-nosed syndrome in bats. Whatever the causes, we are not exactly sure, but how do we deal with this? We are a bit overwhelmed by the demand on the services relative to our capacity to provide support.    I would also say USGS works in partnership with universities throughout the country, and those grants oftentimes are also really critical. This will help us to continue the work we are doing, but certainly if we could find additional ways to support these programs, we could support more university research in conjunction with the USGS, Fish and Wildlife Service, and so on to address even more.    That is about as much detail as I have on this, and if you would like me to follow up specifically on the tick issues with the USGS, I would happy to do that.    Secretary Jewell. Well, let me start by saying thank you for your advocacy for this, and I appreciate former Attorney General Holder for his commitment and the Department of Justice's work to actually get tribes included in the VAWA reauthorization.    How that pilot project is going, I would say it is frustratingly slow. I will follow up with Larry Roberts and get more information to you specifically, but there are still just a few locations where we are piloting this. There are still many examples of violence against women that are not being prosecuted by local tribal courts that are not part of this pilot.    I think we have work to do in terms of educating local law enforcement on the very real risks women and children, frankly, are facing in Indian Country from non-Indian predators that really are not being held to account. I think we have a long way to go.    I think in terms of the long-range vision, we need greater capacity in tribal courts than we have. They have a significant backlog. We need greater capacity in law enforcement. We have, as you know, run pilots for law enforcement, actually leading into a number of different law enforcement agencies--the U.S. Park Police, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife, other law enforcement entities--to beef up enforcement on reservations across the whole spectrum of criminal justice. And it has had a profound impact on reducing crime.    But we do have a challenge filling the jobs in Indian Country and covering the landscape frankly so that when a woman does call 9-1-1, they may or not get a response. It may be a long time before somebody is able to respond just because of the large territories, few people, and lack of resources. I think we have a lot of work to do still.    Secretary Jewell. We are making great progress, and I am going to ask Mike to answer with the details.    Secretary Jewell. Derek, it is great to see you, and I am surprised I did not know until you told me that all the Washingtonians were in town. I figured they might be asking for tickets to the Washington Monument. So you can send them our way. I do not have a depth of knowledge on the specifics of the programs. I do know that we have $18.8 million in the budget which will help move projects forward. About half of that is for the Fish and Wildlife Service for work in the marine estuaries, the health of those ecosystems on the tributaries, and working with tribes. There is $5.2 million in the budget for the BIA specifically to work on largely, fisheries management issues. And then there is another $4.3 million with the USGS to continue their research.    But beyond that, in terms of how we dig into that, I do not have the details, but I am very happy to provide that to you if you would like more.    Secretary Jewell. Understand.    Secretary Jewell. The short answer is we recognize there are big issues. When I was in Alaska about a year ago, and then the President was in Alaska as I was also in early September, he saw up close the Village of Kivalina that is washing away, the same issue around the Makah and Quileute tribes.    Just take Kivalina as an example, when I was up in there February of last year, they estimated the cost to relocate that village, which will wash away potentially in a storm that could happen really at any time. The cost to relocate by the Corps of Engineers, they said was roughly between $200 and $400 million. I mean, that is one tiny village in Alaska.    The $2 billion Coastal Climate Resilience Program needs a source of funding. We have proposed a source of funding. It is going to be difficult obviously congressionally to get that done. It is redirecting the GOMESA money in the offshore oil and gas revenue share that really ramps up in 2018, and saying we need that for coastal climate resilience to protect communities from climate change.    I would say if that is funded, there will likely be a competitive process to determine, what are the areas of greatest need. Similar to what we learned after Hurricane Sandy. The $60 billion that you as a body approved after that devastating storm, a good chunk of it was both through HUD and our own programs. It was done through a competitive process where communities step up, put creative solutions on the table, and those are ranked and funded accordingly. So I think you could expect that kind of a situation.    You did not mention ocean acidification, but that is also a big factor along the Washington coast. It is impacting oyster growers and shellfish farmers, just as Congresswoman Pingree mentioned, big issues with lobster and with the disease affecting lobster, like the sea stars that we have had in the Pacific coast.    These are very real, and I think you can expect a kind of competitive process by which we allocate if we are able to get those monies. But that is one of the congressional mandatory program recommendations that would require legislative action. We would appreciate you bringing your stories to the table so it has a better shot at getting done.    Secretary Jewell. Okay. As you did in Arizona, I will give you a little bit of background. First, I understand the transitions that go on in communities. Congressman Kilmer and I are from the same home State. Commodity-based businesses like oil, gas, coal, timber, which have impacts on the environment, which is not a static thing, do impact lives in a very real and profound way, and they impact communities, and that is very difficult. On a micro level, we must work together to help support those families.    In grazing and ranching, the BLM is managing a mandate of multiple use and sustained yield, and we have seen changes on the landscape where the sustainable yield may lower in terms of how many cattle a given area can support compared to what it was in the past. That is real difficult if you are that rancher, but that is part of the job of the BLM. So those are really, really difficult.    And our employees are your constituents. They live in your communities. They are in schools with people that are affected. I am fully supportive of working together on programs that help people retool as the commodities are changing around them. It is easy to blame the Federal government and regulations for issues on things like coal, but it is also a commodity that has been impacted by natural gas, switching to natural gas pricing, worldwide demand for coal. It is not all about regulation.    Secretary Jewell. Okay.    Secretary Jewell. You are talking about the Grand Staircase-Escalante.    Secretary Jewell. Can you help me understand what is in your district? Is that part of the public lands initiative or not?    Secretary Jewell. I am not aware of folks that have come into our office suggesting a monument or anything on that side. Mike, are you aware of anything?    Secretary Jewell. Thank you for your interest, and thank you for that really effective public awareness session when we crushed the ton of ivory. That is on top of 6 tons we crushed in the wildlife repository. There are a few more people in Times Square than there are in the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge.    We had a total budget of $56 million 2016, including funding from the State Department. In 2017, we have about a half a million-dollar increase. It covers a multitude of areas. There is $33 million in the Fish and Wildlife Service for international affairs. That includes law enforcement dedicated to wildlife trafficking of $7.5 million, then the Multinational Species Conservation Fund at $11 million.    I have been to two demand countries, Vietnam and China, on this issue. Vietnam in particular is also a source country for pangolin in particular and turtles. I went to an area where they are trying to rehabilitate pangolin and turtles, a conservation area. But the demand for rhino horn, for elephant ivory, for pangolin, for exotic meats that are not sustainably harvested throughout Asia is extreme. We are just scratching the surface frankly with the efforts that we have.    The State Department has been helpful. I went to Gabon, Kenya, and South Africa in January. I saw what I would say is the best of mankind and the worst of mankind. I went to a rhino poaching crime scene. The bad news is there were three dead rhinos to choose from within an easy drive that had been poached within a few days of my visit to Kruger National Park just within that northern tier of Kruger, which is just horrifying. That is the worst of mankind. I went out with veterinarians and rangers to tag a rhino and put microchips in the horns so that they could be traced, take blood samples and so on, but unfortunately the chance of that rhino actually being poached is quite high.    I went to the Port of Mombasa, which is one of the bad actor areas that wildlife products move through. I was happy to see that the Kenyan government actually had removed a number of people very recently, some that I had met with, because of corruption at the port that was allowing illegal wildlife products to go through.    We have six attaches around the world from the Fish and Wildlife Service. Sometimes, and I learned this when I was there, they are the trust place that people from different countries will go to when they are not sure if they can trust people in the other countries, and with good reason, because corruption is rampant. It is like drug trafficking or human trafficking. There is so much money involved relative to what people can make otherwise that the temptation is very high.    We are just beginning to scratch the surface. I would say our investments are driving a return on investment. I would love to have more capacity in these law enforcement attaches overseas, and they are doing a job that is very, very helpful. They are also cooperating on technologies that help, for example, trace the kingpins, not just the poachers on the ground who sometimes are just trying to feed their families.    We are committed to this effort. I think raising awareness and visibility so that we kill demand is really important, and that is why the Times Square Ivory Crush was so important. It is raising visibility with designer brands that are using these products that is really important. Brand is critical, and shaming a brand is a very effective way to impact this.    So thank you for your advocacy, and I would say we are continuing to chip away, but we have got a long, long way to go.    Secretary Jewell. I will answer it very quickly. We do have a challenge in providing titles and responding on things like that. I have visited those offices. They are very frustrated because they are not automated. It costs money to automate. I think there is some money in the budget to continue to support automation efforts, but we are not going to address this overnight. But it is an ongoing problem, and we could get back to you with more detail on the record, or you can ask in the BIA session, and will make sure that they know of your question.    Secretary Jewell. Well, specifically the sage grouse it is probably the most relevant recent example of that. We very much did take into account State programs, State science, WAFWA, the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies. I think that is correct. And that is very, very important to us.    USGS took over largely the science side of the biological sciences when Bruce Babbitt had my job in the late 1990s. The USGS is joining very closely with the Fish and Wildlife Service, doing a lot of scientific research, and they do engage with local communities. We are happy to get you a briefing if you would like to dig into that a little more deeply.    Secretary Jewell. No question, you just want me to listen? Is that the----    Secretary Jewell. When all our budget hearings are over.    Secretary Jewell. I had a couple left over from my party. We did not drink much.    Secretary Jewell. Yes. This was around the Endangered Species Act, and I would say that at the time that I met with the Western Governors Association, there were a tremendous number of Endangered Species Act riders going on any kind of piece of legislation. I know you are shocked. Any piece of legislation going through.    The main issue that Governor Mead from Wyoming wanted to take on for his term as head of the Western Governors Association was the Endangered Species Act. I think we would agree there are ways it could be implemented that work more effectively and perhaps where all of us could spend less time in court, which is certainly in my interest. But with all of the riders that were being put up around the Endangered Species Act from, well, any number of them, it is clear that there is a risk of a gutting of the Endangered Species Act, and I do not want that to happen either.    My comments were related to that and saying how can we work together within the bounds of the existing law to interpret it more effectively for States and do a better job ourselves so we spend less time in court and more time actually taking care of these landscapes.    Secretary Jewell. Well, there is a clear willingness we have indicated to all States in the sagebrush range that if there are concerns they have with the plan, they are welcome to bring them to our attention, and we will operate within the flexibilities we have. For example, in Nevada, the maps that we used were the best maps we had at the time but Nevada has purchased new maps.    And so, part of the discussion was Governor Sandoval said will you use our new maps, and we said yes, okay. So that is not the Secretary's authority working with the governor. It is the governor as a conduit for his folks saying these are some ways we would like to shape this.    So if it is a water tank leaking in Baker. I cannot remember specifically whether it was a map issue. There is also a cemetery in one of the other counties.    Secretary Jewell. Correct. And so, the BLM has flexibilities to work in specific situations on the ground to address those circumstances, and that is what was being done. It is not secretarial authority working with the governor. It just the Secretary communicating with the governor the flexibilities that the BLM has. We are doing that whenever asked in other States, and we will continue to do that whether or not the States are suing us.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, sir.    Secretary Jewell. I believe if it passed in the legislation, which it did, then we are legally mandated to comply, yes.    Secretary Jewell. I will have to rely on my people at the Office of Surface Mining on what is in compliance with the order. I do not know exactly what the order says. I know what material that responds to, but they will be responsive to the requests, and they will do it in accordance with the omni.    Secretary Jewell. Right.    Secretary Jewell. We will comply with the law.    Secretary Jewell. He is trying to correct me, and I stand corrected. Thank you, Mike.    Secretary Jewell. Yes.    Secretary Jewell. That is correct.    Secretary Jewell. I understand that. I also know there was a tremendous amount of work collaborating with the States up front, and also a desire to get something done. I know you will have an opportunity to meet with Joe Pizarchik, who runs the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. He is deeply involved in this, understands it, was a state regulator. And I think that we will be much more effective in being able to answer the detailed nature of your questions as opposed to me----    Secretary Jewell. Let me just say, though, that the EPA money has been used to address invasive species, water quality, and ecosystem health. Without the resources that we have had in 2016, those are the areas that would be directly impacted if we did not get funding from the EPA at an equivalent level.    Secretary Jewell. I am not sure. I will have to double check and get back to you for the record because I know they have been working closely with the Army Corps and the USGS on everything from e-DNA to, you know, various hazing methods to stop the fish from going further. But I am not sure specifically as it relates to that program, unless one of my colleagues knows. So we will get back to you on that.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to answer at a higher level, and then I going to turn it to Kris who oversees our Office of Law Enforcement and Security.    Let me say this, you are right about the kinds of jobs they do. They are first responders. I did a hike in Shenandoah up Old Rag, and as I was coming down they were launching a rescue. They were actually physically going to have to carry somebody down a mountain that had slipped and had a bad dislocated shoulder. They needed 20 people to be able to do that evacuation. They were calling them in from all over, volunteers, search and rescue, and so on. That is quite common. In fact, on that particular hike it happens multiple times every week.    The Fish and Wildlife Service has relatively few folks, and a lot of times what they are doing is ensuring people are abiding by the hunting and fishing laws, so really more like game wardens. In the case of the Malhuer Refuge, there was one person assigned to that refuge, and clearly lots and lots of reinforcements had to be called.    In BLM, we have roughly one law enforcement person per million acres in the BLM. Most of the people that are out enjoying BLM lands in parts of the West are armed. So when you are by yourself patrolling, it is risky. We are deploying GPS devices for all of our BLM rangers out in the field so that they know we know where they are. In some cases, we are patrolling with two together, which means we are patrolling half the area we were before, but their safety is obviously of paramount importance to us as is public safety.    I think the situation at Malheur and some of the increasing risk we see on public lands is something we need to be very aware of, and our people are very vulnerable. We have had threats, guns fired in the air where people were doing surveys to chase them off the land. We have obviously left. We have had situations where armed militias have been called in when we have tried to enforce mining laws. That is in the State of Oregon also.    So there is increased heat, I would say. Part of the answer to that is going to be working with communities as we have done in Harney County before, which I think was very helpful, and as we are doing in communities across the West. But our law enforcement people could use improved devices like the GPS. I would not want to militarize them. That is not what they are for.    As we have more visitation, we have a greater need for law enforcement. We are not necessarily able to respond, but we do try and have cooperative relationships with local law enforcement that helps. But, Kris, do you want to talk more specifically?    Secretary Jewell. Sometimes they set up booby traps for our people, too, including at national parks, like Sequoia and Kings Canyon. So it is a high risk.Friday, February 12th, President Obama used his authority under the Antiquities Act to establish three new national monuments totaling nearly 1.8 million acres in my region of southern California. I was driving down the freeway and heard about it on the news. Unfortunately I was not provided the courtesy of being notified of the President's action by your Department or the White House in advance of the announcement. Neither was Congressman Cook. By the way, over 70 percent of his district was impacted by that decision. He represents the Mojave Desert.    And I do not care, which Administration it is. Members of Congress deserve to be notified when something like that is happening where we could at least be prepared for the onslaught that comes, and I know that Paul Cook certainly got some, so we do not have to read about it in the Washington Post.    Secretary Jewell. I apologized on the phone. I will do it in front of the cameras as well. I am sorry that you did not receive a call and neither did Congressman Cook, from the Administration.    Secretary Jewell. In a budget like the BLM budget, we have increases for national conservation lands in general. The national monuments that are on BLM lands are typically within the national conservation lands. The monument designation in and of itself does not immediately increase the cost to maintain these landscapes, but over time as there is increased visitation, there is an expectation we will likely have an increased cost.    We are doing private philanthropy in some cases in some of the monuments that have been designated. In fact, in some cases the monuments themselves have been a donation to us with endowment or support to continue to support what they need as they welcome additional visitors. But like national parks and monuments that are created by Congress, to the extent that they increase costs, those will be reflected in future year operating budgets once we have done an assessment of the needs and have an operating plan. So to the extent that goes up, we would ask for that in a future budget.    Secretary Jewell. As I said to Judge Grasty from Harney County and also to Congressman Walden, I am not aware of, you know, any efforts that are going on right now with regard to Owyhee Canyon lands in our Department. There has been an interest expressed by Congressman Blumenauer from the Portland area, from Keene Footwear, as part of a live monumental campaign. But I have not seen any information, nor have we held any community meetings or discussions with people around Owyhee Canyon lands to my knowledge. Mike, do you know of any? No?    Secretary Jewell. Yes, I did share it with him yesterday at the hearing as well.    Secretary Jewell. I will talk at a higher level, and, Kris, I do not know if you can come up with numbers specifically on this while I am saying a few words.    This is a huge challenge across the national parks. Emerald ash borer, woolly adelgid, which wiped out the hemlocks largely in the Smokies. The pine park beetle, which is a native species, but because of climate change and a few degrees higher temperature, it is wiping out a lot of the pine forests in the Rocky Mountains in particular and other parts.    This is a huge issue, and we cannot keep up. We can do damage control. Early detection and rapid response on an invasive species is part of our budget here which will be across the landscape not specific to the National Park Service. The use of Youth Conservation Corps crews and local volunteers to actually do some of the hard work on invasive species removal is continuing.    I would say that invasive species in general are winning, so it becomes a triage effort. Where can we protect a growth of trees and treat those trees or treat in the immediate area when we cannot treat the whole landscape, so we are not losing the species entirely, but we cannot stop the onslaught, especially for some of these insects that are taking advantage of slight changes in climate, which would include the tick population you mentioned also, just slight increases.    Kris, do you have any numbers you want to share?    Secretary Jewell. Thanks for the hard work of the committee and the staff. You guys do a really, really good job. Thanks.