    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir. Good morning, Chairman Hunter, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Member Garamendi. I will focus most of my comments today on the perspectives that you heard from     With about 12 million cargo shipments arriving each year, the U.S. maritime ports do indeed remain vulnerable to smuggling. CBP has determined that it does not have the resources to examine every shipment. So, instead, what they are doing is counteracting the smuggling threat by identifying and examining the high-risk shipments. Yet, ensuring that this approach functions properly is indeed still a work in progress.    So, I will focus on two points. First of all, how does--how well does CBP do in identifying those high-risk shipments for examination? And then, secondly, how well do they do in actually examining the high-risk shipments that have been identified?    So, the automated targeted system is the heart of CBP's ability to identify those high-risk shipments that could contain weapons of mass destruction, illegal drugs, counterfeit goods, or other prohibited items. The system works by designating every shipment as low, medium, or high risk, based on a broad range of information that is submitted by importers, vessel carriers, intelligence, and other Government and public sources. It is used to identify the high-risk cargo before it is loaded onto vessels at the foreign ports, as well as to identify high-risk shipments approaching the U.S. ports. Thus, it is essential that the system be accurate.    In 2012, GAO found that CBP updated this system without evaluating the impact of the update on the accuracy of the targeting. At the time, CBP's data on its targeting accuracy suggested considerable room for improvement. Specifically, of all the shipments found during examination to include contraband, such as guns or drug shipments, only 6 percent had been identified by the targeting system as high risk. Now, this is data from 2011 and 2012, because this was from a 2012 report.    In other words, the remaining 94 percent of shipments that were actually found to have contraband during examination had been identified as low or medium risk by the system. Also, at the time, CBP did not have a target accuracy rate, which was limiting their ability to monitor progress in the area.    Now, last year, CBP responded to GAO's recommendations by setting a target accuracy rate, and by requiring that future system updates should evaluate the impact that it would have on accuracy, as well as on workload. And therefore, they are in a better position to monitor the accuracy, going forward. And I can tell you that the targeting accuracy rate now is significantly improved over where it was in 2012, and the component continues to refine the targeting and the method for analysis.    So now let me just take a minute or two and talk about how well CBP does at ensuring that those high-risk shipments are actually examined after they have been identified. So CBP's policy is that every high-risk shipment must be examined, unless the exam has been waived by a CBP officer. In a 2015 report we found that, of the roughly 120,000 high-risk maritime shipments that are processed each year--that were processed each year, 2009 through 2013, most, about 90 percent, were actually examined.    But CBP did not have good data on the disposition of the other 10 percent that should have been waived. Our review of the data showed that some of those shipments weren't actually high risk, so they would not have needed to be examined. Some were examined and recorded improperly, but there were some that were not waived, but also not examined, in violation of CBP policy. And among those that had been waived, we found that the CBP officers varied in their understanding of the waiver categories and criteria, which could lead some shipments to be examined unnecessarily in a waste of resources, and other shipments waived that should have been examined.    So, we made several recommendations which CBP has addressed. They have new guidance and policy that should enhance consistency across CBP officers, thus leading to greater assurances that all of the high-risk cargo will either be examined or waived, as appropriate.    So just one or two other points on some of the issues that came up today, and that is to acknowledge that maritime ports are indeed vulnerable to smuggling by means other than cargo containers.    Small-vessel securities was one of the topics that was discussed by the previous panel; that does indeed remain a challenge because small vessels are unregulated. They are just hard to track.    Another example of a different type of vulnerability besides the cargo containers is that ports remain vulnerable to illegitimate access through weaknesses in the TWIC access card program, which is the way that--the system that is used to control access to the ports.    So DHS does have multiple initiatives in place to address both of those issues. They are aware of the concerns, and they are making progress, although more work needs to be done.    So, to conclude, DHS does indeed have multiple systems in place intended to ensure port security, to identify and examine cargo shipments at high risk for smuggling, but in this area of Government operations, as in many others, it is essential that the Department implement the programs as intended and, very importantly, monitor outcomes to maximize security.    Thank you for the opportunity, and I look forward to any questions you may have.    Ms. Grover. In terms of the Coast Guard's assets, I believe that the intent was to dedicate about 18 percent of all of the asset resource hours to the ports and coastal waterway security missions. So roughly 20 percent off the top. Now, that would include more than just port security, strictly.    So, for a $9 billion-a-year organization--that is just the entity part of it, not the personnel part of it, but the people go along with entity, so they--that is a significant area of work for the Coast Guard.    Ms. Grover. About 18 percent, yes, for 2016 was their intent for the resource allocation for the assets.    Ms. Grover. Yes, we would be happy to do that in the future.    Ms. Grover. So let's take a minute and talk about this. The 3- to 4-percent scanning, I think what they were referring to is the percentage of containers that are ultimately subject to the x-ray exam, the nonintrusive inspection exam----    Ms. Grover . Right, that takes an image----    Ms. Grover. Right. So roughly 1 percent of the cargo shipments are identified as high risk. And those are the ones that then are required to go through the NII so that there is an image that is taken, and the image has to be read by a person.    Ms. Grover. And the question is then do we unpack the container to find out what this is, or does it look like it is OK and we can let it go through, right? And the procedure varies at the different ports, based on what the rules are.    Ms. Grover. So, I think we are all in agreement that that is, for the most part, occurring as intended, right? Some room for improvement in the accurate identification of high-risk----    Ms. Grover. Right. Right, right----    Ms. Grover. Right. So this is a proxy measure that CBP uses to get a handle on how well does this ATS do at identifying high-risk cargo, right? Because they don't really know the true accuracy of that system, because you don't know what you----    Ms. Grover . Have missed, right?    Ms. Grover. Because 99 percent of the shipments----    Ms. Grover . Are determined to be low or medium risk, and generally speaking, moving on through. So we don't actually know what we have missed.    Ms. Grover. But----    Ms. Grover. So--well, of the containers that are unpacked, right, of the shipments that are actually subject to physical exam, some number of those have contraband. And CBP keeps records of that. And then they go back and they look and they say, OK, this shipment was unpacked for whatever reason, because it was high-risk or random or for some other reason. Of the ones that we actually looked at, how many had contraband? And then let's go back to the original designation and say was it originally designated as high risk by the system or not.    And so, yes, for the 9 months or so of data that we looked at in 2011, 2012, the system had only identified 6 percent as high risk. So 94 percent were not. Now, subsequent to that, in the process of responding to our recommendations, the last two quarters of data that I saw were somewhere more in the neighborhood of 25 to 50 percent, which is significantly better.    Ms. Grover. Yes, and that is data from the, you know, roughly late 2014----    Ms. Grover . Time period. So I don't have current data. But, yes, those are the last numbers we----    Ms. Grover. They are still working on it.    Ms. Grover. Yes, your question was about CBP's Container Security Initiative program?    Ms. Grover. Which is an initiative under which CBP targeters are placed at foreign ports, and it is operating at about 60 ports right now. And so your observation is that in 2013 GAO found that while those ports had initially been selected based on volume and other risk factors that, indeed, the circumstances across the world can change, and we found that CBP had not revisited the risk issues since around 2005.    And so, when GAO went in and looked at the situation, we found that there were--some of the ports participating were not high risk and, in fact, that there were not CBP targeters at other very high-risk ports.    And so, yes, as you noted, CBP has developed a port risk matrix and a map. They plan to update it every year, and to apply that knowledge against the locations of the 60 ports where they are working. And so if they follow through on that, and use it, then they will at least have a good understanding of the extent to which the program was operating at the highest risk ports. But that remains to be seen, going forward, and then to the extent to which they can make adjustments as appropriate.    Ms. Grover. We will continue to keep track of their use of that, yes.