    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, I want to thank you for your comity in holding the hearing till I got here. As you know, the President was briefing the Democratic caucus, and I felt like I owed him to listen to what he had to say.    And I am particularly glad you waited for me because when I heard your opening statement it was deja vu all over again to me, because I have been on this O&I panel for most, if not all, of the incidents that you discussed.    We have had over a dozen hearings since I have been here to examine oversight failures and contractor mismanagement at the DOE NNSA Nuclear Complex. A perusal of the GAO testimony today reveals a string of mishaps and management failures over the last decade involving these sites. And that is why, for years, DOE and NNSA have remained on the agency's high-risk list for Federal programs highly susceptible to mismanagement and waste.    The problems have been costly and disruptive. For example, in 2004, which was over a decade ago, there were so many incidents at Los Alamos that the lab director shut down the entire facility for several weeks to address them. A few years later, at a hearing on lab security, our beloved chairman emeritus, John Dingell, observed, quote, ``I feel a little bit like this is the movie 'Groundhog Day.' For some reason or another, DOE has proven itself incapable of managing this critical security and preventing recurring problems.'' That was in 2007.    Now, as you mentioned, in July 2012, the DOE NNSA complex was in the news again because these protestors with basic tools managed to cut the fence at Y-12 and gain access to the area surrounding a highly enriched uranium storage facility. This was supposed to be one of the most secure facilities in the country, but, as you said, a small group of aging activists, including an 82-year-old nun, were able to access the compound uninterrupted by security. And if you haven't seen those videos, just watch them. It is chilling.    As I said in a hearing about that incident, without good oversight, serious issues won't be identified and fixed, and the results could be disastrous. I can't think of any reason why we would want to decrease our oversight of these facilities, inhibit the ability of oversight to review site actions, or reduce accountability for those responsible for keeping the nuclear sites safe. That was in 2012.    Now, we quickly learned that the Y-12 fiasco was not an isolated event. Last year, a waste drum packed by a Los Alamos contractor managed to burst open and contaminate the Nation's only transuranic waste repository. Called the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, or WIPP, this facility is supposed to house most of the Nation's low-level, cold-war-generated nuclear waste. This incident resulted in closing the facility perhaps for years. It will also cost the taxpayer millions of dollars to clean up.    In the last several decades, we have seen the DOE use a range of strategies to oversee their contractors. And I do want to say I think the DOE has made some efforts. After concerns that hands-on oversight was burdensome and ineffective, DOE and NNSA adopted a less intrusive oversight strategy. The new model, which had reliance on contractor assurance systems, was supposed to let contractors assess performance and provide data for Federal oversight efforts.    Nonetheless, since the implementation of this strategy 5 years ago, we continue to have incidents that make me question this approach. I mentioned the security incident at Y-12. Y-12 was one of the first facilities NNSA affirmed as having in place an effective and mature contractor assurance system capable of identifying risks and weaknesses. But this system failed, and the committee had several hearings to see what went wrong. We received assurances from the DOE that they had learned lessons from the past and were committed to implementing the new management and performance measures. Nonetheless, the more recent incidents involving WIPP suggest this oversight framework is not where it needs to be.    So where are we now? I think it is safe to say this new oversight framework needs major retooling. Mr. Chairman, I don't know if we are back to square one. I certainly hope we are not. But, at a minimum, we need to establish a clear path forward. I hope DOE and NNSA will share some ideas so they can actually make progress in implementing the new framework. If excessive transactional oversight is not the answer and reliance on a contractor assurance system is not the answer, then what is the answer?    And we need to figure this out pronto, Mr. Chairman, not just because of these two incidents but because the missions at NNSA sites are critical to our Nation's security.    In response to the GAO report, NNSA outlined plans for a new corporate policy that will form a comprehensive framework for a contractor assurance system. I don't even know what that means, Mr. Chairman, but I hope we can get some answers today about how that new policy will result in significant and effective changes at the agency.    We have been going in circles, and we have to stop doing that. So I hope we can see some changes come out of the WIPP accident investigations and GAO's latest report. We are going to be vigilant, but I have to be honest, I am not overly optimistic.    Thanks, and I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. I want to thank all of our witnesses for coming today. And this is an issue that we have been grappling with for many years, as you heard in my opening statement.    I wanted to ask you, Ms. Bawden--I understand that DOE contract management, specifically EM and NNSA, have been on the high-risk list for a long time. Is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. Now, that is a list that GAO places agencies and programs on that are at increased risk for waste and mismanagement; is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, in 2010, the Department launched an effort to reform its approach to oversight. I know you are familiar with this memo, the 2010 memo from Deputy Secretary Poneman called ``Department of Energy Safety and Security Reform Plan''; is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, in the safety reform section, it states that DOE will provide contractors with, quote, ``the flexibility to tailor and implement safety programs in light of their situation without excessive Federal oversight or overly prescriptive departmental requirements.''    Are you familiar with that section?    Ms. DeGette. Now, it says the same thing for security reform. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, Ms. Bawden, under this new system, NNSA was supposed to be able to rely on information from contractor assurance systems put into place by the M&O contractors, correct?    Ms. DeGette. And the NNSA was supposed to affirm that the systems were mature and effective. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, one of the first NNSA sites to receive that affirmation was the Y-12 facility in Tennessee, correct?    Ms. DeGette. Now, after that facility was affirmed, that is when we had the security fiasco where the nun and the other people were able to penetrate the compound. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. So I understand that after that failure they scrapped the affirmation process, correct?    Ms. DeGette. And so, really, they had no way of affirming the maturity or usefulness of these systems.    Ms. DeGette. All right.    Now, let me talk to you for a minute about WIPP. I understand when the DOE conducted its accident investigation it found that the contractor assurance systems for the two M&O contractors affiliated with WIPP and Los Alamos failed to identify the risks associated with that disaster. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, your team just completed a comprehensive audit, and you found that the NNSA doesn't have the capability to evaluate which sites have viable contractor assurance systems capable of giving the agency the data that it needs to oversee the contractors that run these critical facilities, correct?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    And the contractor systems at Y-12, Los Alamos, and WIPP all failed to prevent major security and safety incidents, correct?    Ms. DeGette. Now, you raised concerns about these contractor assurance systems across the entire NNSA complex, correct?    Ms. DeGette. So, at this point, what approach or system is NNSA using to conduct oversight at its sites, where literally billions of dollars are being spent?    Ms. DeGette. So it is really just sort of, now, catch as catch can, whatever people think at the different sites. Would that be a fair----    Ms. DeGette. The field offices are making their decisions at each site.    Ms. DeGette. So does that approach give you confidence the Federal Government is applying effective oversight over its M&O contractors?    Ms. DeGette. Now, you know, Ms. Creedon, I know that you are all trying to grapple with this, and it has been a complex and difficult problem that people have been trying to grapple with, really, ever since I have been on this committee, which is 1997.    But I have to say that, since 2002, DOE policies and orders have required that all these contractors have these systems. But you hear Ms. Bawden say that the compliance is sort of catch as catch can among the different agencies.    What is your response to that?    Ms. DeGette. OK. I don't mean to stop you, but my time has expired, and I think it would be really helpful if you could supplement your answers to deal exactly with this problem that we have of now no cohesion.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you for your comity.    Ms. DeGette. If I may, I also want to add our thanks to GAO, which has really been bulldogging this for many, many years now.