    Mr. Foster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate the opportunity to attend this, despite not actually being formally on this Subcommittee. The--let's see. First question--first I would like to say that I'm a big fan of turning up research in this field. You know, the payoff if one of these comes up with a home run, and a really viable zero carbon energy source for our world, is enormous.    But ultimately, you know, the thing that I struggle with is the business of design studies that look at projected costs of electricity, which is ultimately the endpoint on this. And so the difficulty you get into there is you're comparing technologies with different levels of maturity. And, you know, ultimately we're resource constrained. You know, we've now decided to make what's--looks like a--between a $3 and $4 billion bet on tokamak fusion, you know, leveraging that to roughly 10 times that amount offshore. And, you know, we may or may not decide to do the same sort of leveraging in making a U.S. investment into offshore fission technologies that are being developed.    And so--but ultimately what we're looking for is the cheapest way of making zero carbon electricity. And--so there is certainly a role in doing design studies, just say pretend the technology works, and what would the cost of electricity be, if it all works according to your dreams? You know, there are big dangers there, because you can lose that bet, and--or find that, to make it work, you have to add a lot of costs to things.    But how do we, you know, how should Congress think about and handle that? Is this best left to separate--to committees? You know, the problem is that committees--all--knowledgeable people on committees are always composed of advocates for their technology, and you can balance the committee in different ways and get whatever answer you want, depending on how you choose to balance those committees.    And so if--so I guess my question is do you think that we're putting enough effort into the sort of design studies that I'm talking about, where you say, just pretend the technology works, does it ever have a chance of being cheaper? You know, this is something that's often talked about, for example, in terms of laser driven fusion, that if you just look at the wall power efficiency, you know, everything you'll have to do to get the compression, I guess--I--sorry I missed your presentation, Mr. Gilliland, but, from what I understand, your technology, you anticipate a higher efficiency, wall plug efficiency, in terms of getting the fusion to happen. And that's a, you know, that's a real argument when you look at the final thing.    But I--my question is, are we putting enough effort into that, and the right kind of effort, into these design--these studies of what the theoretical cost of electricity should be, or are--is--are things just so far away, and such a big spectrum in their R&D readiness to make those--to be able to make those sensible comparisons? So anyone wants to comment on--yeah, Dr. Parmentola.    Mr. Foster. You're also talking about turning up the peak operating----    Mr. Foster. --components, and----    Mr. Foster. Yeah.    Mr. Foster. Um-hum. All right. Well, thank you.    Mr. Foster. Yeah. Well, we'd have to spend, you know, the whole----    Mr. Foster. --fission----    Mr. Foster. --space, and that's difficult to assemble.    Mr. Foster. Right. Thank you, and I guess I'm well over time, and I should yield back.    Mr. Foster. I remember.