    Mr. Marino. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to today's hearing on Consumers Shortchanged? Oversight of the Justice Department's Mortgage Lending Settlements. I will recognize myself for a brief opening statement.    Welcome to this hearing entitled ``Consumers Shortchanged? Oversight of the Justice Department's Mortgage Lending Settlements.'' At issue are DOJ's high profile settlements with JPMorgan, Citi, and Bank of America over their activities related to the financial crisis. The Committee is concerned that too much of the settlement money is not making it directly to consumers genuinely harmed.    The Citi and Bank of America settlements require the banks to donate at least $150 million and as much as over a half billion dollars to activist groups. To be sure, those groups do engage in housing counseling and related activities, but those activities are most helpful to families still in their homes. What about the millions of Americans who have already lost their homes?    I know the Department of Justice responds that the mandatory donation provisions represent only a small portion of the consumer relief packages which total in the billions, but tell that to Jeff and Robin Brown. After the Chrysler plant in Newark, Delaware closed in 2009, they fell on hard times. Frustrating attempts to renegotiate their mortgage with Citi was were fruitless. They lost $3,000 to a loan assistance scam, then they received an eviction notice.    The request for two extra weeks so Robin could recover from a setback with her multiple sclerosis was denied. So they looked at what they could and they took what they were able and departed the home they had saved for and lived in for 8 years. As a result of the settlement, they got a check from Citi for $500.    Their experience is detailed, along with others, in a Delaware online story titled ``Some Who Lost Homes Feel Forgotten in Foreclosure Settlements.'' They are upset that the State of Delaware is poised to spend the remaining $36.6 million on community service projects instead of actual victims. I want to know why DOJ did not do more to ensure that States receiving settlement money put victims before pet projects.    The evidence is not nearly anecdotal. The story noted that of 32,000 homeowners foreclosed upon, only about a thousand ever received compensation. Most checks were for less than $1,500. That is just in Delaware. Since 2008, there have been 4.9 million foreclosures nationwide. It is a cruel irony that those who have lost the most to the foreclosure crisis seem to be helped the least from DOJ settlements.    Loan modifications cannot assist those already evicted. They should have the strongest claim to the limited amount of hard dollars that the banks are paying out. Instead, the cash is going to activist groups because they work with victims of the housing crisis. I guess this means the Administration does believe in trickle-down economics so long as the money is trickling through activist groups. I hope these groups at least do good work because Congress already funds some of them through Federal grants.    But therein lies another problem. It is the role of the Congress, not the executive, to allocate funds. This is a core feature of our constitutional system of separation of powers. James Madison called Congress' appropriations power ``the most effectual weapon.'' He noted it was the power of the purse that allowed the British Parliament to reduce ``the overgrown prerogatives of the other branches of government.''    Also oversight is lacking. For example, the Legal Services Corporation, which provides funding for legal aid, has a dedicated oversight section to monitor grantees. The bank settlement provides no such oversight to ensure the recipient of donations use them as intended. If the money is not being used to lift up those most affected by the housing crisis, should we not at least be concerned about how it is spent? In short, the mandatory donation provisions also raise a host of legal and policy issues, including potential violations of the Miscellaneous Receipts Act and internal DOJ policies.    I thank Deputy Assistant Attorney Graber and all of our witnesses for attending, and I look forward to the discussion. Unfortunately, my good friend, Mr. Johnson, is not here today because he has the flu, and he is the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee. But we are also honored and fortunate enough to have the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers. So I am now going to ask Mr. Conyers to make an opening statement if he wishes to.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Congressman Conyers. It is my pleasure now to recognize the Chairman of the full Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Congressman Goodlatte, for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    And now just to do some little detail work, I think Mr. Conyers wants to enter something in the record.    Mr. Marino. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Marino. And I am asking unanimous consent to enter into the record the following: number one, a letter to the Committee from the predominant legal scholar, Richard A. Epstein, outlining his view that appropriations to community groups should not be made part of the settlement process; number two, a statement for the record from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the U.S. Chamber Institute for Legal Reform noting that directing private parties to make payments to other private parties as part of settlement is, in effect, creating a Federal grant program that is administered by the agencies without statutory authorization; and finally, number three, a memo from the organization, Cause of Action, entitled ``Investigation of Bank of America Settlement Receipts, NeighborWorks America.''    Hearing no objections, so ordered.    Mr. Marino. We have a very distinguished member today from the Department of Justice. Welcome, sir, and I will begin by swearing you in. Would you please stand and raise your right hand, please?    Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Let the record reflect that the witness has responded in the affirmative, and please take a seat.    Mr. Geoffrey Graber is a deputy assistant attorney general and the director of Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force for the United States Department of Justice. Mr. Graber was an associate for the San Francisco branch of Morrison & Foerster prior to joining the Justice Department's Civil Division. At the litigation department of Morrison & Foerster, Mr. Graber specialized in consumer class actions, securities fraud, product defects, tort, contract law, and general civil litigation.    Mr. Graber is a graduate of the University of Southern California Law School. And I also understand that you do a pretty good Alec Baldwin/Glenn Close imitation?    Mr. Marino. We may need that some time through the testimony here, sir. The witness' written statement will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I ask if you would please summarize your opening testimony in 5 minutes or less. And to help you stay within the guidelines, there is a timing light in front of you, and when the light switches from green to yellow, it indicates that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns to red, it indicates that your 5 minutes have expired. And I will just politely, because sometimes it is difficult to keep an eye on the lights and talk. So I will just politely tap here to give you an indication that your time has run out, and please sum up at that point.    I now recognize Mr. Graber to give his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Graber. And because the Chairman of the full Committee has to be in three places at once, I am going to defer to him for his questioning for 5 minutes. So, Chairman Goodlatte.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Now, I am going to ask some questions, Mr. Graber. First of all, if you could, I want to understand the genesis of what is going on with this program, and I want to understand the precise mandatory donation provisions in Citibank and American settlements. And could you tell me, first of all, who told you or who was the highest Ranking Member at DOJ involved in making mandatory donation settlements?    Mr. Marino. But there had to be an individual from Department of Justice that said this is the route we are going. Who was that?    Mr. Marino. Sir, I disagree with you. I worked at Justice, okay? I was a U.S. attorney. Someone always gave a subordinate direction on what to do. It was either done through face-to-face communication, email, or direct letter. Now, someone had to come up and say who gave the order to do this. Now, do you know what that is?    Mr. Marino. Would you not ask how your authority was granted? Did you not ask under what circumstances am I permitted to pursue this?    Mr. Marino. Did the DAG know about this?    Mr. Marino. The Attorney General?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Was anyone at the White House involved in these discussions?    Mr. Marino. I am assuming that you are personally not aware. Have you heard of anyone at the White House being involved in these?    Mr. Marino. Were there any outside groups that participated in these discussions for mandatory donations?    Mr. Marino. Are you familiar with the EPA guidelines, and settlements with third party payments are common with EPA. Are you familiar with those guidelines that EPA has?    Mr. Marino. Yes. Settlements with third party payment terms are most common in an environmental context. Are you aware of those guidelines?    Mr. Marino. Okay. What guidelines, if you can sum it up for me in 15 seconds, do you follow under this program?    Mr. Marino. But you know of no guidelines. Let me give you an example. You know, the mitigation percentage according to environmental procedures should not exceed 80 percent of the SEP costs with two exceptions. For small businesses, maybe set as high as 100 percent, and for SEP costs, maybe set as high as 100 percent. Are you familiar with any of these guidelines that should be followed?    Mr. Marino. I understand. I understand that clearly, but they are guidelines. As the Chairman said, we are talking about millions of dollars to be handed out. And there are indications that the Justice Department is just picking and choosing. Now, the issue is not if it is a left-leaning group. It may be. The issue is someone at Justice, someone, as you said, at the highest levels is picking and choosing who should get this money. And it is usually to organizations that may consult with people after they have lost their house, but it has nothing to do with those that are in mortgage foreclosure on how to help those individuals. So could you please, what say you about that?    Mr. Marino. I understand the list. The list is not the issue. The issue is someone makes the decision to whom that goes. Someone has communication from the Justice Department, at least I believe, with the banks as to here is a list of names, or here are a couple of names on who the donations can be made to.    But let me read you something, a letter dated May 14th of 2008 from Mark Filip, Deputy Attorney General. ``Plea agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, non-prosecution agreements, and extraordinary restitution.'' There is a lot here. I want to do this on the record if there is no objection. But here is the line that is important. ``Apart from the limited circumstances described below, this practice is restricted because it can create actual or perceived conflicts of interest and/or other ethical issues.''    And this is why we are holding this hearing today. As the Chairman said, perhaps if we would have received the documents that we requested a long time ago, maybe you would not be here today. But it has been customary from the Justice Department to drag things out for not only 6 months, but over a year. So the taxpayers have a right to know where hundreds of millions of dollars are going, and if someone is cherry picking left wing organizations or right wing organizations to hand out this money.    I see my time has expired, so now I am going to ask the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries?    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Jeffries. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Congressman Ratcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Congressman. Okay. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Trott.    Mr. Marino. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes now the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Collins.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Congressman. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Bishop.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Deputy Graber, thank you for being here. You are excused. And we now call the second panel to today's hearing. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Marino. Before you sit down, could I ask the panel to please stand, to raise your right hand?    Do you swear the testimony that you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Marino. Let the record reflect that the witnesses have affirmed their testimony. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being here.    I am going to start with a brief introduction of our panel witnesses and get right to the questions. We are in a hard-pressed time to be out of here in about 45 or 50 minutes.    Mr. Paul Larkin is a senior research fellow and director of the Rule of Law Initiative Project for the Heritage Foundation, specializing in countering abuse of Federal criminal law. Mr. Larkin worked at the U.S. Department of Justice as an assistant to the Solicitor General and as a counsel in the Criminal Division's Organized Crime and Racketeering Section. During his time at the Environmental Protection Agency, he was a special agent and an acting director for the Criminal Enforcement Branch. Mr. Larkin also served as counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee and was the chief of the Crime Unit under panel chairman, the Honorable Orrin Hatch.    Throughout his 25 years of practice, Mr. Larkin has argued before the Supreme Court in 27 cases. He is a graduate of Stanford Law School and a former law clerk for Judge Robert H. Bork on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. Welcome, sir.    Mr. Ted Frank has won millions of dollars for consumers and shareholders through the non-profit Center of Class Action Fairness, which he founded in 2009. Mr. Frank has argued and won several landmark appellate cases protecting consumers from unfair class action settlements. His work in this area has been profiled by, among others, the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, the National Law Review, the ABA Journal, and The American Lawyer. He has testified before Federal and State legislative subcommittees multiple times about class action conflicts of interests and settlements and about legislative victim compensation programs.    Mr. Frank is a graduate of the University of Chicago Law School and a former law clerk to the Honorable Frank H. Easterbrook of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit. Welcome, sir.    Mr. Marino. Ms. Mrose is the CEO of Compass Films of New York LLC. Her work focuses on the housing industry and the interaction between government, banks, housing advocates, and the economy. Her experience includes co-hosting a talk radio program and research on regulations issued by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.    Ms. Mrose is a graduate of Tufts University's Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, and welcome, ma'am.    Mr. Marino. And I am sorry, Professor White, but I do not have your background. If someone gives it to me at some point I will read it. I apologize for it for not being here, but I do want to welcome you, and thank you for being here today, and we will get to your background when it is handed to me. I see it is right here. Thank you.    Professor Alan White joined the faculty of CUNY School of Law in 2012. He teaches consumer law, commercial law, bankruptcy, comparative private law, and contracts. The latter was not my favorite in law school. He is a nationally recognized expert on credit regulation in the residential mortgage market. Professor White is a past member of the Federal Reserve Board's Consumer Advisory Council, a member of the American Law Institute, and is currently serving as reporter for the Uniform Law Commission's Project on a residential real estate foreclosure statute.    He is quoted frequently in the national media, including the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post in connection with his research on the foreclosure crisis. He has published a number of research papers and articles on housing credit and consumer law issues, and has testified before Congress and at Federal agency hearings on the foreclosure crisis bankruptcy reform and predatory mortgage lending.    Before becoming a full-time teacher, Professor White was a supervising attorney at the North Philadelphia office of Community Legal Services, Inc., and was also a fellow and consultant with the National Consumer Law Center in Boston, and an adjunct professor with Temple University Law School and Drake University School of Law. His legal services practice includes representation of low income consumers in mortgage foreclosures, class actions, bankruptcies, student loan disputes, and real estate matters.    Mr. White received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and his J.D. from the New York University School of Law. Welcome, sir.    Mr. Marino. Each witness' written statement will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each witness summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less. And to help you with staying within that time, you see the lights in front of you. If the light switches from green to yellow, it means you have a minute left, and when it gets to red I will politely tap here to give you an indication if you would please wrap up.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Larkin for his opening statement. Sir?    Mr. Marino. The microphone in front of you, you have to push the button there, and the light should come on.    Mr. Marino. That is quite all right. I do it.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Frank?    Mr. Marino. You want to push that button.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Mrose? Am I pronouncing that right?    Mr. Marino. Hello.    Mr. Marino. Am I pronouncing your name correctly----    Mr. Marino. Mrose?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Mr. Marino. Ms. Mrose, could you wrap up----    Mr. Marino . Because your full statement will be made part of the record.    Mr. Marino. Okay, Ms. Mrose, we are running out of time here. So you will be able to address some of those in questions that you are asked, if you do not mind, please.    Mr. Marino. Professor White?    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir. I am going to start out by asking my 5 minutes of questions. I will start with Professor White. I do not know if it is coincidental that you used my hometown in Williamsport, Pennsylvania or if that is where you knew I came from?    Mr. Marino. Nevertheless, I agree with just about everything you said. I think the agencies, what they are designed for are good. But it should be focusing on people who are in the process of losing their homes and not handling issues where people have already lost their homes unfortunately, and it perhaps should have been done that way to begin with. And you say, well, we do not know yet. That is exactly what we do not know.    DoJ will not turn over any information that we have asked for concerning who, what, where, and when. Where does this money come from and how is it spent? And you are right. Legal aid, which I have dealt with as a district attorney and even as a U.S. attorney, these people do a great job in defending those that cannot afford it, but they are very regimented. And my good friends on the other side and you have even stated to a certain degree that we are only talking about a little bit of money. I do not care if it is a thousand dollars. It is still taxpayers' money that has to be accounted for.    But you know what the issue is here, Professor? The issue is Congress appropriates, not the Justice Department. And the Justice Department has taken this on itself to determine how these settlements are going to be made. I do not agree with the 2-for-1 for the 3-for-1 credit. This all boils down to who has the authority to appropriate, and it is Congress. And what say you, sir?    Mr. Marino. Well, let us start ticking them off.    Mr. Marino. It is one of my specialties because I pay a lot of attention to it. And so, the Constitution is very clear. I think some of my colleagues agree with me that unless we specifically state by statute, nobody, not the executive branch, not the judicial branch, has a right to appropriate money. Do you disagree with that, sir?    Mr. Marino. Well, they are using extortion to make banks----    Mr. Marino . Appropriate funds to left-leaning organizations. Now, there is no accounting at this point as to how this money is being appropriated, whether Justice hands it out or they tell a bank to hand it out a certain way. So what would be your recommendation as to how we can account for this? What is wrong with this process, turning the money over to the Treasury, the Treasury then allocating that money through legislation that we in Congress can legislate, and follow, and have oversight on it? Now what is wrong with that process, sir?    Mr. Marino. So they are not doing that, though.    Mr. Marino. Pardon me?    Mr. Marino. Congress has not appropriated the funding on this specific issue. These agencies also receive money through HUD, so in addition there is a double dip there. So, I am sorry, I do not agree with you that this is a legitimate way to establish appropriation. Show me a statute where it says that the Justice Department has the authority to negotiate with banks that they can give money to left-leaning organizations.    Mr. Marino. You cannot do that, sir.    Mr. Marino. Well, you are an attorney. You are a professor. You should be answer. I am sure you have compound questions on your law school exams.    Mr. Marino. Exactly right, sir. And as a U.S. attorney, I did the same thing on the criminal side and on the civil side. And whether there is a violation on the criminal side or whether there is a breach of the civil side, the restitution, the fines, are taxpayer dollars.    Mr. Larkin, you have heard the answers by Mr. White. What say you?    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir. My time has expired, and now I recognize the gentleman from Michigan, the Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. Ms. Mrose, you stated in your opening that you had a discussion with a Mr. Allison.    Mr. Marino. Was that a personal discussion that you had, or was that information relayed to you?    Mr. Marino. Okay. And I am assuming you are continuing to interview people. Have you interviewed other lending institutions to this point?    Mr. Marino. And what does he do?    Mr. Marino. Have you requested to interview people at lending institutions, and have they refused to talk to you?    Mr. Marino. First of all, before I ask another question, I would like to enter a document in the record. It is United States Environmental Protection Agency, and it is a memorandum concerning guidelines. And I just want to cite a section from here, and then the full document will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Conyers?    Mr. Marino. As I said earlier, we are pressed for time to get out of this room. I do want to thank all of you for being here and testifying. I wish we could have another hour or two of hearing from you. Maybe in the future we will have that opportunity. And this concludes today's hearing, and, again, thank you for attending.    And without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions to the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    This hearing is adjourned.