    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Griffin, we hear over and over again about a need for constancy of purpose at NASA and the detrimental impacts of shifting priorities, organizational conflicts, mixed signals from Congress, and I can go on and on. How much of this lack of purpose do you think can be changed through a reorganization such as the one outlined in the Space Leadership Preservation Act?    Mr. Palmer. You're saying we've got to work through the ideological differences Congress?    Mr. Palmer. Well, if it were up to my colleague from Colorado and me, we could work this out fairly quickly.    Mr. Palmer. I come from an engineering background, and I believe the space program is fundamentally more engineering than science. Obviously, there's science and in engineering, I think anyone who's been involved in that field understands that you have to have clearly defined objectives. Otherwise, you'll never build to design. You'll--and you will spend an enormous amount of money and get nothing. And so I do think we've got to have that--a vision that we can design to, which, I guess, does the lack of continuity at NASA affect some programs more intensely than it does others?    Mr. Palmer. I've actually visited the facility where that work is being done, and it needs to be completed because there's not a whole lot of use for it if we don't. And I think many of my colleagues here would agree with this, that we do need to allow NASA to define the vision with our oversight but get behind it. Otherwise, we're going to continue to waste an enormous amount of money.    Dr. Griffin, I'll ask you this question. There's an op-ed in Space News, Mary Lynne Dittmar of the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration touts the flexibility of the Space Launch System, which was just mentioned, which will be capable of launching a wide array of missions, given the lack of continuity, how important is it for NASA systems to be adaptable to changing priorities?    Mr. Palmer. That's where you run into all of the change orders and----    Mr. Palmer. --the run-up in cost and then everybody's frustrated.    Mr. Palmer. Well, I had to go to another hearing earlier, but while I was here, I heard you talk about the overall vision for space and what it means for us and Colonel Collins' comment on this as well. And that was an inspired--in my opinion, an inspired view of America's role in space, and I commend you for it.    My time is expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.