    Dr. Woodcock. Thank you for holding a hearing on this critical topic.    FDA is involved in many fronts in the fight against resistant organisms. We're participating actively in the CARB initiative and collaborating internationally and also of course with our Federal partners represented here. Our Center for Veterinary Medicine oversees animal drugs. They have received commitments from the manufacturers are medically important antibiotics to submit supplements by the end of the year. As a result of this, these drugs will have to be prescribed by a veterinarian and can't be used for growth promotion purposes.    Our Center for Devices and Radiologic Health regulates in vitro diagnostics or test kits, including antimicrobial susceptibility tests and diagnostics. They're seeing a growing pipeline of rapid diagnostic tests under development. This is very good news. These tests are intended to identify if a person has a bacterial infection or--versus a virus or has bacteria circulating in the blood or even rapidly diagnose certain types of resistant organisms. So we hope these development programs are successful.    They also plan to issue guidance on what they call coordinated development of susceptibility tests. So as we have new antimicrobials approved by Center for Drugs, we could have susceptibility tests also available that could be interpreted by clinicians.    Our Center for Biologics regulates vaccines. We know that prevention is a best approach to disease, and of course there are some vaccines for microbial diseases, and we would hope that more are going to be developed.    The Center for Drug Evaluation and Research that I head regulates antimicrobials. We've seen the percent of infections treated by common antibiotics shrink over time, as everybody's been saying, as resistance grows. CDER's been actively implementing the GAIN Act that Congress passed several years ago. We've granted 107 qualified infectious disease product designations to 63 different molecules. The designated products can receive fast-track designation, and they get a priority review. On approval, they receive additional 5 years of market exclusivity, so this is an incentive of course. Five designated antibacterial drugs and one antifungal drug have been approved since GAIN was enacted.     We continue to work on streamlining drug development. We've issued guidelines. We're trying to lower the barriers, but many of the barriers, as I'm sure we'll discuss, are either scientific or economic barriers to new antimicrobials.    Now, there are further efforts going on in lowering the barriers. I really commend BARDA who is exploring the use of a master common protocol. We're working with them, novel ways of studying these that lower the barriers and make some types of studies actually feasible.    The 21st Century Cures bill that was passed in the House contains provisions for the limited population use provision, and the Senate PATH Act does mirror that. We're also very interested in the issue of antimicrobial break points and the use of a more rapid and agile method for changing the break point designations.    Finally, though, drug development in this area remains fragile and weak. The incentives that have been put in place apparently are not enough to overcome the scientific challenges that the industry faces in finding new targets and developing these and then actually making money on them. Much more needs to be done, I think, to address this threat across all the groups represented here, but the drug development area in particular needs further examination.    Thank you.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, it's just harder than it sounds. There are a few. We have strep test, and that's great, OK, so there's something where people can differentiate quickly and put people at ease perhaps that they don't have--don't need an antibiotic, an outpatient setting, right? The technology is advancing, as I said in my oral statement. The Center for Devices is seeing technologies come along in the development pipeline so we expect over the next several years we will see more rapid diagnostic tests in a variety of settings.    It's urgent that we try to find some that differentiate bacterial and virus infections. People are working on expression profiles that you can do a blood test and make that determination, and then you could reassure the patient you don't have a bacterial infection. And that would be very helpful.    Dr. Woodcock. There are some promising drugs in the pipeline, but the pipeline is still very fragile. And what we need is not just a few superstars here. We need a full panoply of investment in the research, the basic science, the drug discovery and drug development that lasts, as Dr. Hatchett just said, over decades because we don't just need a few antimicrobials, we need a whole continuing----    Dr. Woodcock . Platform and range of them for a wide variety of diseases, and we're just not seeing that, not all of the ones under development are going to succeed. And that's true of all drug development.    Dr. Woodcock. I don't know. It's not under my purview, but we can get back to you.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, I do believe that----    Dr. Woodcock. I've talked to some of the large pharmaceutical companies. In the past they have run very broad scientific discovery programs and discovery means they're looking for antimicrobials, OK, they're trying to find candidates. And these programs have failed. So down at the science level, this is hard, and I think this is where NIAID's investment in the science of determining what are the bacteria like and how do they generate resistance and what is very important to advance that science because this is a hard area to develop drugs in.    Dr. Woodcock. Certainly. Well, after a candidate is discovered and it's for a resistant organism, then you have another scientific problem of how do you find these people who are infected who are maybe scattered around and then test the drug in them when they're critically ill and they need to be treated right away. And so doing these clinical trials, even small clinical programs are extremely challenging. And of course we want the drug to be used in the most resistant organisms, so we want it to be tested there to see if it works. But those are hard to find. And so you have this big problem.    And we are interested in having a limited development program where you'd really have a great deal more uncertainty, but you wouldn't use the drug for sinusitis and otitis media and so forth. This would be signaled that there was only a limited amount of information, but the drug could be used in these desperate situations. And that pathway, we think, would be a reasonable pathway to make the drug available but with a stewardship signal.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes, Congressman. If I could use that----    Dr. Woodcock . Myself, it would be helpful. That's--no, that's absolutely right. And that's part of the point about how antibiotic resistance is really a problem for everybody because it's not an individual that develops resistance. It's the bacteria. And these bacteria are constantly replicating and they share genetic material and they spread around the community. So this is exactly--your explanation is exactly correct. And I've often thought we need a better term than resistance because people think that applies to them, and actually----    Dr. Woodcock . It doesn't. It applies to the microbe itself. So again, we've oftentimes thought, you know, perhaps we need a better way to explain this to break that old idea----    Dr. Woodcock . That it's a person.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes, you're absolutely right. I mean, antibiotics, as we've heard are--you know, they're a treasure and they're incredibly important and we need to--when we talk about stewardship, we don't mean don't use antibiotics. We mean use the right antibiotic at the right dose for the right duration for the right indication. And it is a very important part of our message.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, there has to be a determination first whether it's a drug or device, and we have a process that's been set up by Congress, an office that sorts that out and what has to be done to study it. It depends on whether it's a device, a medical device or a drug, and those are appropriate to the two different kinds of----    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. These type of therapeutics, whether they're devices or drugs, are regulated by the FDA.    Dr. Woodcock. I don't think we know in the United States. We intercept some packages and so forth. Most of the ones that we intercept are not antimicrobials. But certainly that could play a role. But I think that's something that's very difficult to get your hands around because, again, it's an international problem. Some of these are counterfeit, and that often plays a big role, especially in places like Africa or potentially even here because they don't have the right amount in there but they may have a low amount of antimicrobial in them, which then promotes the generation of resistance. So the free flow of antimicrobials, whether from over-the-counter use or through the Internet, is a potentially continuing large problem and very difficult to manage.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes. As I said in my oral testimony, the Center for Veterinary medicine has sought commitments from the manufacturers of animal drugs that have important medical uses, and they have all committed to submit supplements that would basically change these drugs to prescription only. And that means they would not be used for growth promotion purposes, and they would need to be prescribed by a veterinarian. The Center for Veterinary Medicine expects this to occur at the end of the year, the supplement submission. And so soon after that the changeover could be accomplished is my understanding.    Dr. Woodcock. That I can't answer but we could get back to you on that.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, in speaking to the Center for Veterinary medicine, I understand that tracking down to that level is difficult right now. We don't have a billing system similar to what we have for human drugs where we understand what prescriptions are issued for what animals and so forth. So my understanding is that that's a difficult set of information to find out.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, there's been a long tradition as I understand--I'm not a veterinarian--but I understand there's been a long tradition of using certain amounts of antimicrobials preventively or in food that--in feed for the animals that results in some growth acceleration of the animals. And it's not treating an infection or anything like that. It's simply to put it in the feed and then the growth accelerates. And of course they're being produced as food animals, and so that is an economic benefit. That type of use is what's been addressed by the step that the Center for Veterinary Medicine is taking.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, we expect the manufacturers will honor their commitments. They will submit supplements, and these will be changed. They cannot be used for growth-promoting purposes, these medically important antibiotics.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, I think there's always more that can be done, and I also believe that the norm system is very important and probably needs to continue to be strengthened. I think the value of surveillance just can't be overestimated because we need to know what's going on and at every level, from production all the way through to the food itself, that monitoring is extremely important for us to know what's going on.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes.    Dr. Woodcock. Thank you.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes. There are major concerns because the microbes are kind of like the criminals. They're always one step ahead of us, right, and if you expose people and you expose the bacteria to an antimicrobial, some of them will develop resistance. So we need a robust pipeline.    We have approved a number of antibacterials recently for MRSA infections, new ones, but the general pipeline of antimicrobials is not robust. It's very fragile. We don't just need very targeted antimicrobials, we need a broad set of antimicrobials for the future. And that's still not happening, although there--you know, certainly there are discoveries being made.    Dr. Woodcock. I think we need to be very concerned because it's not the work of a year to catch up, it's the work of decades. And these development programs--Dr. Burgess mentioned Pfizer earlier; they're no longer in the space of development. These development programs were terminated by lots of companies several decades ago.    Dr. Woodcock. Lack of economic incentives and the fact that at that time there was of course a broad range of antimicrobials available. And even though we could foresee resistance occurring in the future, the return on investment wasn't there compared to, say, cancer or other fields.    Dr. Woodcock. If you start from discovery, probably 10 years.    Dr. Woodcock. The estimates are very controversial. Many people have said between $1 billion and $2 billion for a new molecular entity.    Dr. Woodcock. Billion.    Dr. Woodcock. For antimicrobials, it's--if you start from discovery, it's going to be one in many thousands, OK----    Dr. Woodcock. You start into entry into the clinic, it might be 1 in 10.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, I would also add that we would urge you as a business owner once you develop this drug to make sure it's used very narrowly and not widely used because otherwise resistance would develop.    Dr. Woodcock. I understand that.    Dr. Woodcock. I'm just saying that's the market--that's the return-on-investment problem. What Dr. Hatchett and Dr. Dixon have been talking about are Federal Government efforts to accelerate this pipeline and ease the barriers to getting so it doesn't cost so much and the success rate could be higher.    Dr. Woodcock. Oh, yes. And we've been doing things for years. We have issued a number of new guidances on new pathways. We're working with outside public-private partnerships on new end points, different ways to study the drugs, and then what was mentioned earlier, the limited population use that's in the 21st Century Cures would be another way of streamlining the development programs.    Dr. Woodcock. Yes. Well, as I said, the Center for Veterinary Medicine has taken steps around that and secured commitments from those manufacturers of medically important antimicrobials that they will submit a supplement that will eliminate that use basically.    Dr. Woodcock. Well, that is out of my wheelhouse, and we'd have to get back to you on that particular question.    Dr. Woodcock. It's not a drug----