    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our witnesses for being here.    I too just returned from Japan. I was part of a congressional delegation that spent 3 days in Tokyo and 2 days in Okinawa. And I had spent years there--many years ago, I was a high school student there.    And as I hadn't been back in the interim, I really was struck by the tremendous changes in that country but also in the relationship we have developed with Japan. Because at the time I lived there, it was really not too long after World War II, and there was certainly an effort to constrain Japan militarily and, yet, to reassure it about its being protected.    So, as we have moved forward, we are in a very different environment. And I appreciate the rationale for it, as things have really changed in that part of the--in the Asia-Pacific area.    And, Admiral, you referenced the peace and security legislation that Japan just passed that really authorizes it to engage in a more expansive way in regional security efforts. And one of the questions I had there and posed there was, is money following that? As Japan is sort of--as the ties are being loosened on what it can do and cannot do militarily, is funding following that effort so that they absorb a little more of the financial responsibility for protecting that part of the world?    Ms. Tsongas. Yes. And what is that amount? I know we were given a figure over there. Do you know off the top of your head?    Ms. Tsongas. I would welcome that.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you for that.    And the other issue that came up too was sort of encouraging jointness between Japan's security forces and our forces as we are seeking ways to work together. And I am wondering how you are thinking that through and encouraging that.    Ms. Tsongas. Jointness, more joint operations between our forces and theirs.    Ms. Tsongas. And that is what I was getting at, was they are working us with as much as they are within the different branches of their services.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you.    I too will yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. We are on a roll here.    Mr. Bridenstine.