    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today. Each of you have made points throughout this morning about how this sectarianism is a driver for violence, how the trust of the Sunni tribes and people must be earned in order to take the oxygen away that currently exists, especially in Iraq, for ISIS. How can this be done with this current strategy? You have talked about new leadership in place. You have talked about different rhetoric, a different way of doing things, but the fact and the reality is that Iran's influence over this current government in Iraq continues as it has been. Their ability to have any sense of control over the Shia militias and who they are attacking and what they are doing does not exist. And unless you go to a different model of governance and go away from this attachment to this continued policy of one central government in Iraq and move to something where you are actually truly empowering the Kurds, we are not having to funnel everything through the Baghdad government, where, at this point, even a small margin of the weapons and ammunition that we are sending is getting to them, and empower the Sunnis, and empower the Shias in some type of three-state solution, how is this current strategy a winning strategy to defeat ISIS, unless you get to this core of this issue?    General Flynn. I will just quickly, I believe that we are going to not go back to the way things were. The breakdown of the boundaries within this region are going to be incredibly difficult to get back to, not impossible, but I just don't see that happening any time soon, potentially in my lifetime.    I would say that Iran is the greater problem. They do not see inclusiveness of Sunnis, you know, from the Iranian viewpoint. And I think that they, like you, saw in Yemen recently with some of the chanting that we saw, you are seeing in Iraq things occur that are clearly Iranian influenced and against everything that we are trying to do. So I will leave it at that.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Dr. Heck.