    Mr. McGovern. Thank you very much, Chairwoman Walorski, for holding today's hearing, and thank you to the witnesses for being with us. I look forward to your testimony. This is our seventh hearing on SNAP, and I still have a lot of questions as to where all this is headed. We are told that the purpose of all these hearings is to make SNAP better. No program is perfect. There is always room for improvement. But I worry that, for some of my colleagues, improvement is code for cuts. It makes me nervous that we are going down a path that I worry could actually make hunger worse in this country.    In past hearings we have heard a lot about case management. Well, I am all for case management, but show me the money. Case management is expensive, and no one's talking about increasing SNAP funding to pay for it. We shouldn't take money away from the food benefit to pay for case management. We shouldn't rob Peter to pay Paul. Likewise, we have heard a lot about work requirements, but SNAP is not a jobs program. It is a food program. If my friends who are critics of this program want to talk about jobs, then we should talk about how our job training programs are woefully under-funded. There seems to be little appetite to provide more money there too.    Today's hearing is about SNAP and evidence. Well, let us look at the evidence. According to USDA data, SNAP enrollment is at the lowest level it has been in nearly 4 years. SNAP caseloads are coming down from their peak in the middle of one of the country's worst recessions, and they are expected to continue to decline. That is how the program is designed to work, and it is working. We also have evidence from Children's HealthWatch that receiving SNAP is associated with important health outcomes for children. Children whose families received SNAP were less likely to be food insecure, less likely to be underweight, and less likely to be at risk of developmental delays. If we are talking about investing in our future, I can't think of a better investment than making sure that our kids have enough to eat.    One of the things that frustrates me a little bit about some of the hearings that we have had is that we haven't heard directly from anybody at the Food and Nutrition Service at USDA, those directly responsible for administering SNAP. I understand FNS has a whole team doing research on evidence-based outcomes on SNAP. It would seem to me that we should be hearing from them directly.    And if we are focusing on evidence, we should look at the body of evidence that shows the SNAP benefit is too low, that people run out of money to pay for groceries mid-month and have to turn to food pantries and food banks to feed them through the end of the month. We should be looking at the evidence that shows that more and more seniors are experiencing hunger. Seniors are the population with the most number of folks who are eligible for SNAP, but who aren't enrolled. Why is that? Is it because they don't know that they are eligible? Is it that they are ashamed to ask for help? We should be examining those issues more closely, and we also ought to be looking at hunger among our veterans. These are the men and women who bravely fought for our country, and I don't think we are doing enough to support them. They and their families have sacrificed a great deal.    Today's hearing is about evidence, and the evidence shows us that SNAP works. SNAP is helping millions of struggling families around the county put food on the table, and as this economy improves, more and more people are getting back on their feet, and off of SNAP. SNAP is working, and my hope is that this Committee will look for ways to strengthen it so that we can continue to give families a hand up when they need it. I yield back my time.    The Chairwoman. Thank you, Mr. McGovern. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and to ensure there is ample time for questions.    Mr. McGovern. Thank you very much, Chairwoman. First of all, thank you all for being here. This is very interesting. Mr. Everett talked about better coordination. I agree. I wish, within the Federal Government, all the relevant agencies that deal with issues of hunger and poverty were better coordinated, would meet on a regular basis, and talk about how they can work better together.    That is one of the reasons why I have been urging the White House to do a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger to try to bring everybody who has a role in this together, and lock them in a room, and say, ``Okay, what is the plan here?'' And I am all for evidence-based evaluation, but we are talking about a program, in SNAP, that has one of the lowest error rates of any Federal program. This is not a program that is fraught with waste and abuse. It is a program that is actually run pretty well.    And the majority of people on the program are kids, senior citizens, and members of the disabled community. And the majority work, and some people work full time, and yet still earn so little that they are on the benefit. So those people don't need another evidence-based study to try to incentivize them to work. Those people are working. I think what they probably want is a study as to that would show what an increase in the minimum wage to a livable wage would mean for them, so that their work actually pays something, so that they don't have to rely on public assistance. Let us define the context here.    I see the reality when I am back home, and in various places around the country. The fact is that the benefit, as Mr. Weill pointed out, is inadequate. Most SNAP families end up at food pantries and food banks before the month is out. And it is not that they don't know how to budget their money properly. It is not a very generous benefit, contrary to what you might hear on some talk radio shows. I have two sisters who are school teachers in Massachusetts. A lot of the kids that come to class on Monday, it is clear that they haven't eaten most of the weekend. They can't concentrate.    Dr. Sullivan, you referred to the thousands of studies of medical treatments, including drugs. I think of SNAP as providing medicine for people, because I do think food is medicine. But I want more research on the adequacy of the dosage. Isn't that an important research goal within the framework that you are describing? Isn't that indeed the most urgent research question?    Mr. McGovern. Well, I can tell you when we took back that food stamp generosity, when the Recovery Act monies ran out, all of us heard from constituents who complained that food prices didn't go down, that they could afford less, and that they were ending up relying more and more on food banks. I am interested in making sure, especially amongst our kids, that they have adequate food, but also they have access to nutritious food.    Mr. McGovern. Now, I don't disagree with the what you are saying here. But the problem is there are a lot of Members of Congress who are instinctively against SNAP because they think it creates dependency, when the evidence is the opposite. But, an important question here is whether or not the benefit that we currently have is adequate to meet the nutritional needs of families, and especially our kids, and I don't think it is. And I see that evidence when I go to schools, and I see kids that show up on a Monday morning unable to concentrate because they are hungry.    Mr. McGovern. I think that is an area we should be focusing attention on. I thank the Chairwoman.    The Chairwoman. I now recognize Mr. Abraham, for 5 minutes.    Mr. McGovern. You got my attention.    The Subcommittee met, pursuant to call, at 10:00 a.m., in Room 1300 of the Longworth House Office Building, Hon. Jackie Walorski presiding.    Members present: Representatives Walorski, Crawford, Yoho, Abraham, Moolenaar, McGovern, Adams, Aguilar, Plaskett, Ashford, and DelBene.    Staff present: Anne DeCesaro, Haley Graves, Jadi Chapman, Mollie Wilken, Faisal Siddiqui, John Konya, Lisa Shelton, Nicole Scott, and Carly Reedholm.    The Chairwoman. Good morning. Welcome to today's Past, Present, and Future of SNAP hearing on Breaking the Cycle. I would like to welcome you here this morning. I am so appreciative for all of our witnesses who have come, for our Members as well. Thank you for coming to the Nutrition Subcommittee, and thank you for making time in your schedules to be here.    This is the latest hearing in our series, the Past, Present, and Future of SNAP. Today, we are examining how to break the cycle of poverty.    This hearing was inspired by a visit I made last year to Concord High School in Elkhart, Indiana, in my district. I am sure my colleagues here are very familiar with how these visits typically go. You answer questions from the brightest students gathered in the auditorium or the classroom, and they ask questions like how does a bill become law, what is it like to be in Congress, what is your position on such-and-such an issue? However, one student's question that day caught me off guard, and it was a young woman who stood up in that class and said, ``How do I break the cycle of poverty?'' And I will never forget this as long as I live. The student stood up in front of her peers and bravely told her story that day of her family receiving SNAP. While in high school, she got a job to start saving for college because she recognized the value of a college degree. She is trying to break out of the poverty cycle, trying to do the right thing as a young woman, yet feels intense pressure on all sides to maintain the status quo. She wanted to know how can she as a young woman, break the cycle of poverty. That day will resonate with me forever, and that is why we are here today.    In our past hearings, we have examined the conditions necessary to help adults climb the economic ladder, and the way community organizations serve as vital conduits and bridges to other support services. But what about adolescents and kids? Studies have shown that children who grow up in impoverished conditions are more likely to have lower academic achievement, and are more likely to live in poverty as adults. How do we give today's youths an off-ramp from this?    SNAP is only one piece in the social safety net puzzle for families, so we have to recognize that this one program can't do it all. And as we saw in a previous hearing, sometimes that puzzle can inadvertently create disincentives to work. The welfare cliff, for example, forces recipients to consider foregoing raises or promotions, or work altogether, because the increase in earned income isn't enough to replace the loss of SNAP and other benefits. America is the land of opportunity, not the land of we will have to think about it.    SNAP tries to help young people break the cycle of poverty by exempting formal college savings, like 529 plans, and income from full-time students under 18 from eligibility calculations. Are these effective? Is there more we can do to aid children to break the cycle of poverty?    Today, we will hear from witnesses who can attest to the impact poverty has on children, the challenges they face as they transition into adulthood, and ways we can help them increase their chance at success.    I thank each of our witnesses today so much for being here, and I would like to take a moment to introduce one witness here today from my district, Ruth Riley.    Ms. Riley played for the University of Notre Dame and was a member of the 2001 National Championship Women's Team, won a WNBA Championship with the Detroit Shock, and a gold medal with the U.S. Olympic team in 2004. Before she won championships on the basketball court, Ruth was raised in a single-parent household that relied on food stamps and free and reduced lunches. In 2012, Ruth became an ambassador for Share our Strength, a nonprofit organization committed to ending childhood hunger, as part of their No Kid Hungry campaign. Thank you, Ms. Riley, so much for being here today.    Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you very much. And I want to thank the witnesses for being here. I think this is an important hearing.    And let me just begin by saying that I agree with our Chairwoman that SNAP can't do it all, but what it is supposed to do, which is to make sure that people don't go hungry in this country, I think it needs to do it better. And if we are going to break the cycle of poverty, quite frankly, it is going to require a hearing with more than just the Agriculture Committee, because a lot of our antipoverty programs, a lot of the issues that happen when people hit this so-called cliff, fall under the jurisdiction of multiple committees.    One of the things that I have been urging, unfortunately unsuccessfully thus far, the White House to do is to host a conference--a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger, because there are a lot of good things happening all across the country in combating hunger. What we need is a clearinghouse to be able to highlight best practices, but we also need to talk very candidly about ways that we can sew up some of the holes in the social safety net to make sure that people don't fall through the cracks, so that we are helping people move beyond SNAP and hopefully breaking the cycle of poverty.    We have had multiple hearings in this Committee. We have had seven hearings to be exact. We have heard a lot about SNAP, we have talked about comprehensive case management models and innovative public-private partnerships. Look, I am all for strengthening SNAP's job training program, but the real problem is that we don't have enough slots available to meet the need for workers looking to improve their skills. Bolstering our job training programs is expensive. I support it, but it is expensive. And we want to have much more robust case management. That is going to cost more as well. I am all for it and I think that is an important way to help people break the cycle of poverty. But if we are going to do that, we need to make sure that the funding is there. And what I am very strongly against is robbing Peter to pay Paul. I don't think we should lessen our commitment to food and nutrition programs, and divert those monies to someplace else, because, in my view and based on my experience, the SNAP benefit as it is currently constructed is inadequate for families. Go to any food bank in this country and at the end of the month, people are lined up because they have run out of their SNAP benefit. And by the way, the SNAP benefit that is available for people today is less than it was a few years ago because of actions that this Congress has taken to cut the benefit.    SNAP in and of itself is not a jobs program; it is a food program. That is why I am especially pleased that Dr. Ochoa is here with us today, and that his testimony focuses on what the body of evidence says about SNAP's positive effect on children's health. We know that access to adequate nutritious food during childhood is key to healthy development and future economic productivity. We need to get this right. We need to do this better.    So let me remind my colleagues that \1/2\ of all SNAP recipients are children, and the last time I checked children weren't expected to work, unless we want to repeal the child labor laws. But the majority of people on this program are children, are senior citizens, are those who are disabled. Of those who work, the majority work, but they earn so little that they still qualify for SNAP.    And so I look forward to the hearing today. We need to figure out how we can do this better, but I worry that in this Committee sometimes we look at SNAP to be the remedy for everything. This is a program to make sure people do not go hungry in this country, and the benefit is inadequate. We need to bring in other committees. We need to get the White House more engaged in this debate and in the challenges before us, and we need to figure this out, and I think we can probably find some bipartisan consensus on that.    So with that, I yield back my time.    The Chairwoman. Thank you, Mr. McGovern.    The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin testimony to ensure there is ample time for questions.    The chair also would like to notify Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were here at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of arrival. I appreciate Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit your oral statements to 5 minutes. All of the written statements will be included in the record.    I would now like to welcome the witnesses to the table. Caroline Ratcliffe, Senior Fellow, Urban Institute, Washington, D.C. Thank you so much for being here. The aforementioned Ruth Riley, former WNBA Athlete and Olympic Gold Medalist. Dr. Eduardo Ochoa, Jr., M.D., Little Rock, Arkansas, on behalf of Children's HealthWatch. Thank you so much for being here. And Dr. Haskins, Senior Fellow, Brookings Institution, Washington,     With that, Dr. Ratcliffe, please begin with your testimony when you are ready.       STATEMENT OF CAROLINE E. RATCLIFFE, Ph.D., SENIOR    Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you very much, and I appreciate all your testimony. And just for the record, Dr. Ochoa mentioned the American Academy of Pediatrics policy statement, which recommended that pediatricians screen all children for food insecurity, noting the negative health that is associated with child hunger. I think it is an important statement. I would like to ask unanimous consent that we insert the AAP's policy statement into the record.    Without objection? Okay, all right.    The Chairwoman. Yes.    Mr. McGovern. And----    The Chairwoman. I am nodding my head.    Mr. McGovern. Okay. I know we are talking about the whole picture here, but we need to get all the little pieces correct if we are going to solve the big picture, and that means we need to make sure that SNAP works and provides a benefit that is adequate to feed children and to feed families. I think it is important to note that the SNAP benefit was more generous in 2013 than it is today. Food prices continue to go up, and more and more families on SNAP end up at food banks. We have close to 20 million children in this country who are hungry and food-insecure. I think every single person in this Congress should be ashamed of that fact. We are the richest country in the history of the planet. We have close to 20 million children in this country who don't have enough to eat, who end up at food banks, who end up at food pantries at the end of the month. And I think that is something we need to fix.    We want to get the nutrition part of this right, so we need to make sure that the benefit is adequate.    And, Dr. Haskins, look, I appreciate your talking about the importance of work, but let's understand one thing. Work doesn't mean people get off of SNAP. To work, they need to be able to work. Childhood development needs to come first because that is the most important issue that we are talking about here today. And we need to make work pay more. No one here mentioned raising the minimum wage, but the fact of the matter is you have people working and they are still on SNAP. Congress has cut not only money for SNAP, Congress has cut money for job training programs. And before we change anything, we ought to see what the results of the SNAP work pilots are and then base any changes on that.    Dr. Ochoa, in your testimony, you say you have data on what a higher SNAP dose means for the health and well-being of children in the form of the ARRA monies that boosted SNAP and then ran out in November 2013. What does the evidence show, because I want to make sure we get this right, and it is important for people to understand that there are no quick fixes. And a lot of the fixes we are talking about in terms of job training, it is going to cost more resources. But I want to make sure our kids right now are getting an adequate food benefit. Maybe you could respond to that.    Mr. McGovern. Yes. Well, I tell people all the time that hunger is essentially a political condition because we know what we need to do to solve it, but we, for whatever reason, don't muster the political will to do it. I am not just talking about Congress, I mean the White House as well needs to take stronger leadership.    And I go back to where I began. I think we ought to have a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger because I do think that is the place where all these different ideas which fall under the jurisdiction of multiple committees can come together, and we can figure out a roadmap to move forward. When you ask anybody, whether it is in the White House or here, what is the plan to end hunger in America, there really isn't a plan. We have programs to try to deal with hunger, but there is no plan, and we do need a roadmap, and I am trying to find out where the forum is that we can kind of connect all the dots and pull these pieces together. I don't know if anyone has any ideas, or if you want to endorse my idea of a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger, that is perfectly fine with me, but if we are serious about this, the White House needs to be involved more directly on this matter.    I think I am out of time.    The Chairwoman. The chair now recognizes Mr. Crawford, for 5 minutes.    Mr. McGovern. I thank the Ranking Member for yielding me the time. And let me also thank Dr. Chilton, and Mr. Doar, for being with us today. And I want to thank you for your work in Co-Chairing the National Commission on Hunger. This is a very important subject. It is a big deal, and, quite frankly, the issue of hunger ought to be a bigger deal in this Congress than it is. I appreciate you being here.    I will say that this particular hearing is a little bit premature, in the sense that we haven't seen the final report yet. So, to me, it is difficult to see how we can get into the details on anything we haven't seen on paper. That being said, I appreciate your being here and giving us a preview of the Commission's findings. You were given no easy task, to come up with policy recommendations to solve hunger, and to put them all in one report, and you were given very, very strict parameters, to work within existing programs, and to carry out your work on a very limited budget. The Chairman began by saying that we want to strengthen SNAP, however, I have gotten the feeling that, rather than strengthening SNAP, it is a program that is constantly under attack in this Congress. And I do think we need to re-focus our attention on how we strengthen not only SNAP, but programs to make sure that people in this country have enough to eat, have access to good nutritious food, and don't go hungry.    I want to just take a moment to remind everyone about a few fundamental facts about the SNAP program. First and foremost, it is a food program, not a jobs program. Its purpose is to provide food for people who are struggling. Second, about \2/3\ of those who receive SNAP are children, senior citizens, and the disabled. They are not expected to work. So we can talk all we want about work requirements, but the bottom line is those won't apply to the majority of those who are receiving SNAP. Of those who can work, the majority do work. Let me repeat that. The majority of SNAP recipients, who are able to work, do work. But the reality is they earn so little, either at full time jobs or at multiple part time jobs, that they still qualify for the benefit. And we do know, when people go back to work, they begin to lose some of their benefits, and sometimes they find themselves in this precarious predicament where, even though they are working, hunger is a bigger issue, rather than a smaller issue.    There is no doubt that a strong economy and a living wage are the best pathways out of poverty, but compelling people to work when there are no jobs, or there are precious few slots in work training programs, or that they are not expected to work to begin with, doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Cutting them off from SNAP only makes hunger worse. SNAP is a food program, and we shouldn't expect it to single-handedly solve the many challenges of our country's poorest families. SNAP can't be expected to solve broader economic challenges, or barriers people have to work.    So as we begin today's hearing, I urge my colleagues to remember that. What we really need is a national conversation about how we can better tackle hunger in this country. For a long time now I have been saying that the White House ought to convene a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. Congress should work with the White House and the full range of stakeholders to come up with a holistic plan to end hunger in this country. We have programs to deal with this challenge, but I don't know of anybody when asked the question, what is our plan to end hunger, whether it is childhood hunger, or hunger among senior citizens, or hunger in general, that can actually articulate for me very specifically what their plan is. At the heart of that plan would be strengthening SNAP, and other anti-hunger programs, helping families put food on the table.    Let me just finally say that, ultimately, hunger is a political condition. We know we have the resources, we have the intellectual capacity to solve this problem, we have the infrastructure, but for some reason it hasn't been a priority, and there is no sense of urgency to deal with this issue. And too often when we have these debates they end up turning into a session where people who are poor, and who are struggling, are blamed, and we are not talking about developing a road map to end hunger. So, I hope that this hearing is not just a hearing to check the box, but I hope it is a hearing that will actually begin to lay the groundwork for a wider discussion. We need other agencies, other departments in the government to be working together, not in a silo-like way. We need more public-private partnerships. We have great examples of what works, and I am sure you have seen some of them all across the country. But we need to pull all this together, and work with the White House to develop a comprehensive plan to end hunger once and for all in this country. I thank you for being here, and look forward to your testimony. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. The chair requests that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and ensure there is ample time for questions.    I would like to welcome our witnesses to the table today. We have Mr. Robert Doar, Co-Chair of the National Commission on Hunger, Morgridge Fellow in Poverty Studies, American Enterprise Institute here in Washington, and Dr. Mariana Chilton, Co-Chair of the National Commission on Hunger, and she is the Director of the Center for Hunger-Free Communities at Drexel University in Philadelphia. So, Mr. Doar, the microphone is yours for 5 minutes.    Mr. McGovern. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, let me thank you for your testimony, and for the work that you have done. This is big. This is a very important issue. We should all be ashamed that there are so many people, of all ages, in our country--the richest country in the history of the world--that are hungry. And we also should be ashamed about the fact that our response has not been particularly effective here in Congress. And, in fact, those of us here have actually cut SNAP. We cut it in the farm bill. We didn't renew the stimulus monies, so some people saw actually a decrease in their benefit. So, we have made people's lives more difficult because of some of the things that we have done.    You mentioned the importance of cross-sector and cross-agency collaboration, and more help from the Executive Branch. I hope that you will help me, and be specific with the Administration that they ought to do a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. We need White House leadership to convene all the agencies and the departments together, as this issue falls under various responsibilities from various agencies and departments, as it does here in Congress. It is not just the Agriculture Committee with oversight. There are a number of other committees that do as well, so we need to work together. And so, whatever your recommendation is, you have to be specific, because people don't get it if you are vague. You need to be specific, and say to the White House, you have to do this. And, hopefully in a bipartisan way, we would support that. So I appreciate your comment on that.    The other thing is: Mr. Doar, you talked about flexibility, and I have to tell you, I get nervous when people say flexibility. The way I look at flexibility, and the way some people look at flexibility, we have two different definitions. If flexibility means block granting this program and limiting the amount of resources to go to help feed hungry people so that it is not based on need, but based on a defined number. I have a problem with that. I have no idea what the economy is going to do. I hope it gets better, and better, and better, and fewer people need it, but I do worry about that.    And the other thing is, as I understand it, under current law, states already have quite a lot of flexibility in how they administer their program, and how it interacts with other social programs. There is even extra funding available for states who want to expand employment and training, plus matching money for administrative expenses, and farmers' markets programs, among other things. And so, I am puzzled about the continued call for more flexibility, when many states don't take advantage of the flexibility that already exists. I would like you to comment on that as well. Also, in your hearings' testimony, did you bump into anybody who said cut the program, cut SNAP more, cut nutrition programs more, or anybody come out and say, block grant it, so that it is not based on need, but based on just a defined number?    Mr. McGovern. I love states too. I love my state, but I am just simply saying that states are given a lot of flexibility right now, a lot of which they don't take advantage of. And I am all for flexibility, as long as it is not code for cutting the program, or eliminating the benefit.    Mr. McGovern. Right.    Mr. Doar.--get most of the dollars. That puts a little bit of pressure that makes them put money in the game, and I understand why the Feds would want that, but it does make states reluctant to do more on work and food stamps.    Mr. McGovern. And Dr. Chilton, do you want to comment? And will you comment----    Mr. McGovern. Yes.    Mr. McGovern. Okay.    Mr. McGovern. I appreciate it.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Kelly, 5 minutes.