    Mr. Griffon. Thank you. Good morning and thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. Thank you for holding this hearing today. This committee's oversight is both timely and urgent. My name is Mark Griffon. I was nominated by President Obama in March 2010 and confirmed by the Senate in--in June 2010 to a 5-year term ending in June 2015.    I would like to focus my testimony on two key issues. One, the late night vote in a Board meeting in Richmond, California, without any advance notice, in which the agency governance system was stripped of necessary checks and balances; and two, the failure to honor commitments made to this committee in the June 19, 2014, hearing, pursuant to Congressman Waxman's recommendations.    First, the Board action in Richmond, California. In Richmond, California, on January 28 at a public meeting regarding the Chevron investigation, a surprise motion was presented by Board Member Ehrlich. The multipart motion included fundamentally modifying the governance of the agency and canceling three investigations, the Citgo refinery incidents in Corpus Christi, Texas; the explosion of the Horsehead facility in Monaca, Pennsylvania; and the explosion at the Silver Eagle refinery in Woods Cross, Utah.    My efforts to table the matter failed and the motion passed 2 to 1. The urgency of taking up a sweeping motion just prior to Mr. Engler joining the agency has not yet been explained. The resulting Board order on governance, Board Order 2015-1, consolidated power with the Chair and eliminated specific checks and balances, including Board authorities related to the development of the budget and the use and distribution of appropriated funds; the approval of large expenditures; the appointment of heads of administrative units; career Senior Executive Service appointments. The importance of these authorities was discussed in a letter from Senator Lautenberg back in 1999, shortly after the agency was established.    In this letter, Senator Lautenberg clearly indicates that the Chairperson shall exercise the executive and administrative function of the Board but must perform those functions, ``under the direction and approval of the Board as a whole,'' The intent, as expressed by Senator Lautenberg, is lost in the motion passed on January 28, 2015.    The second key issue, CSB action subsequent to Congressman Waxman's recommendations. In a May 2, 2014, letter to the Board, Congressman Waxman put forward several recommendations to begin to address some of the management problems. These recommendations, which I consider reasonable--a reasonable starting point toward improving agency management, have not been fulfilled.    I offer the following observations: One, communication with the Board has not improved. This is best illustrated by the lack of any communication with me leading up to the January 28, 2015, meeting. Two, rather than attempt to vote to modify Board Order 28, an order that delineates the authorities of the Board and the Chair, the Chairman unilaterally declared Board Order 28 invalid based on a CSB Office of General Counsel opinion. Three, despite Congressman Waxman's recommendations, the 2013 recommendation from the EPA IG, and numerous requests by Board members, an overall investigations plan has not been completed since I've been on the Board. And four, a plan for completing the investigations protocol has never been provided to the Board.    So what is the remedy? In the last year, the agency has hired management consultants and executive coaches and set up a workplace improvement committee purportedly to improve employee morale and make necessary management reforms. Despite these activities, no meaningful management changes have been made.    I believe the following actions should be taken. No. 1, the entire motion made in the January 28, 2015, meeting should be rescinded. Two, Board Order 28, dated August 8, 2006, should be reinStated. Three, the Board should make a clearcut statement of policy that the CSB orders are the governing procedures of the agency. Four, the Board should make a commitment to hold monthly public business meetings. And five, the oversight and recommendations provided by the EPA IG are useful and the relationship with the EPA IG must be rebuilt. The agency's mission is very important, and these problems must be resolved. Thank you for your consideration.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, I do agree with this finding. Thank you for the question. I think that the conflict on the Board--when Board orders are continuously violated and the Board is circumvented, it creates conflict on the Board. And it has resulted in staff concerns. And I shared--I think some Board members, including myself, shared the frustration of the staff that we can't work as a unit, work as a full Board. This frustration forced Dr. Rosenberg to leave after 17 months.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. I think one--one obvious case involved a safety case recommendation that was made and discussed in the Chevron report in California, and there are many staff that felt at--felt as though it needed further examination as I do, and they felt strongly that if they brought that up, that was disloyalty, and they just were hushed essentially.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, that is.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, I would agree with that statement.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. Yes, I agree it's to restore power--or put power in the Chair and take it away from the overall Board, yes.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, absolutely. I think this--the motion removed many important checks and balances, and I absolutely agree.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, thank you, Chairman.    It is true, we've talked about the exchanges for quite some time, and we grappled with the changes to Board Order 28 and additional Board orders on roles and responsibilities. And, at the end of the day, changes were not acceptable to me, and Mr. Bresland asked for calendaring the motion. Later, when Dr. Rosenberg was on the Board, it was the same situation.    So we did grapple with those changes, but instead of voting and trying to fix them through a vote, they continued to work around and circumvent the Board orders, leading up to this final surprise vote in California.    Mr. Griffon. I mean ``surprise'' in that, the night of the vote, I listened to the motion be read into the--at the end of a Chevron report, Mr. Ehrlich was recognized to make a motion. He read a summary of the motion. Subsequent to that, they handed me a 22-page package. It was the first time I saw that.    Mr. Griffon. No, I didn't agree. And, in fact, we had an action plan submitted to the Board, a draft action plan, in November that had actually incorporated all three of these as being part of our actions going forward.    Mr. Griffon. Well, I think the implications are that what we've issued so far are just--one of them is a metallurgical report and the others were urgent recommendations, which I supported, for CITGO, but it doesn't allow--it didn't allow for the full assessment that our kind of investigations would do to look at the higher-level causes of an incident.    And that's what the stakeholders are interested in. They don't want to know just why the metal failed; they want to know what caused it to get in that State in the first place.    Mr. Griffon. I believe that these were old investigations, and some of the investigators did leave the agency, yes. But there was a lot of work that went into these, I think overall 800-and-some-thousand dollars put into these three investigations, so I was at least interested in hearing more about what could be done with these cases with our current investigative team. They can certainly pick up the evidence that's there and work with it.    Mr. Griffon. Oh, absolutely. And I think, you know, that's why we do this work. It's not simply to know why the piece of metal failed. The stakeholders want to know more, and that's what we can provide.    And for the two investigations, even the fact that some investigative staff had left, CITGO and Silver Eagle, they were put into the action plan as part of an overall refinery study. And I thought that could be a reasonable option since we maybe can't do full reports on those investigation. We don't want to lose those issues; they are very important. After this meeting, the action plan was updated to eliminate the refinery study and those investigations.    Mr. Griffon. In my view, it would seem to be the case, yes. And I made a motion to table based in part on that fact.    Mr. Griffon. Yes.    Mr. Griffon. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Griffon. Well, I mean, I think--I go back to something I've been requesting for 4 1/2 years, which is an overall investigations plan and the ability of the Board to make these decisions. And, you know, these investigations being canceled in the dark of night in California wasn't the appropriate way to deliberate on these.    There were other proposals put forward, as I said, of having a larger refinery study, where these investigations could've been incorporated into that. I'd be happy to deliberate on that and decide that as a Board, not--not in the fashion it was done, no.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, that's correct. I think that along with other important checks and balances were lost when they canceled. And I have my binder here of the 18 Board orders.    Mr. Griffon. You know, no opportunity to study these. I think perhaps going through these one by one and making revisions, that might be appropriate, but to sweep them all away I thought was ridiculous and lost a lot of the important checks and balances of the Board oversight over the Chairman's administrative and executive function.    Mr. Griffon. No.    Mr. Griffon. It was requested last May, and I have requested it for several years. It was pointed out by a 2013 EPA IG report that we should have an investigative plan. So it's been pointed out a number of times, yes.    Mr. Griffon. Right. This was along the same lines. We--Dr. Rosenberg and myself requested that. We attempted to make a motion in a public meeting to have another meeting. We also later did a written motion for the same request, to simply have a business meeting to hear the status of all open investigations and what our path forward was so that the Board actually had some input into where these investigations were going.    Mr. Griffon. They were denied. The last vote was calendared, essentially tabled, to be taken up, ironically, at another public meeting. But it was--it was a procedural block, essentially.    Mr. Griffon. There has been no--there is something called an action plan--which was never published, by the way--and it was modified, as I said, after the last California meeting. But it essentially is a list of investigations that they think they're going to complete within the year. It's not a--it's not a full plan.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. Yes, I am familiar with it.    Mr. Griffon. We had a prior group that did an assessment, the Carden Group, and the reason we did the followup was at the recommendation of the Carden Group that they need--that we needed to have another management consultant to help us look through the problems and make recommendations to reform.    Mr. Griffon. Yes.    Mr. Griffon. Yes.    Mr. Griffon. The primary issues point to senior leadership and the failure of senior leadership, failure of senior management, and there's several things about faulty communication, no ability to have dissenting views. All these things are very consistent with previous employee surveys we've seen, also the testimony of other Board members, very consistent.    Mr. Griffon. Yes.    Mr. Griffon. Yes.    Mr. Griffon. I'll just say that I've--at this point, I've lost all confidence in the chairman.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. I actually got a briefing from the head of Vantage in which he told me that the only way to fix this organization is going to involve a Marshall Plan, and I think that's pretty accurate.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. And, you know, I think, you know, all this starts with leadership, and I think if--hopefully going forward, leadership will realize that the Board has to lead together. The chairman has to work with the Board instead of going around Board orders, marginalizing Board members, et cetera.    Mr. Griffon. I think, you know, I think the evidence speaks for itself as far as the problems with management, and I think it should involve a careful assessment of whether he is the appropriate person to----    Mr. Griffon. Well, I think the number--I think part of it is that the Board--we've had the--a series of maneuvers and operations and ways to get around orderly Board order--Board orders are governance, and I think if the Board can make a commitment to say that we will all follow the Board orders, then a lot of the conflict on the Board would go away.    That certainly contributes to it, but I also think it goes deeper than that. It's the ways in which staff are not--a fear of retaliation. There's a real fear of retaliation. There's not an openness for dissenting opinions to be shared, so it's much deeper than that. But this has gone on for quite some time. I guess my biggest disappointment is, even after the hearing in June, I urged everyone to reflect and let's try to reform. And I think instead, we continue to deflect and defend: It's lack of resources, lack of staff. It's never management problems.    And I think they are--the evidence is there. It's very clear. We have to accept them and try to actually reform the place.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. Board Order 28 came about after some--some earlier arguments in the life of the Board, of governance on the Board, and it delineated the authorities of the chairman versus the Board as a whole, and it allowed for several checks and balances, including voting on budget allocation of funds as well as the appointment of heads of administrative units as well as large expenditures. And I think some of these I referenced in my opening statement that some of these principles were outlined by Senator Lautenberg when this initial dispute was going on. He thought that those checks and balances were very important, and I should also point out that, during a period of time under Carolyn Merritt, it seems that these Board orders, perhaps there were arguments here and there about them, but overall, they operated under those Board orders, and they were pretty productive, and I think that was working. And if you want to amend these, they should be done by the full Board, not----    Mr. Griffon . In the dark of night.    Mr. Griffon. No. I think even when--even when we were supposedly operating under Board Order 28, Chairman Moure-Eraso appointed a person to an administrative unit head, which I objected to, in violation of that Board order. It should have been a Board vote for that position, and he--he proceeded with the appointment unilaterally.    Mr. Griffon. I had no notice of the motion, you know. Other issues have been under discussion for years, but if you can't get a majority to support amendments to Board orders, then they don't move, so that's the way a Board should operate. This was clearly a--planned out when the Chairman had the votes.    Mr. Griffon. Yes, I can't come to any other conclusion, yes.    Mr. Griffon. Yes. Yes. Absolutely.