    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you so much for holding this important hearing.    I think what you were just talking about, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Lurie, I'm curious about what is BARDA, and HHS, and NIH doing to support and facilitate these platform-based technologies that you're referring to against the known and emerging threats? You've kind of talked about it a little bit, but what are you actually doing to support platform technologies? Dr. Lurie, you want to start?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Dr. Fauci, anything else you want to add to that?    Mrs. Brooks. And is there anything we need to be doing to encourage this so it does go faster?    Mrs. Brooks. Let me ask Dr. Lurie about money. Speaking of money.    Mrs. Brooks. I'm confused because the President requested just $350 million for the special reserve fund for FY 2017, and the language that was included in the President's request would expand the allowable use for the SRF. This was a reduction in funds, if I'm not mistaken. It was a reduction in funds for the SRF, and so how is it that the President can put that in his budget, reduce those funds, and yet we're still needing to do all of these things we need to do with respect to other threats like anthrax or smallpox?    Mrs. Brooks. But, Dr. Lurie, why did the President request a reduced amount of funding?    Mrs. Brooks. And so you're not concerned about the level of funding with respect to material threats.    Mrs. Brooks. You believe it's sufficient?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Dr. Frieden, I'm very concerned about the stockpiling, the strategic national stockpile, and could you talk to me about things that BARDA, CDC can do to improve the effectiveness, the coordination of the strategic national stockpile because I don't think we're ready.    Mrs. Brooks. What does that mean?    Mrs. Brooks. Based on the hospitals and the folks I talked to back home we seem to lurch from crisis to crisis and I'm very concerned that we are still not ready. Thank you, I yield back.