    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    Mr. Horowitz, the IG report we're discussing today would seem to suggest the DEA's tolerance level for prostitution depends on the local culture in which the--what we'd call offense occurs. For example, your report says the DEA inspector told us that prostitution is considered a part of the local culture and is tolerated in certain areas called tolerance zones. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Ms. Leonhart, does the DEA recognize that prostitution is embedded in certain local cultures and by implication, therefore, tolerable, and that you recognize--the agency recognizes tolerance zones for prostitution?    Mr. Connolly. So it's always wrong in terms of your policy no matter where, no matter when, no matter what the circumstances.    Mr. Connolly. And that's an explicit policy?    Mr. Connolly. There's a chapter called ``Thou Shalt Not''?    Mr. Connolly. OK. Mr. Horowitz, did you confirm that?    Mr. Connolly. It was not no case.    Mr. Connolly. I'm going to get to that, but did you find an explicit policy in their personnel manual, human resource policy that explicitly barred such illicit activity.    Mr. Connolly. So, Ms. Leonhart, when you said to me just now that's a violation of our existing policy, you meant the new existing policy. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Well, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You just said to me that the tolerance zones referred to Colombia, not to DEA designating tolerance zones, in which prostitution, in fact, was legal. You just cited something that refers to illegal, but if you go to Colombia, it is not illegal in certain parts of the country, and does--did your policy, therefore, in a sense open the door for what we would consider in most of the United States illegal activity that was not prohibited in the host country?    Mr. Connolly. Well, apparently, some of your agents, when they went to Cartagena thought prostitution was not included in that litany.    Mr. Connolly. Well, I don't think that's what the inspector general found.    Let me read to you further from the report: According to the inspector, it is common for prostitutes to be present at business meetings involving cartel members and foreign officers. The DEA inspector also Stated that the acceptability of this type of behavior affects the way in which Federal law enforcement employees conduct themselves in a particular country.    So what you just read to us not withstanding, the practice seems to be very much contingent upon local acceptable practices and were influenced by that, your policy not withstanding. Would that be fair to say?    Mr. Connolly. Would the chairman allow me one more question? I just have one more question if the chair would indulge.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Perkins, the report talks about FBI providing employees with extensive predeployment training regarding conduct abroad and has done the most to prepare its employees to make day-to-day decisions, unlike, apparently, DEA or even the Secret Service.    Can you comment on that? I mean, does your training program, in terms of deployment overseas, explicitly deal with issues like prostitution and the sense of dishonor it brings on the United States if its employees engage in that kind of activity?    Mr. Connolly. And final point on training, Ms. Leonhart, does DEA have a program similar to the FBI in terms of predeployment training?    Mr. Connolly. OK. Thank you. My time is up. Mr. Chairman, I just would like to pursue with you at some point this whole issue of training because I think that has a great bearing on what was allowed to happen.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.