    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Russell. So I guess you are in favor of us having Floor debates on these issues, and that is great hearing that coming from your side. We would like to have those sooner rather than later.    Ms. Plaskett. It wasn't a question. I was just making a statement so ----    Ms. Plaskett. Sure.    Ms. Plaskett. I would agree to that, and I have agreed to that, and I believe the Democrats have done that when this body also has respect for itself by bringing those things to debate and to the Floor and not disrespecting the American people by manipulating the rules so that that doesn't happen.    Mr. Horowitz, the committee appreciates the work that went into the audit over the course of the 3 years in the seven facilities, and the committee itself is in the middle of its own investigation of inventory practices. About 33 agencies received a letter from Chairman Chaffetz requesting the documents, and thus far, 22 have responded. Many of these agencies have either no losses or recovered all lost weapons, and that is really great news.    From the responses we have received, it appears that the vast majority of firearms losses result from theft from a Federal agent, including vehicle and home break-ins. What are the best practices, Mr. Horowitz, for reduction of incidence of theft?    Ms. Plaskett. And are there penalties in place for individuals or Federal agents who do not follow those procedures, and have they been put on those individuals that break those rules?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay, great. And the inventories, you do believe that all inventories should submit to occasional audits, correct?    Ms. Plaskett. And does that happen? How does that happen?    Ms. Plaskett. And when will that revision go into effect?    Ms. Plaskett. And why not sooner?    Ms. Plaskett. So next spring you will be able to give us some outcomes of what that inventory, when you begin testing it, might have looked like?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Thank you. One of the other things the ATF says that there are currently--just a moment--sir, the number of agencies that have not reported their numbers, so we got from others, were you not able to conduct an extensive review for every Federal agency? How many agencies can you review did you say, Mr. Horowitz?    Ms. Plaskett. Right.    Mr. Horowitz.--so the law enforcement components there being FBI, DEA, ATF, Marshals ----    Ms. Plaskett. Who do you think have the most law enforcement or have the largest number of Federal guns or ammunitions or arsenal?    Ms. Plaskett. Mr. Orner, would you agree with that?    Ms. Plaskett. And ----    Ms. Plaskett. And of that, how many have you had losses or thefts?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Thank you. I have run out of time. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.