    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Chairwoman Granger, Ranking Member Lowey, Chairman Rogers, and members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on our proposed budget for our international programs.    As we meet here today, the U.S. economy continues to make considerable progress. By almost every metric, America has come a long way since the depths of the worst recession since the Great Depression. Last year we saw the best year of job growth since the 1990s.    Over the past 5 years, America's businesses have created 12 million new jobs, the longest stretch of sustained private-sector job growth in our Nation's history. At the same time, our economy continues expanding and forecasts project above-trend growth for this year.    American exports set another record last year for goods and services sold overseas, and our fiscal deficit, which has fallen by almost three-quarters, is forecast to decline even further in the next fiscal year. These achievements underscore America's enduring economic strength, and we can build on this progress with the right policies and bipartisan cooperation.    The President's Budget puts forward sensible solutions to keep our progress going, including replacing sequestration by cutting spending and closing tax loopholes. This commonsense plan would continue to rein in the deficit and put the debt on a downward path as a share of the economy.    If Congress does not act, defense and nondefense funding will fall when adjusted for inflation to their lowest levels in a decade. This would damage our national security, and it will keep us from making the investments that we need in key priorities to grow our economy.    But we do not need to follow this course. With the right policies, we can fuel economic growth, job creation, and opportunity while strengthening our national security, driving long-term prosperity.    The international financial institutions, which include the International Monetary Fund and the multilateral development banks (MDBs), are a critical part of this effort. Our investments in these institutions are some of the most cost-effective ways to reinforce economic growth at home and to respond to critical challenges abroad.    To that end, it is essential that Congress pass the IMF quota reforms. These reforms will put the IMF's finances on a more stable footing over the long term, help modernize IMF governance structure, and preserve America's strong influence within the IMF and, more broadly, as a leader of the international financial institutions.    As the international community waits for Congress to approve these reforms that we helped to design, emerging and developed economies alike are looking to other alternatives as a means of driving the global system forward.    Our continued failure to approve the IMF reforms is causing other countries, including some of our allies, to question our commitment to the multilateral institutions that we helped create. Until these reforms are in place, the United States runs the risk of seeing its preeminent role in these institutions eroded, especially as others are establishing new and parallel institutions.    The fact is the IMF reforms will help convince emerging economies to remain anchored in the multilateral system that the United States helped design and continues to lead. These reforms are a win-win for the United States. They retain our veto power and they do not increase our financial commitment. That is why we are determined to continue to work with Congress to get these reforms passed as soon as possible.    As a clear example of the IMF's role in promoting American security and economic interests, the IMF is providing Ukraine with critical financial and technical support. The IMF is a cornerstone of a broad international effort to support Ukraine amid extraordinary circumstances, and it recently approved an augmented longer term program that will allow Ukraine to pursue a sustained set of economic reforms.    Similarly, our investments in the World Bank and the regional development banks are key to advancing America's economic and strategic interests. My full statement that I submitted for the record lays out in detail how the MDBs help grow export markets, increase opportunities for American businesses, create jobs in the United States, and protect our national security.    I would like to highlight quickly a few of the areas where these institutions have recently advanced our priorities.    In Ukraine, the MDBs have stepped in to address the crisis and stabilize the country, increasing their commitments to nearly $5 billion.    In Central America, they are working to spur stronger economic growth, which will help address the root causes of the flow of migrant children to our border.    In Africa, they have taken a significant number of steps to fight the spread of Ebola and strengthen health systems.    To be sure, the MDBs are essential to global stability. Whether it is fostering inclusive economic growth, promoting food security or increasing natural disaster preparedness, they are making a difference. It is no surprise that, throughout our Nation's history, both Democratic and Republicans Presidents have made it a priority to invest in these institutions.    As you can see from our budget request, we are using what we have learned from the MDBs and specialized funds to launch a well-designed and cost-effective Green Climate Fund. This fund will enable the poorest countries to build resilience and will help cut carbon pollution globally, advancing some of our vital security and development objectives.    In closing, let me say that the world is looking to the United States for leadership and it is essential as ever for the United States to demonstrate that leadership across all of the international financial institutions.    This will, of course, require bipartisan cooperation. I look forward to working with all of you in this committee to make that happen. Thank you, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Secretary Lew. Madam Chairwoman, let me start with the policy and then come to the scoring. We have played an essential role in putting together a global response to the economic crisis in Ukraine.    There is no question that Ukraine has a lot of economic challenges apart from the security situation. They need to have enormous reforms. They now finally have a government that is taking those reforms seriously, and our support and the support through the IMF is part of what enables them to do that.    I think it is essential that Ukraine have the economic runway so that it can have the time to put those reforms in place. Frankly, while the security situation has to be settled down, if the economic situation isn't resolved, that will become something that is just an existential threat as well. So it is critical to Ukraine to get its economic house in order.    We provided a billion dollars of loan guarantees last year as a part of a global effort, including the IMF support I described, including bilateral contributions from other countries and from the European group, and it is being used to support the economic reforms.    We specifically designed our support last year so that as they reform their energy pricing system, there will be the ability to insulate the lowest income households, for example, from some of the burden. Because if they did not have the ability to make the impact on the most vulnerable of economic reforms manageable, the ability to carry out the reforms would have been jeopardized.    The cost of the loan guarantees does not get frozen for all time. It is a reflection of what is going on at the time the scoring is done. So, as I think you know, the risk in Ukraine has been rising because of the geopolitical situation.    As we have moved through from the first loan guarantee to the latest request, the cost of scoring has changed and gotten more costly because it is higher risk. We adjusted to that in realtime last year.    We would look forward to working with you to continue to adjust to it, but we have always used the current scoring at the time we have made our proposal as the basis for estimating the cost.    Secretary Lew. I was in Ukraine myself a few weeks ago and at the time, signed an initial memorandum of understanding that launched the process of getting the details worked out.    I met just the other day here in Washington with the finance minister of Ukraine, who is a real reformer and moving----    Secretary Lew. Yes, she is driving the reform agenda very hard. We agreed that our teams would continue to work as quickly as possible to finalize the terms.    Obviously our loan guarantees, as is the support of the IMF, has been conditional on the Government of Ukraine taking certain actions. I am pleased to say that last week the Government of Ukraine enacted the critical reforms that were necessary for the IMF to approve their package, which also frees us to move forward.    I am hopeful that we will be able to work very quickly with them and put in place a financing. I agree with you, time is of the essence.    In addition to the USAID, we work very closely with the IMF to try and make sure that the structure of the IMF package provided enough up-front support to provide Ukraine the ability to get through this very difficult period.    Secretary Lew. Congresswoman Lowey, let me start with the first part of your question on the Joint Plan of Action and its aftermath.    I think we all remember that, before the Joint Plan of Action went into effect, there were a lot of critics saying that it was going to provide massive relief from the sanctions.    We said that was wrong. We said, at the time, that it was very enumerated relief. We could say very much to the dollar how much relief it would be, and that is the relief that Iran has gotten.    It is single-digit billions of dollars of relief at a time when there is tens of billions of dollars of additional burden being placed on Iran because of the existing sanctions that were not part of the Joint Plan of Action.    So over this period of time of the Joint Plan of Action, the actual pressure on Iran has gone up, not down. I think that is a very important point because we kept the oil and the financial sanctions in place and we essentially provided Iran limited access to enumerated amounts of its own money--not our money--and, in exchange, we got for the first time in over a decade a commitment for Iran to not just slow down, but actually take a step back on its nuclear program. We also put in place an inspection regime where we can actually see what they are doing.    So I think what we have seen over the year, year and a half, almost, that the Joint Plan of Action has been in effect, we have had the first period of time in recent history where we have actually arrested the development of Iran's nuclear program and seen it deteriorate.    I have read a lot and seen a lot of accounts of businesses going to see whether there is a future to do business in Iran. The message we have delivered very clearly around the world is, ``Iran is not open for business, and anyone who does business with Iran--until and unless there is an agreement which prevents Iran from having nuclear weapons which leads us to lift the financial and the oil sanctions--doing business with Iran is at your own risk because we are enforcing the sanctions, and we will continue to enforce the sanctions.''    There have been reports--oil exports country by country fluctuate on a month-to-month basis. I would be happy to get back to you with a more detailed response.    We have been working very closely with all of the countries that have been cooperating with the--and part of the sanctions on Iran. While there have been numerous times when I have heard the burden it is putting on other countries, I have also heard that they understand clearly that they know that we will enforce our sanctions and they do not want to get caught in sanctions enforcement.    I do not think that, if you look at the condition of Iran's economy today versus before the Joint Plan of Action, they have seen any big dramatic turnaround. They have seen a slight slowing of the rate of inflation and slide of the economy, but they are in a deep hole that they will not get out of unless they reach an agreement that we find acceptable to assure us that they will not have nuclear weapons.    We are not there. The negotiators are still working, as the President has said many times. At best, it is 50/50. We would be in a safer world if we have an agreement that is, clear, that will prevent Iran from having nuclear weapons. But until we are there, our sanctions regime stays in place.    As the President has said on many occasions and as I have said on many occasions, no options will be taken off the table if it fails. We will continue to implement sanctions, we will come back, if need be, with tougher sanctions, and no options have been taken off the table.    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, I know that we have different views on coal policy. But I think you have to look at how our coal policy fits in domestically and internationally.    We are very much of the view that we in the United States have to develop our energy resources. I think we have shown, over the course of the last 6 years, great success in developing our energy resources.    Internationally, our view has been that getting power into the poorest countries is critically important, and we have promoted a range of alternative fuels, both in terms of the less-polluting traditional fuels and renewable energy sources including hydroelectric power.    I think the policy we have had on coal distinguishes between the poorest of countries. In the poorest of countries, we have the exception that, if it is the only available power source, it is not treated the same as in other countries.    I do not think there is any way to distinguish between the environmental impact of carbon emissions in one part of the world from another. Our planet is one system, and it is not that we are trying to apply rules internationally that are exactly the same as the rules here. We would not have the exception for the poorest countries, if we did.    On the other hand, we know that as those countries adapt to meet the needs of their growing populations and their growing economies, they are going to need to develop sources that do not add, in a dangerous way, to the accumulation of carbon emissions. That is what our policies are designed to accomplish.    Secretary Lew. I think China and India are very important countries to work with. The President has worked with China. We have reached an agreement with President Xi on reaching goals that will help advance the reduction of carbon emissions. We continue to promote similar discussions in India, and they have committed to substantial commitment in other energy resources.    But I think the fundamental point is that the growth in consumption, growth in population, and growth in the economies in the emerging markets, is going to be a big part of where the additional power generation of the future comes.    They are going to need to adapt, and we, as a global community, as a world community, are going to need to help find alternatives that are sustainable, which is why we are working so hard with them like the Power Africa initiative is part of that. But the development of renewable energy sources in countries like China has been such a high priority.    Secretary Lew. Our preference, obviously, is that we promote the view that it should be a position taken by the international community, which is why we have taken the positions that we have in the international financial institutions.    I cannot disagree that there will be other sources of funding available for some continued projects, but our goal is to shift the focus of future development into areas that address the problems that we face globally in terms of carbon emissions. The solution is not for us to just proceed in a business-as-usual way.    As I mentioned earlier, we do have the exception for the poorest of countries, recognizing that there are some countries that have no alternative and there they should use the cleanest technologies available.    Secretary Lew. I did not think so.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, let me start with what the goal of the bank is, to fund infrastructure in Asia. It is an important objective. It is one that we share. There is a huge need for infrastructure in many parts of the world, in Asia, in Africa, even here in the United States. So we do not disagree on the objective of having a mechanism to fund infrastructure.    The concerns I have raised over the Asia Infrastructure Bank are that it is not yet clear what the governance structure of that institution will be and a concern that it not compete with the high-standard institutions that have been developed over the last 70 years, which promote very important standards in terms of labor protection, environmental protection, anticorruption efforts, and debt sustainability.    The point that we have made, both directly in our conversations with China and in conversations with other countries that were considering their participation, is that those issues really need to be resolved and addressed as countries make the decision whether or not to participate. We will continue to engage with countries around the world to make sure that, both in bilateral and multilateral efforts, these kinds of standards are an important part of the institution.    I would say that the conversation that we had earlier about the IMF, some of the back-and-forth, the importance of the Congress ratifying the IMF reforms is very significant. There is a lot of concern in developed and developing countries that the failure to ratify the IMF reforms in the United States, the last country to act, reflects our stepping away from those institutions and stepping away from the leadership role that we have traditionally played.    That is a very dangerous thing strategically and I think it is a mistake. The reforms are well structured to preserve the U.S. position in the IMF, and I think the congressional action to approve the IMF reforms would very much increase the leverage we have to have these kinds of conversations with other countries.    Secretary Lew. I must say I spend an inordinate amount of my time, when I meet bilaterally and in multilateral settings, defending our commitment to these organizations and making clear that we are still committed to getting the reforms approved.    Whenever you have to spend your time defending against suspicions like that, it just reduces your ability to do other business and it makes countries start thinking about do they need to develop other alternatives. I do not think that is a good thing for the United States, and I do not think it is a good thing for the world.    That is why I am committed to getting IMF reform done and I remain hopeful that we will be able to do it because it is just critical to our national security.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, let me start with the broadest principle, which is that economic sanctions can create economic pain and economic impact in a country.    We have gotten quite good at designing sanction regimes that can do that to affect the country that you are trying to sanction while reducing, to the extent that it is possible, spillover in areas that you do not want to see the effects felt.    What sanctions can not do is force a leader to change their view, and in the case----    Secretary Lew. In the Iran case, just to be clear, what I was describing in terms of the ability to enumerate quite precisely, was the relief in the Joint Plan of Action.    Because what we were essentially doing, for the most part, was freeing up access to resources that we had frozen and saying, ``You can get X dollars of your money out of it.'' That is a little different than imposing sanctions where there is a degree of uncertainty.    But as to Russia----    Secretary Lew. Well, obviously, what we have done is we basically cut them off from growth in oil sales and we have cut them off----    Secretary Lew. We have put in place limits on how much oil can be exported, sanctions against the violation of that that affect both the importers as well----    Secretary Lew . They all need to do business through U.S. financial institutions----    Secretary Lew . Which gives us the ability through U.S. financial institutions----    Secretary Lew. Well, we have the ability to tie up funds that the Government of Iran can't get access to, and we have the ability to sanction countries that engage in transactions that violate the sanctions.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. Well, the--the----    Secretary Lew. It is hard to give a general answer. You are asking about Iran. In Russia, we did some very different things.    Secretary Lew. In Russia----    Secretary Lew. In Russia, we did not put sanctions on the whole Russian financial system. We put sanctions on individuals who were decision-makers and close to people in the inner circle to create pressure on----    Secretary Lew. They do not----    Secretary Lew. Well, if your accounts are in the United States and you can not transact business anymore, that impedes your ability to get access to your money and to do new transactions.    For example, in Russia, we said, the financial institutions--we did this in concert with Europe. It was not something we did unilaterally--we were going to limit the ability to roll over debt. Russian companies that were sanctioned could no longer roll over their debt for a year, 2 years or 3 years. They were limited to very short-term rollovers.    Secretary Lew. Yes. Yes. And lenders who violate that would be violating sanctions----    Secretary Lew . And they do not want to do that.    The reason I was going to say it is a little bit hard to be entirely precise, I think we did an excellent job in Russia targeting the impact where we meant it to be felt.    But we have actually seen the sanctions have greater impact because there was a voluntary action to curtail financial relations because there was a fear that the sanctions would get tougher or a desire to stay very far away from the boundary line.    So it has actually had a slighly bigger impact, and then on top of that, the price of oil came down and a weakened Russian economy took a second hit.    If you look at the design of the Russia sanctions, we were working with our European allies, very much of the view that we wanted, to the extent that we could, limit the spillover into Europe and the global economy. I think we have been successful, to date, limiting that impact.    It also is not our view that the burden should be felt broadly by Russian consumers. It should be felt by those who might be able to effect the decision-making that was taking place. In Iran, it is much more of a blanket set of policies. So there is not just one way to do sanctions.    We have learned a lot over the last 10 years in terms of how to design sanctions more precisely, and they are more highly engineered. I think what we have learned in the last year, in the case of Russia, is that you can have a very significant economic impact without causing as much effect outside of the country as you might otherwise. What we have unfortunately not been able to do is change the decision-making calculus of the leadership in Russia.    In Iran, I think we did change their decision-making to the point that they came to the table. I believe that they came to the table to get relief. I think that the relief in the Joint Plan of Action was just a bit of a taste of what broader sanctions relief would be.    Their top priority in Iran right now is to get their economy moving and have some relief. I think that is the only reason that they are having a serious conversation about foregoing the development of nuclear weapons. We are not there yet. I can not say that it has been ultimately successful. But I do not believe this negotiation would be underway but for sanctions.    I wish I could say that we had made as much progress in the last year with Russia. We shall see.    Secretary Lew. There is no question that our sanctions regime puts Iran in such a seriously bad economic position that they do not have access to the revenues that would come from all their oil flows, to begin with. The amount that they do not have access to limits the impact, to some extent, of the decline of oil in the short run.    In the long run, they are an economy that is highly dependent on oil and I think it does weaken them, in terms of what their prospects are. Even in the short term, it has an effect, but it is not dollar for dollar. So I think in Russia it is much more direct.    You know, the challenge in Iran is that in order to maintain their oil industry at peak production level, it is more than access to their money they need, they need access to technology, they need the ability to develop resources.    We have through the sanctions made it harder for them to continue growing their oil capacity. Looking forward, they see sanctions relief as being critical to their economic----    Secretary Lew. I think their economy is in very bad shape. They still have very high inflation, very high unemployment. They still face a future that is very bleak. The only hope that is now in their economy is that, if there is an agreement, it will get better. That gets dashed pretty quickly if there is not an agreement.    The relief in the Joint Plan of Action gave, as I said, a taste of what relief would mean. But it was just a fraction of the ongoing additional pain that sanctions put on Iran's economy.    In the period of the first year of the JPOA, you know, it was about $40 billion of additional sanctions impact and roughly $7 billion of sanctions relief. It was still a great deal of additional pain because the oil and financing sanctions were staying in effect.    They want access to their resources. They want to be able to grow their economy. They are only going to get that if there is an agreement that we can have confidence that it prevents them from having nuclear weapons.    Secretary Lew. Absolutely. One of the things that I think has really been quite profoundly successful both in Iran and in Russia has been our ability to work with the international partners that we have.    Our unilateral sanctions against Iran could not be anywhere near as effective as they are without the cooperation of other countries, and it has required ongoing, continued engagement with them. That is one of the reasons we felt it was so important for us to not do anything that would be perceived as inconsistent with the agreement in the Joint Plan of Action.    Secretary Lew. First of all Congressman, these are issues that are still currently being discussed, what kind of sanctions relief should be part of an agreement, if there is an agreement. So, I do not want to prejudge what the outcome is. But I would say that in a world where there was an agreement with Iran, and Iran violated the agreement, we would feel perfectly within our rights to use every tool at our disposal. We have a lot of tools to put back in place, very severe penalties if we need to. Our ability to do that, if we needed to, even unilaterally, would be very widely understood if that violation was there.    Secretary Lew. What I do not think is different is that the world community agrees that Iran should not have nuclear weapons. That is why there is this very tight engagement, even at a time when there is so much tension between the United States and Russia over Ukraine, tight engagement on working towards an agreement that prevents Iran from getting nuclear weapons.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, if I could just go back to the point you made about the children in India.    Secretary Lew. I was just in Mumbai and Delhi a few weeks ago, and I have to tell you, I have never seen air pollution like I saw in Mumbai and Delhi. So the children in those cities are right now at risk for the air they are breathing, and I think we have to remember that as well.    Secretary Lew. Chairwoman Granger, my understanding of the downgrade is that there was a technical change in some of the credit-scoring rules, and it was not a reflection of a change in policy. So, I am not actually aware of it being due to any change of activity, but I am happy to check and get back.    Going back to the origins of NADBank, I think it reflects the close relationship the United States and Mexico have, that we undertake infrastructure projects on both sides of our borders. We pay for projects on the U.S. side, they pay for projects on the Mexican side. It is in the interest of the region in the United States and in Mexico, and it is a source of ongoing encouragement to the free flow of trade, which is very important in terms of U.S. exports as well as Mexican exports.    I am not aware that the inclusion of renewable projects has materially changed the structure of that relationship. The things that I have been most focused on, as I have talked to our Mexican counterparts, have been things to ease the flow of goods, roads, customshouses, and the like.    There was one more part of your question and I might not have answered it.    Secretary Lew. Oh, I do not believe it does. I think it is just a funding issue.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I will have to defer to my colleagues in the State Department who are engaged in conversations----    Secretary Lew. Yes. I have not actually gotten a report from the meetings that took place this week, so I do not have more current information.    But, let me go to kind of the broader principle about why we undertook the changes that we did. It was our view and the view, frankly, of many people in many administrations of both parties that the program that was in place was not having the positive effect it was intended to have. It was not opening Cuba up. It was not leading to the kind of change that is going to promote human rights and free expression and a move towards a freer economy in Cuba. That more contact with the American people, the easier flow of funds amongst family members and the opening up of easier financial transactions for our agricultural exporters and the like, would ultimately bring Cuba closer to where we think they ought to be.    I think it is premature for us to be talking about the full normalization. I mean, the international financial institutions, we are barred by law, as you know, from supporting their entry. We are not talking about changing the things that are as a matter of law, off limits. We have to take this one step at a time. We have opened a big door in a way that I think is going to promote the kind of positive change that I think we all want to see in Cuba.    I think more contact, more communications, more telephone contact, more Internet contact, more exposure to printed material from the United States, is all going to be part of it. I am hopeful that we will see the kind of change in Cuba that the Cuban people need, but that will also be good for U.S./Cuba relations in the long run.    Secretary Lew. Yes, I would be happy to, Congressman. The IMF reforms were negotiated about 5 years ago, to address the fact that the world has changed in terms of the size of different economies, the stage of development of different economies, but the rules at the IMF have not. It was very important to the United States that we maintain our position at the IMF, that we not see a dilution of our veto and the very substantial role that we play.    There was essentially a reallocation of shares and executive committee membership so that a couple of seats moved from Europe to the emerging economies. There will be share increases that move around amongst countries, all the while preserving the U.S. interests. It is something that was considered a very important step forward by the emerging economies. It is something that even the countries that are giving up shares that they would rather not be giving up would like to see finalized so that the institution is stabilized and it has the resources it needs to go forward. So, that means a lot of these emerging economies will contribute more.    We do not have to contribute more to meet the new levels of capital. We have, through the new arrangement to borrow, put money into the IMF during the financial crisis. That by simply moving those resources from the new arrangement to borrow into the general capital, we will meet our share of the new contributions. While a lot of other countries are bringing new money to the table, we are just moving it from one IMF fund to another.    I think it was a very good deal for the United States. It is a very good deal for the IMF, because it gives the IMF the resources it needs to deal with whatever comes over the coming years, and it is a good deal for the emerging economies who legitimately want to see some increase in their representation in a body that was designed before they were part of the world conversation.    Everyone but the United States has ratified. The United States is the last country. We have helped drive this forward, design it. It is an institution that we were fundamental to the creation of and the sustenance of. And our leadership in it is going to be challenged severely if we do not ratify the reforms. I think it is a good deal, and the sooner we ratify it, the better it is for both the United States and the IMF.    Secretary Lew. Well, there is a scoring impact for technical reasons, but just to put it in perspective, it is moving a commitment of roughly $60 billion from one fund to another and the scoring impact is a few hundred million dollars. It is not a very substantial change, even if one takes the view that the scoring is the measure of the change. I personally do not think the scoring is even necessary, but rules are rules and we have come up with proposals to cover that cost.    Secretary Lew. I think if you look at the IMF's involvement in the last decade, it has been a force for change not just to stop rogue fiscal policies, but to require that responsible fiscal policies be adopted as a condition for IMF support at a difficult time. Some have criticized the IMF for being too tough in demanding programs of reform in exchange for support.    I think if you look at some of the situations, whether it is Ukraine today, or Europe during the financial crisis, there are important national security interests and economic interests for the United States. I believe we have a serious national security interest in making sure Ukraine can survive through this difficult period adopting the kinds of reforms it needs to have a future that is free from the kind of corruption that characterized its past.    And without the IMF, I do not think those reforms would be as far as they are, and I don't think that they would have the runway that they have in order to withstand the very difficult security situation in the east. If you look at Europe, Europe is our biggest trading partner. If Europe had not had the IMF to go to, there was nowhere else to stop the spread of the economic crisis. The IMF was the first line of defense, and we, as a country that export quite a lot to Europe, that where the trade flows between the United States and Europe are a significant part of our economy, benefitted from that quite directly, not to mention the geopolitical risk of a totally collapsed European economy.    Even in the last 10 years, the IMF has proved it is an essential asset in the world financial order, and it provides the first line of defense. Just a few months ago, when everyone was worrying about Ebola, the first relief that went to African countries to give them the ability to deal with the situation, it came from the IMF, because they can respond quickly.    So I think that, like any institution, one can, raise questions of whether you would have done exactly what they did in one situation or another. We have a voice in that, that is very strong. I am afraid that that voice gets weakened if we do not come to the table having kept our part of the bargain, which is what ratification of the reforms is.