    Dr. Danielson. Thank you, Chairman. Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, EERE, at the U.S. Department of Energy.    EERE supports cutting-edge American innovation to dramatically reduce U.S. reliance on foreign oil, cut energy costs for American families and businesses, avoid the damaging economic and health impacts of energy-related pollution, and enable the U.S. private sector to create good-paying American jobs through innovation. EERE's efforts in three critical energy sectors--sustainable transportation, renewable power, and energy efficiency--supportthe research, development and demonstration activities that are needed to make clean energy technologies directly cost-competitive without subsidies.    While clean energy markets grew to approximately $300 billion globally last year, with trillions more in market opportunity in the years ahead, the energy industry significantly underinvested in R&D compared to other industries. The strategic importance of energy to American economic growth and security means that government has a necessary and needed role to make the appropriate investments in cutting-edge energy innovation to seize this clean energy opportunity.    My experience as an MIT-trained scientist and engineer, a venture capitalist in the energy sector, and as one of the founders of ARPA-E, has given me unique insights into what is required for the U.S. energy innovation ecosystem to be successful. From this experience, I have developed five core questions that serve as the guiding principles by which EERE prioritizes its investments in energy innovation. These questions include the following. One: Impact. Is this a high-impact problem? Two: Additionality. Will EERE funding make a large difference relative to investments being made by the private sector? Three: Openness. Are we open to new ideas, and the most promising new energy innovations? Four: Economic benefit. Will EERE funding result in enduring U.S. economic impact? And five: Proper role of government. Is this investment a proper role of government, or something best left to the private sector to do on its own?    EERE has shown that smart, targeted investments in clean energy innovation can have a healthy return on investment for taxpayers. As just one example of many, over a 30-year period, EERE funded R&D on advanced combustion engines resulted in a net benefit of about $70 billion, representing a benefit-to-cost ratio of 53 to 1, at a seven percent discount rate.    In terms of our fiscal year 2016 budget request, in fiscal year 2016, EERE is requesting from Congress $2.7 billion across our three sectors to continue these successes, and to enable the United States to remain a global leader in innovative new clean energy technologies. The $793 million request for our sustainable transportation portfolio would help consumers and businesses use less energy to move business and freight, and replace conventional fuels with cost-competitive, domestically-produced, sustainable alternative fuels. And we are making significant progress. In 2014, the five-year SuperTruck program exceeded its goal of developing a suite of cutting-edge new long-haul trucking technologies to enable a 50 percent improvement in freight efficiency one year ahead of schedule. Our fiscal year 2016 budget request will enable EERE to continue our focus on cutting-edge R&D, and advanced combustion and lightweight vehicles, developing new technologies that can diversify our fuel mix with drop-in biofuels, and enabling plug-in electric and fuel cell vehicles to become cost-competitive.    In our renewable power portfolio, EERE's request of $645 million will build on our R&D goal to enable the a development of multiple cost-effective renewable power technology options for every region of the country to diversify our power sector. Our fiscal year 2016 request will continue our SunShot Initiative's progress in making solar energy directly cost-competitive by 2020. Our request will also support the Frontier Observatory for Research in Geothermal Energy, or FORGE, a first-of-a-kind field laboratory, to address the key R&D challenges required to enable cost-effective advanced geothermal power, in addition to continued R&D efforts to reduce the cost of wind power, marine and hydrokinetic power, and hydropower.    Finally, in our energy efficiency portfolio, EERE's request of $1.03 billion emphasizes cutting-edge R&D and next-generation efficient building technologies, including high-efficiency, low-cost heating and cooling technologies. We will also increase support for next-generation manufacturing R&D to lower energy costs for American manufacturers, and create American leadership in the next generation of emerging energy-related advanced manufacturing technologies.    As just one example of these advanced manufacturing technology R&D investments, in January we launched the Institute for Advanced Composites Manufacturing Innovation, a public-private consortium of 122 leading U.S. manufacturers and research organizations that will focus on advanced composites, foundational materials that are three times as strong and twice as light as the lightest metals.    As EERE invests in high-impact research, development and demonstration programs to make clean energy solutions more affordable, accessible, and reliable, we remain fiercely committed to being a good steward of taxpayer investments. Over the past two years, EERE has implemented a new active project management approach under which we hold all of our projects accountable to annual go/no-go milestones, and under which we are more aggressively discontinuing projects that are not achieving key milestones to protect taxpayer interests.    In closing, EERE looks forward to working with this Committee to make necessary and appropriate investments in clean energy innovation, to continue to make our organization effective and accountable to Congress and to taxpayers, and to ensure that the United States wins the global clean energy race.    Thank you.    Dr. Danielson. Well, thank you, sir. Thanks for that question. It is an important one.    We and I do believe this is a reasonably balanced agenda as you look across the different sectors the DOE invests in. You have pointed out that fossil energy is at $842 million, nuclear energy at $907 million. Sustainable transportation is about $793 million, which is comparable to those numbers. That set of offices is where we do most of our work that relates to the transportation sector, which is where our foreign oil dependence is.    Dr. Danielson. Yes, I am quoting for the whole office.    Dr. Danielson. Okay, so in terms of R&D, I think maybe a better way to look at it is that the sustainable and transportation office is around $793 million. It is an important area to emphasize in that our transportation sector is where our dependence on foreign oil is. If you look at renewable energy, which is where we are addressing the power sector, and technology and the power sector, that is at $645 million. The nuclear energy office exclusively addresses the power sector, and so I think comparing the renewable energy number and the nuclear number is a reasonable thing to do. And then we are the only office that is addressing efficiency in the built environment, which is a sector that is not addressed by the other offices. And if you take out some specific unique deployment-oriented programs such as the Weatherization Assistance Program, or Federal Energy Management Program and our Appliance Standards Program, that is at about $600 million of research and development.    So I do believe this is a well-balanced portfolio. The Secretary is always very clear that we are funding all-of-the-above in the context of a low-carbon future, and in addition, that we are not looking to prescribe market share, we are looking to innovate across the board and let the market determine what the market share will be.    Dr. Danielson. Well, we are at a unique time in the history of a number of the technologies in the EERE portfolio where, after decades of long-term investment, we have gotten to the point where direct cost competitiveness is in our sights in the next, you know, 5, 10, 15, 20 years for a number of these technologies. And we are also seeing significant investments overseas to try to gain advantage in these areas, and so----    Dr. Danielson. Well, thank you for that question, Congressman. And congratulations on PNNL's 50th anniversary recently.    Dr. Danielson. There are some key areas where we are making innovation investments as it relates to grid modernization. One area is in the area of predicting solar and wind resources much more accurately, so using advanced modeling and simulation to develop tools that would actually allow utilities to know how much wind and solar are coming and when, which would allow them to much more effectively operate the grid.    We are also, you know, one of the most exciting and important emerging opportunities we have as it relates to the grid is the dramatic reduction in cost of distributed energy technologies. So Americans, more and more, have the opportunity to actually generate their own power on-site, whether it is photovoltaic power, combined heat and power from combustion to fuel cells. And also with the emergence of advanced information technologies over the last couple of decades, we now have the opportunity to set up a truly transactive market where, instead of having a modern--a grid system that only has a few hundred or a thousand generators controlled, we can actually empower the consumer to interact with the grid in a real-time way, and so that is something we are spending a lot of time and effort and innovation in is enabling that market--that transactive market so that homes can transact with the grid in a cost-effective way.    Dr. Danielson. When I get together with folks from across the utility industry, from the solar industry, from Public Utility Commissions, they all realize and recognize that the most cost-effective way to get to a low-carbon future will likely involve distributed energy, but making that transition is difficult. And so we have a Grid Modernization Laboratory Consortium where Pacific Northwest National Lab is the lead, where we are working with utilities to help them understand what those least-cost approaches are going to be, and how can they make the best transmission and distribution investments to enable the most cost-effective, reliable, resilient grid going into the future.    Dr. Danielson. Thanks for that question. It is an important one.    Just in the last few years, the Department of Energy has set up internal Tech Teams that have representatives from each of the offices of relevance, and in areas like grid storage or energy storage. And so we are actually very tightly coordinated, and if you look at each and every one of those efforts, they are distinct, they are synergistic, and they do not overlap. And so both in terms of our energy storage work that is related to electrified transportation, which is the primary role of our Vehicle Technologies Office, and then when you look at grid storage, that is a little bit more spread around the Department, including primarily the Office of Electricity, but also our Water Power Program does research in hydropower, which is not done in the Office of Electricity. And so it is a--spread around in a way that I think is perhaps unfortunate and not transparent, but it is highly coordinated.    Dr. Danielson. Well, thanks for that question. You know, the biggest--the longest pole in the tent as it relates to electric vehicles having a cost-competitive situation versus traditional vehicles is really in the battery cost. And as you mentioned, our Argonne National Laboratory has been an absolute powerhouse in terms of developing new advanced lithium-ion battery technologies. Indeed, they have developed basically a battery that is twice as good as any other battery out there, and early versions of the material they have developed are now getting into the market. But I am very optimistic. You know, right now, if you look at the technology we have, we are at about $300 per kilowatt hour. Something like a 100-mile electric vehicle would pay back at that price over five years. A plug-in hybrid of 40 miles electric range would pay back at about $200 per kilowatt hour, and a 300-mile electric vehicle would require a battery cost of about $125 per kilowatt hour. So we are at about $300 per kilowatt today, but with continued investments in innovation, using the cutting-edge scientific facilities at Argonne, in addition to an applied set of researchers that we are supporting there, and we have since the 90s, we are confident that we are going to get to that cost goal in the 2020 time frame.    Dr. Danielson. You know, I don't know the direct answer to that question. So the big difference that--I would have to just do the calculation, would be is that your----    Dr. Danielson. Okay.    Dr. Danielson. Thank you for that clarifying question.    Dr. Danielson. The--it is cheaper to build a centralized solar power plant per kilowatt hour, per megawatt than it is for a distributed----    Dr. Danielson. --but what I would like to point out is that it is a different--we are--it could be a different value, that if you are putting a rooftop system in, you are avoiding the retail rate, whereas if you have a centralized system, it is putting power into the grid----    Dr. Danielson. --at a wholesale rate.    Dr. Danielson. Okay.    Dr. Danielson. Well, this is something that we are looking to tackle with our Grid Modernization Laboratory Consortium is to look at long-term planning and system-level costs so that, you know, if you are able to put quite a bit of distributed solar out there, could that reduce your cost of building out more distribution or more transmission. And so, you know, we would want to make sure to do that analysis from a system-level cost basis.    Dr. Danielson. So on your first question related to the application of the five core questions of EERE, we don't administer the subsidy programs, so those questions wouldn't--I didn't develop those----    Dr. Danielson. --I developed those with innovation programs in mind. And then can you repeat your second question?    Dr. Danielson. Well, what we have seen in the development of many technologies, including clean energy technologies, is that, you know, this is something I saw when I was in the business world, is that innovative new technologies often find application in first markets where customers are willing to pay. For example, 35 years ago photovoltaic started in satellites. Now we have reduced the cost by 99 percent, and so now they are getting into the grid market. So I think an expensive electric vehicle, let us say such as what Tesla makes, is a first market adopter chance to get the EV industry going and drive volume----    Dr. Danielson. --and drive----    Dr. Danielson. Geez, I don't know the exact----    Dr. Danielson. Yeah. Yeah.    Dr. Danielson. Well, one thing I will point out is that the preponderance of the work we do at EERE is applied research, and early stage applied research. And so it is really cutting-edge innovation. It is not basic research in the sense that it is just exploratory and really intending to create knowledge--we are actually trying to develop technologies. And so I did want to emphasize that. But when we do analyses and look at what the impact can be, there is a lot of room for improving the efficiency of the combustion engine. There is a lot of room for improving the materials that a car is made of to make it much more lightweight. And we also see great opportunity in fuel cells and electric vehicles, and we are looking to innovate in these areas and help achieve cost reduction in these technologies, but it is ultimately going to be the market that will decide which of these get into the market.    Dr. Danielson. Well, thanks for that question. You know, one of the areas that we--is our primary research and development focus in wind is in wind plant optimization. So you find that when--if you have a wind turbine all by itself, it performs in a certain way. When you bring it into a farm, you typically get 30 percent reduction in the power output because of the way that the turbines interact with each other. And you also find that some turbines are getting a lot of turbulence from the turbine in front of them, and they will break in a shorter period of time than others. And so we have a consortium around our national laboratories focused on taking advantage of high-performance computing capabilities and advanced modeling simulation in the area of fluid dynamics to try to figure out how do you put together a wind farm, and how do you control it in a way that you can get that 30 percent back. So if you could get 30 percent more energy out of a windfarm without putting any more hardware on the ground, that is a significant cost reduction to drive wind towards direct cost-competitiveness nationwide.    Dr. Danielson. Thank you for that question. I actually don't know the answer to that question, but I would be more than happy to take it for the record and find an answer to that question.    Dr. Danielson. Well, thanks for that----    Dr. Danielson. Thanks for that question. You know, it is actually the shale gas boom that is creating a more competitive environment in terms of natural gas power generation. And so there is no doubt that if those prices remain where they are, that other forms of energy, renewables or any other, nuclear, are going to have an even lower price point to compete with to be competitive. But there are benefits to diversity in any energy system. There are many folks out there co-ops, for example, who operate their own grids who see value in the lack of a fuel cost associated with renewables, so as they are building out a portfolio of, let us say, natural gas-powered assets, they want to include renewables in that portfolio as a way to mitigate risk against price changes in natural gas, for example.