    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Fattah, and members of the subcommittee. I see Congressman Jenkins, good to see you again. I am pleased to testify today on behalf of the National Science Foundation's fiscal year 2016 budget submission.    In my written testimony I have addressed specific aspects of our budget request, including funding for our four cross-directorate programs, ``Understanding the Brain,'' ``Risk and Preparedness for Disasters,'' ``The Interrelatedness of Food, Water, and Energy Science,'' and ``Expanding Efforts to Broaden Participation in STEM.'' NSF believes that this budget comprises a strong request that is responsive to the national interest in science as well as science in the national interest.    In this, my oral testimony, I will address three more general questions. First, why do we fund what we fund? Namely, all fields of science and engineering, including the sociobehavioral and economic sciences. Secondly, how does our agency set priorities for funding? And third, what is NSF's long range plan, our vision for science? And Ranking Member Fattah, I will try to answer in one sentence your question about international and then perhaps we can follow that up in the rest of the testimony.    On the first question, why do we fund what we fund? Let me quote President Harry Truman, ``I have just signed the National Science Foundation Act of 1950. This Act is of tremendous importance because it will add to our knowledge in every branch of science. I am confident that it will help to develop the best scientific brains in the nation. It will enable the United States to maintain its leadership in scientific matters and to exert a more vital force for peace.'' So he was addressing just what you were talking about, Congressman.    NSF has long prided itself on adding to the knowledge base for all science and engineering. That is by statute not a narrow focus. Many of our important challenges require the perspectives and knowledge of both physical scientists and social and behavioral scientists. It is interesting to note that the last 51 Nobel Prize Winners in Economics have been supported by our Social, Behavioral and Economics Directorate. We believe that good research, often interdisciplinary in character, can inform us in the face of big scientific questions.    On the second question of setting priorities, we start with input from the large community of scholars, scientists, engineers, and educators. This can come in the form of decadal surveys, which set priorities for a discipline. NSF sets its priorities in part through these surveys. Examples include the Decadal Survey in Astronomy, and the recent Ocean Science Decadal Survey. We also support studies by the National Academies and carefully weigh the advice of scientific societies, NSF sponsored workshops, and universities and research centers. We balance all this external input with the input of our talented staff at NSF and then carefully put our budgets together.    Lastly on the third question, what is the ten-year plan for the National Science Foundation? I am reminded of a question posed to Condoleezza Rice, long before she became Secretary of State. She was asked what her strategic plan was for her future. She said that if she had made a strategic plan when she was young she would have been playing the piano at Nordstrom's. She was a gifted child pianist. The point is that some people, and for some agencies like the National Science Foundation which pursues the most fundamental research, planning needs to be highly flexible and adaptive to discoveries, insights, and advances that are unpredictable. It is limiting to plan for a future that cannot be envisioned. It is the opposite of what we were funded to do, which is to pursue great ideas of creative people.    I am an astrophysicist. When I was in graduate school, there were no known planets orbiting other suns. There was no detection of the Higgs boson. We had not discovered yet dark energy, which we now know to comprise 75 percent of the matter energy content of the universe. How could we not have known? Because the basic science had not yet been done, and we could not have predicted where it would lead us. Can we make a ten-year plan for where our research in these wondrous new areas will lead us? We can, and do, plan very carefully in as much detail as our current knowledge permits.    Our plan, which we update every four years, has been approved by the National Science Board. Additional details are filled in by those scientists and engineers who pursue fundamental research, wherever it leads. And exciting, new, and unexpected directions can be pursued precisely because of our flexibility.    And now let me just take--is the red light on there? Does that say five? Just one second to open the door to discussing international collaborations. As the recent report from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences said, and they addressed this in ``Restoring the Foundation,'' that the U.S.' place has slipped to number ten in the world as far as the expenditure of R&D divided by GDP. And we used to be number one or two a decade or so ago. So there is a lot of good hard evidence for our concern, in spite of the fact that we do spend substantial monies in R&D, as you point out Congressman Fattah: the rest of the world is relatively spending more, their first derivative is just simply higher than ours. And they are bringing back students and professors that we have had at our universities and giving them good packages there.    And everywhere we go around the world, and especially in Asia, we see the growth of universities and the growth of the investment. Just yesterday I was with the Prime Minister of Ireland, where we were celebrating St. Patrick's Day. And he was pointing out, as was his Minister of Science who leads their equivalent of the National Science Foundation, the substantial investment that Ireland has been making and that they have an enormous innovation product as a result of that and they are very, very proud of that. Much credit was given to the National Science Foundation for originally providing the model for that investment. So I look forward to your further questions in this and all areas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to address you.    Dr. Cordova. I appreciate the question. And even though as you said I am relatively new, I have been on this from the first moment I stepped in the door, I can assure you. And from my previous positions heading up a couple of our nation's great universities, I take the responsibility of excellence in management as seriously as I do our mission to further the progress of science.    I will just say a couple of general things and then address your specific questions. The Foundation is committed to working closely with the Inspector General and her office. I meet regularly with the Inspector General and we go over all the issues that are outstanding. I truly do believe, as you do, that it is only with the strong support of the Inspector General and Congress that oversight of taxpayers' resources can ultimately be achieved. And we are very appreciative of those efforts.    I will also say in a general sense, and I will be happy to send the particulars, that many of the Inspector General's, in fact I would say most of their observations and recommendations we have followed. We have saved the taxpayer monies in our travel costs in the last couple of years, the way we are doing virtual panels. We have saved in a number of other areas and I can detail them.    Dr. Cordova. Now on your specific issues. Sometimes as you know there is I.G. information that is given to Congress, and that information perhaps is not reviewed for a period after that even though NSF has responded to all the actions. So I will say, again in a general context, that it is important that we know exactly what you know from the I.G., when you know it, so that we can respond to you in a timely manner that yes, just two months ago we did such and such in response, or yesterday. In the case of one recent memo we did, we have issued our response, or we are going to in a couple of weeks. So there is kind of a timing issue here because we have been on all of the issues you have described and we have responded to each in turn.    For example, with respect to the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, NSF did apply a formal response to the alert memo on January 23rd of this year. With respect to two significant deficiencies, prior year's significant deficiency related to NSF's monitoring of construction type agreements, and NSF's practices, I can assure you we properly follow the OMB's newly clarified guidance pertaining to contingency funding and awards. This notwithstanding, NSF is going to continue to strengthen our controls for awarding and managing construction type cooperative agreements, exercise an enhanced surveillance in response to OIG concerns, and perhaps most importantly, we have with the great help and blessing of the National Science Board, represented today by its Chairman Dr. Dan Arvizu, who is sitting behind me. We have co-asked an external entity to provide us with a very thorough investigation, I would say ``study'', of our cooperative management vehicle. And we hope within a few months time to get the first phase of the study done. But it is a careful statement of work that addresses all of these concerns and really looks at the details. And we think that by putting it out in a very well recognized external entity they can address it properly.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, we are. And I would be able to follow it up with more detail. But we have it in our policy manual for our large facilities. That office has a new leader and we have really strengthened the policies and procedures in that manual, Mr. Chairman. We are moving in that direction. Now that is not to say we do not have areas where we disagree with the IG's office about following exact guidance of the OMB. And that is why we are asking an external entity to study this. But we have really tightened up our procedures and policies. And very recently we gave 292 documents to demonstrate this to the Senate in response to their questions on these issues.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you. Yes, the administration's brain initiative that focuses on developing new neurotechnologies is part of, but only a part of, NSF's efforts going forward, and just a part of our Understanding the Brain cross-directorate initiative, which includes cognitive science and neuroscience, and always has. We have always funded brain research at the NSF at the basic level    This time we are hoping with the new expanded initiative to involve engineering. I have the Head of Engineering here, Pramod Khargonekar, with me, and they are interested in a more systems approach to Understanding the Brain. And also physicists, and chemists, and getting more people involved, because we think that new discoveries will come from that.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Mm-hmm.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you.    Dr. Cordova. Mm-hmm. So Congressman Jenkins, we do, as I said in my opening remarks, really listen to decadal surveys. And there is an astronomy, the most recent decadal survey, and then followed up by as you pointed out the Astronomy Portfolio Review, in which they, within the context of a projected budget, set priorities. And because our budget is limited, we, in an effort to do new things and expand our horizons, also need to look with an eye to divest things that have been going on for a long time and afford us, with a careful divestment, of the opportunity of doing new things with limited dollars. And so the Astronomy Portfolio Review did identify Green Bank, among several other telescopes as you know, as being one to be divested. But the astronomy group does not do that lightly. So we have had an ongoing study, and we should have a report by the middle of this calendar year, on what the environmental landscape looks like, what potential partners could be. And we would like to proceed in a very careful orderly fashion.    I personally have talked with the President of West Virginia University about this and his deep passion for this telescope, and also previously with Senator Rockefeller, of course, who shared that passion. And we are, we are committed to doing the right thing. And a lot of these telescopes, of course, once they have been operating a long time are great for raising new students and giving them an awareness of the universe and an opportunity. And so we are looking at outreach opportunities, we are looking at training opportunities. And we will let you know just as soon as that study is done of what divestment options are possible.    Dr. Cordova. That is right.    Dr. Cordova. Well Congressman, there is a great indirect correlation. Because if we were, I mean, astronomy is a very expensive field. And these telescopes we were talking about earlier, LSST and DKIST among them, are big costly facilities which are deemed appropriate by the scientists and really the whole astronomy world comes together in this priority setting exercise. And so the budget, as you pointed out the budget request is 5.2 percent higher. That is not enough. It is over all fields of science and engineering, as you know. So there are budget numbers that are given, both constant and just a little bit of increase, to these review committees when they get together. And it is in that context that they make these decisions.    Dr. Cordova. Right. Well, I accept your challenge, Congressman Jenkins, and look forward to working with you.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. And I have talked as early as just one week ago with Administrator Bolden about the Arecibo Telescope. As you know, he has visited it recently. And so NASA is one of the potential partners. And divesting does not mean that it will not continue, it simply means that our share in it will be different at the end of it. And that is, that is not an unwelcome outcome if we have good partners and it can be sustained to do good science.    Dr. Cordova. Good morning, Congressman Kilmer.    Dr. Cordova. NSF does support significant collaborations between U.S. and Israeli researchers as you pointed out. In fact, I went through the tables and counted 57 such collaborations. These are typically as you know bottom up or researcher driven. However, in some areas there are specific opportunities that encourage U.S.-Israeli collaborations and these are built upon clusters of excellence that exist in both the U.S. and Israel.    I have made three trips to Israel myself, in fact I have an honorary degree from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. And I have seen the great technology prowess of many, many universities in areas where mutual collaboration is definitely warranted. So we look forward to, we do not set aside, as you know, particular money to collaborate with particular countries in general. But we are increasingly collaborating with international partners at the forefront of science.    And let me add something of interest also in response to your question, and to Ranking Member Fattah's question. Today we are putting out a public press release that announces the new head of our International Science and Engineering Office. And this is an office which you approved in our spending plan that to give it the proper attention I would separate it out as directly reporting to me, and now we have a new Head. And I think you will be pleased. I do not know if the notice has come out now, or in an hour from now, but I think you will be pleased to see who is going to be leading that and her background.    Dr. Cordova. The NSF recognizes of course the importance of arctic research and I am the Chair of a subcommittee of the National Science and Technology Council, which is an interagency committee devoted to research in the arctic. We spend at NSF about $150 million per year on arctic research, with about $100 million by the arctic section of Polar Programs and the remainder distributed throughout other programs in the agency.    Dr. Cordova. My understanding is that the cables are working very well, especially in the Pacific Northwest region. And they are a model for the investment. I personally am very much looking forward to our OOI getting fully implemented, which as you know will be very soon.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Congressman Jolly. Yes, I also have a background in a system, the University of California system that you might know has many, many community colleges. And I spent a lot of my time as Vice Chancellor at U.C. Santa Barbara and then Chancellor of the U.C. Riverside campuses being concerned with students migrating from community colleges to the University of California and the Cal State campuses.    I was also very much struck by a report that the California Council on Science and Technology did which showed that fully half of the science and engineers baccalaureates in the University of California system had their start at the community colleges. So that is a huge impetus. So that is one thing.    Another is in our Broadening Participation initiative, and as you know we have a big cross-directorate initiative for fiscal year 2016 called INCLUDES, and one of its purposes, its main purpose, is to broaden participation. As Congressman Fattah said, many of the international folks are being called back home. We have to further develop our own STEM national workforce. And the community colleges are a great place for this. They also represent, as you know from Florida, a significant change in the demography and we want to capture the hearts and minds. And from an astrophysicist, there is nothing like talking about the universe to do that for our students.    So how have we actualized that? We do have programs. And I have with me our Head of Education and Human Resources' Joan Ferrini-Mundy, who can describe more in follow up information on specific programs from community colleges. I know of a recent one since I have come on board, which is two dear colleague letters to these universities, especially the Hispanic-serving ones, to have them make proposals to fund more research experiences for undergraduate students at the community colleges. There is nothing like an undergraduate research experience. And I had such an experience and it changed my life.    Dr. Cordova. And Dr. Varmus at the National Cancer institute will tell you the same thing, that we both changed from being English majors to becoming scientists because of our research experience.    Dr. Cordova. Oh, I am here.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. And I completely agree with that. I have been informed that we are investing $66 million in Advanced Technology Education for community colleges----    Dr. Cordova . In addition.    Dr. Cordova. I think it is absolutely the area for the most dramatic advances. You know, it is interesting that we spend a lot to explore the first moments of our universe. We spend a lot to explore the nature of matter and particle accelerators. And the most complex organ that we know of in the universe is ourselves, our brains. And we know the least about that. There is a huge horizon for understanding it better. And I compare it to the days, my early days, when astronomy changed to astrophysics. The astronomers of yore collected photographic plates of the heavens and they made a lot of advances. In my own field, which is high energy astrophysics, so you have to get above the atmosphere, the real advances came when the physicists and engineers stepped into the picture. And they said we can launch rockets and satellites and new kinds of detectors, new sensors that we are developing through our young brains. And they made incredible advances. The field I ended up in, x-ray astronomy: we did not know there were x-rays given off by other astrophysical sources. And we do now because of technology. And so it is technology, I think in part, that will give us a better understanding. And that is why the emphasis on neurotechnologies, on how to image the brain in real time. And in addition through our social and behavioral sciences we will understand more about how people react and understand more about the behavior of the brain. But both are necessary. We need the technologies in order to really investigate the brain.    Dr. Cordova. Wonderful. I have a t-shirt with Santa Cruz and my own field on it, cataclysmic variable star with U.C. Santa Cruz on it.    Dr. Cordova. I just want to connect.    Dr. Cordova. We have, as you know, a whole division that is focused on computing infrastructure information for science and engineering. And we have a lot of assets around the United States in high performance computing. In previous testimony I have talked about results from the Blue Waters computer, and from the Texas Stampede computers. But those are only two of the many facilities that we have. So I would be very happy, Congressman Honda, to provide you with backup materials that describe all of those assets and exactly what the plan is for advanced computing infrastructure going forward.    Dr. Cordova. Right. Well, thank you. Well, clearly we believe that the social and behavioral and economic sciences is a vital part of our whole portfolio. In fact, so vital that if one looks in detail at our cross-directorate initiatives for fiscal year 2016, one can see that the social and behavioral sciences are very much involved in all of those.    The social and behavioral and economic sciences study with scientific tools the behavior of institutions and individuals and response to change. SBE is NSF's smallest research directorate, representing less than five percent--    Dr. Cordova . Of the total of NSF's research and related activities account, and around three percent of its total portfolio. The impact of the social and behavioral sciences has been enormous. You asked for a couple of examples. I will just give you a very few. We contributed mightily in the social sciences to the FCC's notion of spectrum auctions, which have netted over $60 billion in revenue for the federal government. That is the apportioning of the airwaves via a practical application of game theory and experimental economics. Almost 20,000 kidney transplants take place in the U.S. each year and the waiting list continues to grow. A Nobel Prize Winner funded by NSF led a team of researchers that developed a computational technique that greatly expanded the pool of safe exchanges in the chain of cooperating pairs of donors and recipients. A third example would be in SBE-funded research that studied nonverbal communication cues that has been picked up by the Army, specifically the Army Research Institute, which now incorporates nonverbal communication education into soldier training. And you can imagine where that would be very important. And then in the mid-1980s that directorate, SBE, made a commitment to fund the National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis at three universities. I had the opportunity to visit one of those and see close hand----    Dr. Cordova . The tremendous things they are doing. And it has really changed the whole development of the multibillion dollar geographic information industry. So those are just a few select examples.    Dr. Cordova. Mm-hmm.    Dr. Cordova. Great. Well, I am hoping, Mr. Chairman, that our recent instructions, our guidance as of the beginning of this year--it came out at the same time as the new OMB guidance at the end of December--our guidance to investigators to now have a non-technical part of their abstract that will directly address how the science that they are proposing serves the national interest will really serve to have that moment of focus in which we all take cognizance of what you just said, how important it is to do just that.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, he did.    No, I would be very happy to do it, and let me also welcome your family members here.    Dr. Cordova. It is good to see you.    And I would like to point out to them that the leader of our STEM initiatives, Joan Ferrini-Mundy--Joan, if you would raise your hand--is here. Yes, is great that you brought them here.    So, yes, we do--so, let me say to all that we--the NSF spends considerable monies across all the directorates--it is not just in Dr. Ferrini-Mundy's division--on what we call broadening participation. And that is to encourage students at all age levels, young and older, to get involved in STEM--science, technology, engineering, and math--and perhaps just be happy to be inspired by it, like I was inspired by looking at the night sky when I was a young woman. And that encouraged me to become an astrophysicist, where I could ask questions and do studies of the stars and galaxies, or even become a scientist or engineer.    And so we have many, many programs, and in the new budget that we are proposing,--one of our four major initiatives is called INCLUDES; it is an acronym, but it also just stands on its own. It is to include more people in the whole science and engineering enterprise. And what we are trying to do is the following, we have a lot of great efforts going on everywhere I go across the country, and I do make many visits to universities and colleges and schools. I see wonderful outreach efforts, everything from science fairs to very sophisticated involvement of undergraduates and graduate students in science.    And what we do not see, what we realized is lacking, is that other places do not know of these great efforts, and so we are trying to build, as I know the Chairman has asked us to do so, an online resource, for one thing, so that teachers--I have a daughter who is a teacher of young students in elementary school--so that they will have the tools that they need in order to help students do more experimentation, enjoy science, and really understand better, the scientific method that leads to discovery and innovation.    So INCLUDES is an effort to network all the good stuff that we are already doing across the country in a much more profound way in order to raise the next generation to be more involved and knowledgeable about science and engineering.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, and we will be happy to give you the details on that. We have made a big investment in that at the urging of Congress, that our students who are getting more cybersecurity education are then getting the opportunities to work for those agencies that are really very involved in it, and we think this is a great contribution to the nation. And when I talk with university presidents, it has actually encouraged them to have new curriculum in their universities for students who want to learn more about cybersecurity. It is obviously something that is incredibly important to us on a very personal level, if you buy something online, and a much bigger level, when it comes to agencies and companies and all the assets that they have. We want to protect them, so, yes, we have a big commitment there.    Dr. Cordova. We do have a program called ADVANCE, which is a program at universities to help women go through the whole university pipeline. I was actually the principal investigator for that program at Purdue University, and this has been extremely successful in ensuring that women are given every consideration in advancing along from being post-docs to beginning professors and then eventually full professors.    We also have a lot of family-friendly policies that we have adopted in our Career-Life Balance program, and that is available to our young scientists called career scientists and our post-docs. And I, again, in going around to universities, I always meet separately with groups of young women or young career scientists and minority scientists, as well, to listen to their particular struggles and how well is NSF doing in providing them with lifelines. They are very, very pleased at the Career-Life Balance. This means if they are going to have a child, we do some special things to give them extra consideration for timing and extra money for technical support. So we actually do give financial resources to help with their balance of life and career.    Dr. Cordova. Let's see, so how much time?    Dr. Cordova. Yes, of course.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you.    Well, first of all, I think inspiration can come from almost any source, and it has been very interesting to me in my own career. My first inspiration was--this was before we had Google--was in something called the World Book Encyclopedia. Anybody remember that? Yes. And so I was doing a science fair project and I opened it up to the atom and I saw the Bohr model of the atom, which any scientist will tell you is not a very good model anymore, but it was the questions. When I saw that the questions you ask are ``How do we know that?'' That is such an important question. When you hear about discoveries that are made and if you say that is amazing, how do scientists know that that is true? Well, the whole pursuit of science is about finding out the truth, and the truth is beautiful. I mean, that is the other thing that you learn, is that when you discover something for the first time.    And so to rapid, fast-forward my own career, in graduate school, when I was getting all null results on a class of star that I was looking at with telescopes on satellites, I was notified by an amateur astronomer that one of my star systems--they are binary systems--went into outburst. And I had enough chutzpah to confront my advisor and say, Let's use the last remaining gas on this telescope--it was managed by NASA Goddard Space Flight Center--to point at this object because I think you are going to see something extraordinary from it.    And he said, How do you know that? Well, fortunately, I had done the reading of the theorists about what could happen, so I crossed my fingers behind my back and I said, Trust me, I am your graduate student, I know this. And they pointed the satellite there and it was amazing--it was the first discovery of soft x-ray pulsations from a close binary star, and the signal-to-noise was something like 200, so it was not just a little minuscule signal in the spectrum; it was an enormous thing.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, visually by amateurs dating back to 1855 that would go into these optical outbursts. Nobody knew they were binary stars originally, but then they surmised that, and nobody knew that they would produce these copious x-rays because you have a degenerate star accreting mass from another star. So the degenerate star would, say, be a white dwarf that would accrete mass from a red star that was very close by, as close as the earth-moon connection. And all the physics that you learn in that process is just extraordinary.    So like anything else, one thing leads to another. But the process of discovery--so let me just share with you one more detail. So I was at Caltech at the time as a graduate student, and as I said, my thesis was all null results until that point, and I was over the top. So I went home--my parents lived close by in Pasadena--and my mother was in the kitchen. We have 12 children in our family; I have to set that stage. I came in and I said, you know, Mom, guess what happened? And I told her about these stars and the whole thing and she came up to me, put her hands on me and said, France, I do not understand a word of what you are talking about, but I understand that it is terribly exciting and I am just thrilled for you, and gave me a hug. So, you know, discovery is a beautiful thing and it leads many other scientists on different pathways and that is what it is really about.    Dr. Cordova. Uh-huh.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Automatically.    Dr. Cordova. Could you hold that up once more so while I talk?    Dr. Cordova. So this device that the Chairman is holding has many technologies that make it successful--not just one--everything from the plasma screens to the electronics to the batteries and so on. And on every one of those, I believe, the National Science Foundation has funded the initial basic research that went into that.    What Steve Jobs did when he put together these devices originally was to bring him and his team, bring all those technologies together. And that is another amazing thing about innovation, is it takes many different discoveries, and it is this, what if I put this with this, And what could I create? And also, I might say he was also an artist--he took calligraphy in school--and so he developed this beautiful optional choice of font systems and all that we have.    Dr. Cordova. Beauty is what makes it possible for a woman to have that in her purse and you to have that in your pocket and it does not take up, you know, as much space as a desk.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, and soon on our wrists or on our glasses.    So this is very important to put together all of these technologies to develop these products.    Dr. Cordova. Absolutely.    Dr. Cordova. No, this budget request is for this year. Just a couple of sentences about the background. The whole shell of the building will be built out by this fall, and our current budget request is for information technology and furniture and those sorts of things to get those all ready for the move-in. Any costs incurred by delays, which actually, we are now through a lot of work and a great head of that office that I hired recently, has made a lot of progress in moving back from the worst-case scenario. You were quoting kind of worst-possibility numbers, so I am looking forward to this. Those will come in the fiscal year 2017 request, those kind of delays.    But this year's request has to do with the things that GSA requires us to do in order to be ready for the building, which will be all shelled out by this fall.    Dr. Cordova. No.    Dr. Cordova. No, and as I said, we are really trying--working very hard to mitigate those, and as you can imagine, GSA is a great partner in that.    Dr. Cordova. In 2016, yes; that is my understanding, because they are long-term procurements.    Dr. Cordova. Okay. This is a really big deal.    When we last did this, I believe it was in fiscal year--when Congress last did that, it was in fiscal year 1999. Our budget for NSF was half of what it is now; it was $3.69 billion.    Dr. Cordova. Far smaller. It was around half, around 30,000 proposals, as compared to over 50,000 now.    So that is one thing to really keep in mind, the whole business of the merit-review process, the recognizing as we have all alluded to: the decadal reports, and the workshops and all the community input; that is a many-months long process. We start thinking about our fiscal year 2017 requests and how to do that starting in April, and that is at my level. The directorates have already been thinking about how to put together the budget, sweeping together all of these kinds of inputs.    And so the other thing--it is a very time-consuming process and I cannot imagine that if we had directorate-funded levels, then, do you really want all of those scientists and engineers in your office asking about--we will not use the lobbying word--but asking about setting priorities? We have these decadal types and other review processes, you know, in ocean science and planetary science and astronomy and astrophysics and so on. I have been tremendously impressed since I have come to NSF at how cross-disciplinary and working together all of the assistant directors who head the different directorates are, and they make these decisions about what to do and how to work together in order to leverage resources and make progress in certain areas that are deemed of great importance by the scientific communities, in a very rational, reasonable way.    And we have retreats on this. I went away for a couple days, twice last spring/summer with the ADs to really mull in detail how to put together a very good budget. We have spent much of this hearing talking about the nature of discovery and how one thing can lead to the other and you have to be very responsive. And we are able to do that because we have the flexibility in the directorates by working together to be flexible to be cross-directorate, and also to put the budget together through the wisdom of the program officers and directors on staff, together with all this other input.    And I think it would really be a different situation for Congress to have everybody in their door asking. I mean how do you choose, Mr. Chairman, between one telescope and another telescope? We have already had some telescopes discussed, at least four of them, at this hearing; how do we choose the priority in Congress without some, you know, decision-making process of NSF between a telescope and a ship? And there are just so many decisions going down to very small level in STEM education to, you know, the biggest facilities.    Dr. Cordova. Uh-huh.    Dr. Cordova. Mr. Chairman, I listened carefully to your----    Dr. Cordova . Remarks as I----    Dr. Cordova. I always will.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you. Thank you. Speaking as the head of the National Science Foundation, I agree.    Dr. Cordova. For the record, I do not have any comment on that. Dr. Cordova. To be a competitive vibrant nation, we do need to have all citizens engaged and certainly to have the access to science and technology and learn about those wonderful careers. So that is really what our initiative called INCLUDES for the fiscal year 2016 budget is all about, taking the different pieces, and you mentioned a few programs. We have a number that either focus on minorities, women, the disabled, or emphasize them more indirectly--taking all of those programs and maximizing their efficacy by tying them together and linking what we have learned in best practices so that knowledge base becomes something that everybody can use.    So it is really about scaling up our efforts. That is the biggest challenge that we have in the United States. It is not that we do not have wonderful universities and high schools in our various districts doing great things, but we have so many that have no idea and could really benefit from what we are learning.    So I have actually challenged our engineering directorate to help us think about a more systems-approach to expanding that knowledge base and those best practices. First, define what we know through evaluation and assessment, what we have learned, and then ensure that there is a network so that it connects with others so they can learn about how to do programs. Especially to marry programs to whatever their asset base is in their communities.    This is also going to be a community-action approach where we call upon local groups and mayors and even governors to work with our science and education from kindergarten through university to work on this.    Dr. Cordova. That is a point very much on the mark and we have been doing that, and actually, from the initial conception of this, we have expanded it to include the whole socioeconomic equation and equity, and I couldn't have more passion around this having my own children involved as teachers in these kinds of challenging school districts. So I have the vision of them in front of me as----    Dr. Cordova. Thank you very much.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you for your leadership.