    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much, Chairman King. And I too join in particularly welcoming Scott Lilly, as well as Mr. Steuerle and Mr. Eberstadt. Members of the Committee, this is a continuation of a decades-old line of attack by conservatives on America's longstanding commitments to aid the elderly and the poor, and I am not sympathetic with that point of view, and it is a legitimate one that even rational people can hold or claim is an important consideration.    Now, there are a couple things that we want to keep in mind before the testimony of our witnesses comes forward. The first is that mandatory spending and stopping the entitlement crisis are really intended to slash programs such as Social Security, Medicare, and even parts of Medicaid. These are the programs that comprise the great majority of mandatory spending in the Federal budget.    According to the Congressional Budget Office, Medicare and Medicaid alone made up 40 percent of all mandatory spending in the last fiscal year. And Social Security, Medicare and the Federal share of Medicaid, the largest mandatory spending programs, comprised a little bit over 50 percent of all Federal spending. The budget deficit and the future solvency of the trusts that fund Social Security and Medicare are important issues in this discussion that merit close consideration.    But instead of putting forth a proposal that would help raise revenue, there are friends of mine on this Committee, in the majority, who propose to fund all these and other social safety net programs through the annual appropriations process, a process that often becomes mired in partisan division.    And so while they may protest that they would leave Social Security and Medicare alone, keep in mind that other important social safety net programs, such as food stamps, better known as SNAP, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, better known as TANF, only account for 10 percent of the mandatory spending. So if the majority's plan for reducing the Federal deficit relies on cuts alone, you cannot do so simply by cutting funding for these important social safety net programs through the appropriations process. It cannot be done.    Subjecting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid recipients to an annual appropriations process threatens to harm the basic economic well-being of seniors and working people in need. And if you do not believe me, hold a hearing in your congressional district, and let people know what you have in mind, and I think I can fairly easily predict what the result would be.    According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, without any government income assistance, from safety net programs like Social Security, the Nation's poverty rate would almost have doubled in the year 2014. And so I am comparing some of these figures with what my colleague from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, has already promoted with great skill, and so I will cut this very short.    Imagine the harm it would do to the most vulnerable members of our society if the funding for these programs were held hostage to yearly budget negotiations, or benefits were withheld because of a government shutdown, which, as we know, has occurred before. Unfortunately, this scenario is entirely possible, maybe even probable.    And so lastly, mandatory spending provisions are not a historical accident, where Congress gave away too much power to the executive. Rather, they more nobly reflect the Congress' commitment to the American people; to care for the elderly after a lifetime of considerably hard work, and to aid the working poor. Mandatory spending for programs like Social Security and Medicare is simply based on the need to ensure stability in these and other vital programs, so that the most vulnerable in our society can be assured of minimum income standards to meet their basic human needs.    And so proposing to subject these programs to an annual appropriations process cannot be a very humane or charitable strategy. It may be accidental or inadvertent to denigrate the working poor and the elderly as undeservers, undeserving takers, something which I would love to discuss further. But I welcome the witnesses, I thank the Chairman, and I look forward to the discussion today. Thank you, Mr. King.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman King. This has been very interesting. I would like to ask you all about the economic reality of income inequality in America, the wealthiest country on the planet.    And let me start with the senior fellow for the Center for American Progress. But I will come to all of you here. It is my understanding, shocking that one in five children in this country live in poverty, but that on a larger basis of private wealth, the top 1 percent of possessors of private wealth have a greater income than the other 90 percent of the citizens put together. Have you heard of that, mister senior fellow?    Mr. Conyers. And you know, this is not even taking into consideration the rather great improvement in the differences of income inequality because of collective bargaining, which has only recently come into our system in which people--we have such a thing as a minimum wage, and we have some progressives now arguing that a $15 minimum wage should be the bottom of the income level, which leaves more conservative people that come before the Congress apoplectic, that we would pay somebody a minimum of $15 an hour. Would you begin our discussion on that, Scott Lilly?    Mr. Conyers. Why do your two panelists on either side of you not agree with that comment?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much. Could I just ask if our other panelist, Mr. Eberstadt, did you have a view different from the--well there are two different views. Where do you come down on this discussion?    Mr. Conyers. Well, I thank you all for your interest. This is a conversation that, Chairman King, we could have another hearing on. And I congratulate you on picking this subject to bring these three experts before us on.