    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order. First, I would like to welcome our new members to the subcommittee. As we begin this new Congress, I look forward to working with my wonderful friend, the ranking member, Mr. Deutch, the returning members of the subcommittee, and our new members, so that we can continue to work in a bipartisan manner to conduct our oversight responsibilities and further advance our foreign policy initiatives and priorities in the region.    After recognizing myself and Ranking Member Deutch for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize any other member seeking recognition for 1 minute.    We will then hear from our witnesses, and without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record, and members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length limitations in the rules.    I would like to remind audience members that disruption of committee proceedings is against the law and will not be tolerated, although wearing themed shirts while seated in the hearing room is permissible, holding up signs during the proceedings is not. Any disruptions will result in a suspension of the proceedings until the Capitol Police can restore order. And we want you to stay because it is going to be a good hearing. So please don't leave or let yourself be left.    The Chair will now recognize herself for 5 minutes.    In the wake of the administration's failed attempt at achieving an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement last spring, Abu Mazen and the Palestinian leadership have increased in both intensity and pace their scheme to achieve unilaterally what they have refused to do so directly with the democratic Jewish State of Israel, which is establish an independent state of Palestine. The latest and perhaps most dangerous manifestation of this push was when Abu Mazen and the Palestinians acceded to the Rome Statute to join the International Criminal Court after last December's Palestinian-backed U.N. Security Council resolution failed. That the administration was unable to prevent the Palestinian leadership from going to the U.N. and then again to the ICC, underscores the notion that our credibility and leverage have waned so much to the point where our diplomacy efforts end up doing perhaps more harm than good. The situation and these problems perhaps could have been avoided had the administration taken a tougher stance with the PA using the only real leverage that we have, namely the hundreds of millions of dollars that we give each year, instead of coddling it and refusing to cut off the aid, hoping and wishing that Abu Mazen would change his tune.    President Obama should have immediately suspended all aid to the PA once the unity deal between Fatah and Hamas was announced. The letter and the intent of the law is clear: No funding can go to a power-sharing government that includes Hamas or a government that is backed by the terrorist group. Instead, the administration interpreted that the new PA Government was formed in a manner that did not trigger this law. That was a huge mistake, as it once again undermined our ability and credibility on the world stage, only served to encourage Abu Mazen to further challenge the U.S., to further challenge Israel, believing that he had been given the implicit support of the administration.    And now we once again find ourselves in a situation where the administration is refusing to follow the letter and the intent of the law in the wake of the Palestinians joining the ICC and the ICC opening an investigation into Israel over alleged war crimes. The ICC has already shown its overzealousness, which has caused concern. It admitted a non-state party. It is attempting to claim jurisdiction over a non-member state. It has signalled that it is willing to use political determination rather than legal ones, and it is essentially defining Israel's borders and the borders of a non-existent state of Palestine, which is completely beyond its jurisdiction.    U.S. law is clear that should the Palestinians join and initiate or support an investigation into Israel, all funding for the PA must be suspended. Yet the administration not only continued funding, but it requested $370 million for the PA in the President's budget released just 2 days ago. Congress must not allow the President to continue to ignore the letter and the intent of the laws that we pass. Abu Mazen must be held accountable for his actions, and the PLO must be held accountable, and we must also hold the President accountable to uphold the laws.    It is long past time that the administration reassess its policy approach to Israel and the Palestinians. What has resulted since the administration failed to achieve a bilateral agreement between the two parties last spring is a litany of foreign policy failures, one after the other. First, Abu Mazen and PA's ruling party, Fatah, and the designated terrorist group Hamas formed a unity government. Tensions escalated between Gaza and Israel, aided by the incitement from Abu Mazen which led to the brazen kidnapping and brutal murder of three Israeli teens by members of Hamas.    Hamas launched a full rocket attack campaign against Israel which then ultimately resulted in last summer's conflict in Gaza. Despite this, the administration continues to show its tone-deafness when it comes to the Israelis and the Palestinians. And it is easy to see how its efforts at peace last year actually encouraged Abu Mazen to push forward with his unilateral statehood scheme, which has brought us to where we are today. Yet the administration focuses its time and effort to alienate our ally Israel and has taken unprecedented steps to openly chastise and criticize Israeli leadership in the media. Talk about misplaced priorities and failed diplomacy.    And with that, I am pleased to yield to my friend, the ranking member Mr. Deutch of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Deutch.    I know that some of our audience members got here late, so before we proceed, I would like to remind our guests that they must remain seated, and they cannot hold up signs. And I would like to remind audience members that the disruption of committee proceedings is against the law, will not be tolerated.    Although wearing themed shirts while seated in the hearing room is permitted, holding up signs during the proceedings is not. Any disruptions will result in a suspension of the proceedings until Capitol Police can restore order.    We don't want to get anyone in trouble. So please don't make me do that.    Thank you so much.    With that, I would like to recognize the members of our subcommittee for any opening statement they would like to make.    And I will start with Mr. DeSantis.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, sir.    Mr. Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Yoho of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Boyle, one of our new members from Pennsylvania is recognized.    Welcome.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much and welcome to our subcommittee.    And I apologize to Ms. Meng for skipping her over, but I will get to you.    Curt Clawson of Florida is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Meng of New York is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Ms. Meng.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    And with that, I would like to--I don't think Ms. Frankel would like to make a statement, so we will go to Mr. Weber of Texas.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Mr. Weber.    And we are proud to introduce a new member of our subcommittee, Mr. Zeldin of New York.    Welcome.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Welcome.    And Mr. Connolly of Virginia is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    And now I am pleased to present our panelists. First, I am so happy to welcome back Dr. Jonathan Schanzer, who is the vice president of research for the Foundation for Defense of Democracy. He has written extensively on the Middle East and has chronicled the internal struggle between the PA and Fatah.    Thank you.    Then we welcome Professor Eugene Kontorovich, who is a Professor at Northwestern University School of Law. He has published extensively on the ICC, its jurisdiction, and the court's legal basis. The professor has been cited on leading international law cases around the world, and he is a regular contributor to the Washington Post.    Welcome, Professor.    And, third, we welcome back Ms. Danielle Pletka. She is the senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Institute. She served for 10 years as a senior professional staff member for the Near East and South Asia Subcommittee on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.    I don't know. Mr. Connolly, perhaps you served with her. Were you a Senate staffer?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Might have.    And, finally, we welcome back David Makovsky. He is a distinguished fellow and director of the Project on the Middle East Peace Process at the Washington Institute. David is the author of numerous research pieces on the Arab-Israel conflict and has just concluded a 10-month stint as Senior Advisor to Secretary of State Kerry's Israeli-Palestine Peace Talks Team.    Welcome all of the panelists. Your written statements will be made a part of the record, and we will start with you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Professor, you are recognized. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. If the gentleman would suspend, I am going to kindly remind the audience for one last time, that if you cause a disruption, you will be removed from the hearing room. So when each witness finishes his or her statement, if you would remain quiet and let the order take place. If not, the Capitol Police are here, and you will be escorted out.    Please continue.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Professor.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Ms. Pletka is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. A little bit closer.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Makovsky.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. If the gentleman would suspend, the Chair notes that there is a disturbance of committee proceedings. The committee will stand in recess until the Capitol Police can remove these individuals.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Makovsky. Give us 1 minute to close the doors, and then you can begin your testimony. Thank you. You may begin, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Excellent testimony.    And I thank our Capitol Police for helping us to restore order so that we can hear our panelists calmly.    I will begin with you, Professor. You have outlined several issues of jurisdiction and other legal problems with the ICC that should have precluded the ICC from accepting this non-existent state of Palestine to its membership. As we all know, the prosecutor has already launched a preliminary examination. Could you briefly--briefly--walk us through the steps that must be taken from start to finish for an investigation to take place? Does an investigation have to be initiated by the Palestinians against Israel? Can it be initiated by anyone on behalf of the Palestinians? And also the Palestinians attached a letter asking for an investigation into last summer's Gaza conflict when they signed the Rome Statute. Is it a reasonable reading of the legislation to say that when the Palestinians submitted this letter, they initiated the investigation because the preliminary examination is the start of the process and that cutting off the PA's funds would be consistent with the intent of the legislation? Also the administration's diplomatic efforts have clearly not been effective in preventing Abu Mazen's actions at the U.N. and at the ICC. So I ask our panelists, is there a better way that we can be leveraging our assistance, perhaps not to the Palestinians themselves, but to the international allies of the Palestinians or at the U.N.? Professor, we will begin with you about what kicks in the----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I am going to just cut you off there a second just because I am--I know you didn't finish your thought, but what about leveraging our assistance. What is the panelists' view of how we should do that, if we should change or not?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    And just 1 minute, Ms. Pletka and Mr. Makovsky.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. If you could make it quick because we messed up on the clock so I am probably out of time, but 30 seconds.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Point taken. Thank you so much.    Mr. Deutch is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Mr. Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Dr. Yoho.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    And we are going to try to get Mr. Boyle's questions in. We have a series of votes. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, sir.    And I apologize to Ms. Ming and Mr. Higgins, but we have a series of votes, including debate time. Is there anything that you would like to make a statement about before we adjourn the subcommittee?    I will submit it for the record. Thank you, Mr. Higgins. Without objection.    Ms. Meng, my apologies to you. I will be glad to come back. Okay. I just don't know. It will be a long time.    Witnesses, thank you so very much for being with us, and audience members and Capitol Police.    And with that, the subcommittee is adjourned.