    Mr. Walden. I call the subcommittee on Communications and Technology to order and welcome our distinguished panel, the chairman and Federal Communication Commission commissioners, thank you for being here this morning. Good morning Chairman Wheeler. Commissioners, thank you all for joining us.    I want to start this morning with two points of personal privilege. First, would you all join me in wishing Commissioner Clyburn a very joyous and happy birthday? It is not every day you turn 30, including today. But, oh, well. We know you think of it as a present to be here with us today.    Thank you for your great service to the country and may you have many, many more wonderful birthdays ahead, not necessarily celebrated with us.    Second, today is the last hearing that my good friend of nearly 30 years, an extraordinary counselor, Ray Baum will serve as a member of our committee staff. As fate would have it, our parents were friends back in the 1930s. Ray and I won back the seats that our fathers had both held and both had been defeated by Democrats in, when we were elected to the Oregon legislature in 1988. He followed me as House Majority Leader and then later served as a member of the Oregon Public Utility Commission, appointed by a Democratic governor. And then another Democratic governor appointed him to serve as chairman of the Public Utility Commission and he served as the chair of the state Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service as well. A really exciting topic, if anybody wants to get too deeply into, Ray can take you there.    He has given us more than the 5 years he committed, when I convinced him and his wife to come to Washington and I hope we all wish him well as he begins a new journey with the broadcasters. Ray, thanks for decades of strong, fair, and effective public service for Oregonians and all Americans. Godspeed on your new journey.    Mr. Walden. I would yield to my friend from California.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman from New Mexico.    Mr. Walden. Thank you. Now, on to our hearing.    We are entering what will most likely be, if tradition holds, the final chapter in the history of the FCC under Chairman Wheeler's leadership. As the record clearly shows, while we have worked together on many public policy issues, we have also been at odds at times on process and policy.    While the Commission began with a commitment to reform the agency from within, we know that the Commission has implemented only half of the recommendations of the 2014 FCC Process Reform Working Group. This is why I believe true reforms require changes in law that can transcend any particular chairman or any particular commission. The public deserves no less. Unfortunately, sharp divisions within the Commission are widely reported. With the rapidly changing communications marketplace, we have never needed this independent agency to work together for the public interest more than now.    And I have to admit there are times when I have expressed my displeasure with the FCC's actions and its failure to adhere to the will and intent of Congress. For example, notwithstanding passage of the bipartisan legislation requiring that existing JSAs be grandfathered from the FCC's controversial revisions to the ownership rules, the FCC's media bureau recently terminated a JSA in spite of this restriction, evoking a strong bipartisan rebuke. And the recent Senate report on how the chairman and his general counsel capitulated to the White House demands regarding net neutrality proceeding illustrates, without question, the willingness of agency leadership to subvert what I would call fair and open process to political pressure from the White House.    But that is not all. I am concerned about the FCC's actions regarding set top boxes and what that means for copyrighted programming and consumer privacy. While the FCC has wrapped its proposal in pro-competition and pro-consumer bunting a broad range of stakeholders, including content providers, program distributors, large and small, and civil rights groups have emerged pointing out that the proposal raises serious concerns about its downside. I am sure that we will hear more about that from our other committee members today.    Meanwhile, the chairman has circulated a proposal to impose privacy rules on ISPs modeled on those for the old telephone network. Instead of making the proposal public for all to see, all the public gets is a fact sheet. Words matter, to quote others on this committee. Mr. Chairman, I call on you to make that proposal available for all to see, including for commissioners to comment upon. And I think that would be helpful and important.    And the chairman has circulated his plan to expand the Lifeline program to subsidize mobile and fixed broadband internet access and contemplates increasing spending by $750 million. Again, because this proposal is not public, we have only the FCC's fact sheet to guide our understanding. While it appears the chairman has proposed a budget mechanism, certainly a necessary step, and reforms to combat waste, fraud, and abuse, which we support going after all of that, the devil is in the details as to whether they are meaningful details which we cannot see until the item is adopted and released. Notably absent from the FCC's marketing materials is a discussion of the financial impact of the proposal on the families that pay each month through fees on their phone bills to support the program.    These are all significant matters that will define how we communicate for years to come. It will not serve the American people if they are resolved in a manner that ignores opposing views, discredits opposing input on its face, and gives short shrift to collaboration in favor of expediency. Good process--openness, transparency, and accountability--honest policy debate, and compromise are the catalyst for balanced, sustainable outcomes.    Finally, let me end with this. If all goes as planned, and it appears that it will, the incentive auction will begin on March 29th. And I commend the Commission and its staff and the chairman for moving this process along. It has been a very difficult road, never traveled before. I consider the legislation that got us here some of the most important work to have come out of our subcommittee, legislation that reflected bipartisan agreement, reached through debate and compromise. I think it is something we can all be proud of.    We all hope the auction is a success. And, of course, only time will tell. Mr. Chairman, you have recognized this is only the beginning of a very complex endeavor. I was pleased to see that your staff has already turned to the post-auction repack issues. There are, of course, controversies about the sufficiency of the 39-month time line and the $1.75 billion set aside fund to fund it. In addition, I remain concerned about keeping translators and low-power television stations on the air as appropriate under the rules. I remind the FCC of the age-old requirement that licensed stations supersede unlicensed uses of broadcast spectrum. Know that we take these issues seriously, and I know you do, and will continue to work closely with you and your team as this phase of the post auction proceeds to make sure that the intent of the law is followed and that free over-the-air broadcast programming is not adversely affected.    Again, thank you for your good work on the auction.    I guess I have used up all the time I had. So, with that, I would recognize the gentlelady from California for opening remarks and again thank the chairman and the Commission for the work you do and for being here today.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back the balance of her time. The chair recognizes the chairman of the full committee, the distinguished gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Upton.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Walden. I thank the gentleman for his comments. And all time has been consumed. So, now we go to the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone of New Jersey for opening comments.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman's time has expired. All times has expired for opening statements. I want to again welcome the chairman and the commissioners here this morning.    And Chairman Wheeler, obviously, we are going to start with you this morning. Welcome back and I look forward to your comments.    Mr. Walden. But we would ask you to pull that microphone pretty close. Thank you.    Mr. Walden. Yes, you have got to get it really close. Really close. There you go.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And now we go to Ms. Clyburn for your opening statements. Commissioner, go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Commissioner. We appreciate your service on the Commission and your comments this morning.    Now, we go to Commissioner Rosenworcel. Good morning. Welcome. We are glad to have you here. And please go ahead with your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Thank you.    Now, we will go to Commissioner Pai. We are honored to have you before the panel again this morning. So, please go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Wow, that last point kind of got slipped in there.    Speaking of which, Chairman Wheeler, I didn't see Ohio State in the NCAA Tournament but my Ducks are certainly there.    ok, now, we will move right along to Commissioner----    Mr. Walden. Yes, we have got a long way to get even during the--anyway, back to football.    ok, now we go to Commissioner O'Rielly. Good morning and set us back on course.    Mr. Walden. Mr. O'Rielly, thank you. And we appreciate all the testimony of all the members and the chairman.    Commissioner, Pai, I have several questions about the privacy NPRM you are considering. Press reports indicate that the predicate is an assumption that ISPs have unique access to user data, thus requiring regulation. Is this true?    Mr. Walden. Seriously, you can't disclose even to us?    Mr. Walden. Chairman Wheeler, could you address this? I am confused as to why your fellow commissioners are not allowed to answer questions as to what is in the privacy proposal you have circulated but I understand you and your media team and others are free to speak about it in public.    This, to me, is an issue I know it is running that way. Perhaps it has run that way in the past but it seems peculiar that the other commissioners can't comment but you can. Will you let them comment? Can you address this whole----    Mr. Walden. So, what I said is that I had several questions.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. I think it is intriguing to me and disheartening to me that the Commission is set up in a way that the chairman can propose something, the chairman can talk about something, and I am not picking on you, personally, here, but just the way the system works. It is like if I proposed a bill circulated among all of us and then my friend, Mr. Doyle, is prohibited from communicating on it publicly or Mr. Pallone, I think you would have a different view of our process.    Commissioner Pai, is that not a corollary that, in effect, that is what happens? A chairman of the FCC, take Mr. Wheeler out of it, any chairman can propose something; that chairman or chairwoman can comment on it ad infinitum, the New York Times, anybody, but you, as a commissioner can't, even to us?    Mr. Walden. Commissioner O'Rielly, do you encounter the same problem?    Mr. Walden. Have other chairs done that?    Mr. Walden. And you are prohibited from commenting?    Mr. Walden. This just flies in the face of open transparent government, in my opinion, and needs to change. And Chairman, I would hope you would take Commissioner O'Rielly's comments to heart. I don't know if we have to pass something here, put an appropriation bill or what, but this is 2016. This is not 1816. We want an open and transparent process so the public can comment. We do it or we try to the best of our ability here by putting bills out for discussion. We have rules that are made available. Everybody has a chance. I think it just needs to change.    I want to ask one other question in the 7 seconds I have left and it is to you, Mr. Wheeler. The quadrennial review, broadcast ownership rules due by June 30th. I know you all have had a lot on your plate. I have commended you for the work on the auction and all but this one is a burr under the saddle, 8 years late. What is it going to take to get a quadrennial----    Mr. Walden. You will get it done?    Mr. Walden. So, it is going to be done this time by June 30th?    Mr. Walden. All right, my time has expired.    We will now go to the ranking member on the subcommittee, Ms. Eshoo, for questions for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Walden. Thank you. We will now go to the vice chair of the full committee, the gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Blackburn, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady's time has expired.    We will now go to the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, the former chairman of the committee, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Barton.    We will now turn to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle, for questions.