    Ms. Kuster. The answer is yes.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Chairman Coffman.    And thank you for your service in the Gulf War. We're all grateful for that.    Sunday marks the 25th anniversary of the end of Operation Desert Storm. And over the course of this quarter century, many veterans who served in that conflict have suffered from symptoms that are not readily identifiable or well understood. In fact, nearly 30 percent of Gulf War veterans suffer from Gulf War illness. These veterans still struggle to receive accurate diagnoses for their symptoms and access to needed health care. These veterans struggle to get effective treatment for their conditions. And for too many years, veterans suffering from Gulf War illness have been told: It's all in your head.    I think we can all agree today that Gulf War illness is not psychosomatic. Gulf War illness is a chronic, often painful, and sometimes debilitating disease. And our veterans deserve access to VA care and the most effective treatments for their illnesses and injuries.    I'm concerned that recent findings from the Institute of Medicine may have been interpreted by some to mean that veterans should only receive mental health treatment for Gulf War illness. I'm also concerned that recent research findings may be interpreted to deny Gulf War veterans and all veterans suffering from ill-defined conditions access to VA health care and effective treatments.    I wish to hear from all of our witnesses today so that we may begin to better understand the conclusions and recommendations of the researchers and experts in this field. It's so very important that we develop clear goals to ensure that our veterans receive access to health care, both for mental health and physical health symptoms, and the most effective treatment for their service-connected injuries and illnesses.    We know that veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars are also coming to VA hospitals in need of treatment for their symptoms, sometimes symptoms that are similar to those suffered by Gulf War veterans. That's why it's vital that the research continues so that we will best understand the very best treatments and continue to explore issues relating to causation in order to protect the health of our servicemembers going forward. I believe it's incumbent upon us to learn as much as we can about what are our Nation is asking from our servicemembers and their families when they volunteer and raise their right hand. We must recognize and be prepared to address the cost of that service and use our best efforts to ensure that our veterans are made whole again after returning home.    And here I might just add that the Chairman and I spent time together over Thanksgiving in Afghanistan. And one of the concerns is, if we don't understand the causation behind the Gulf War syndrome and exposure to toxins or other trauma, psychological injury, PTSD, TBI, and how this is all coming together, we're not going to have an understanding of what it means to put our current troops in harm's way in Iraq and Afghanistan. So I feel very strongly that we need to continue to investigate causation while we move forward with treatment for veterans that have already been exposed.    So thank you, and I yield back.    Ms. Kuster. Absolutely.    Welcome, Mr. Denham.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Mr. Hardie, for your service, and, Dr. White, for your reach, and to the whole panel for being with us today.    I'm just thinking of my own personal experience, not in wartime, but I had an illness that was connected with ingestion of volcanic ash. And I was very sick for a very long time. And so my empathy is with you and the veterans exposed to a substance like that, that you don't know, I learned later that it was really ground glass, and when it gets into your lungs, you do get sick. But it was that same feeling of the cloud coming toward you and the helplessness of not--not being able to protect yourself. So my goal here is two-fold. One is to make sure that we have a sufficient understanding to help the veterans from the Gulf War era. And, number two, and equally importantly for me, that we have an understanding to protect our servicemembers who are currently serving abroad.    And so my question, and I'll just put this out to Mr. Hardie and Dr. White, but if anyone else wants to weigh in, have we--I understand your frustration. And I'm just wondering, have we made any progress? Are there individual instances? Are there anecdotal stories of treatments that have been effective that could be more widely used? Let's start with that.    Ms. Kuster. So one of the things we're going to be doing a hearing, a regional hearing, of this Subcommittee actually coming to New Hampshire to talk about opiate use and some interesting research that's going on in White River Junction VA, to bring down the use of opiates using alternative remedies, acupuncture, mindfulness, some of the things that you've mentioned, because I do believe in that mind/body connection. And I don't mean to diminish anything about it. I know that there's certainly illnesses, thyroid illnesses, that type of thing, where it is so closely connected. So I think it's worth exploring these other treatments. And I guess--and because I agree with you that just throwing pills at it, throwing, you know, psychotropic medication that have these down sides with certainly suicidal ideation, et cetera. But just going forward, I'd love to talk with you all about--we're going to be looking hopefully at legislation about best practices in the VA on pain management. Maybe there's a way to bring in some of this research that has gone forward.    And I'd just--Dr. White, I have a very brief time left, but if you have any comments.    Ms. Kuster. No, and I need to yield back. But I agree. And the other half of my question, I--we won't get into it here, but I am extremely concerned that we get upstream on understanding the exposure, because, obviously, you know, I don't have to tell my colleagues that war is a dirty business. But at least we can do our best to protect our troops from smoke and inhalation and that toxic exposure.    So, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence.    Ms. Kuster. Yeah. Thank you.    This is a question for Dr. Clancy. And, again, my exposure and my experience doesn't compare to anyone serving in wartime, but part of the complication that I experienced with my lungs was, I was told that I had the lungs of a 90-year-old smoker. And I've never smoked a day in my life, and I consider myself a healthy person, but that's the kind of damage that can be done.    I'm much better now. But I'm curious--and this goes to Dr. Clancy, maybe Dr. Hunt--on the long-term impacts--well, we know from the IOM and just generally that cancers have a long latency period, 20 to 30 years in the case of lung cancer. This is a quote from the Lung Cancer Alliance, from the written statement: The median age for cancer diagnosis in the United States is 65, 70 for lung cancer, and the median age of Gulf War veterans, 1991, was 28. So, add 25 years, we're coming up on this cohort of veterans being 50 years or older, and I'm wondering, is there any action being undertaken by the VA--or could we encourage you to do that--where we would be providing lung cancer screening to Gulf War veterans that we have on the registry, or at least an initiative VA-wide, where we would put the word out for Gulf cancer veterans to get this type of screening? Can you tell me the status and just what that would look like and how we can move forward?    Ms. Kuster. Yeah.    Ms. Kuster. Yeah.    Ms. Kuster. So maybe what we're talking about then would be to take that approach and go back to the Gulf War veterans to bring them in to that. And I understand we don't have the specificity. I get the frustration--    Ms. Kuster. Right.    Dr. Hunt .--So prescribed screening occurs, and so we--if people have symptoms, we're more likely to pick up--pick things up more quickly.    Ms. Kuster. Right. And I think that, this way, you can bring people back in and, through their regular care, have the conversation about, we would recommend--and I understand, look, CTs for everybody in the world is going to be expensive, but to me, it's very important that we show that kind of care and concern.    I wasn't in Congress 25 years ago. I regret that people were treated this way, and I think we have a bipartisan support here to do better going forward. And, again, thank you for your service and, for all of you, for your interest today.