    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Ambassador, welcome back.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Meadows. And so I am trying to piece together some of the things you have talked about. So is there or is there not a reporting mechanism to report all open unresolved cases? Is there a reporting mechanism?    Ambassador Jacobs. Apparently, there is. We took a more narrow definition of the law.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So, yes, you said that earlier. So let me ask you, who took the narrow definition?    Ambassador Jacobs. The Department of State.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So Congress passed a law. It is up to you to implement that law. Is that correct?    Ambassador Jacobs. Well, first, we had to interpret it.    Mr. Meadows. Rulemaking. Right. But I guess the concern that I have, Madam Ambassador, is you have been here before.    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes, I have, sir.    Mr. Meadows. And we have had parents every time here before, and you got a little bit of a honeymoon phase the last time that you were before here. And by ``honeymoon phase'' I mean it was a new law, it was about to be implemented. And as we got this, you were here, and you were saying, ``Well, you know, we are going to make great progress.'' So now you are back with us.    My concern is is, if the State Department made that interpretation, and it was ambiguous, how much consultation did you have with either the author of the bill, with folks that actually did the debate? How much of that actually took place?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't know. I was not----    Mr. Meadows. May I suggest none?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't know if it was none, so I can't say that. What I can say is we did the best job we could on a compressed timeline.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I----    Ambassador Jacobs. Okay. We are going to fix it. You can keep beating me up about this, but, you know----    Mr. Meadows. Well, I am not beating you up. Here is what--let me tell you what I am doing. I don't have a child that was abducted, but I represent people who do.    Ambassador Jacobs. And so do we.    Mr. Meadows. And so it is imperative for us to get on the same sheet of music.    Ambassador Jacobs. And we are there now.    Mr. Meadows. But that is what you said in March when you came. You said ``Well, you know, we are going to work this together, and we are going to work toward this.'' So when will we have an accurate report?    Ambassador Jacobs. I believe within a week.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So within a week, you will report back to Chairman Smith and this subcommittee----    Ambassador Jacobs. There will be----    Mr. Meadows . And you will have----    Ambassador Jacobs . No----    Mr. Meadows . You will have----    Ambassador Jacobs. There will be no zeroes for Japan or India or some of those other countries, unless it is a true zero.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Thank you. How do we help you make this more visible? You mentioned mentioning to Ambassadors on codels, and let me tell you what my concern is because I am very involved with a number of Ambassadors, as Mr. Cicilline is, and human rights is something that is bipartisan. It is one of those few things where I will have Mr. Cicilline's back. He will have my back. And when we come to this, trying to do what is right, whether it is on this issue or other human rights issues, it is something that we can all agree on.    I guess the concern that I have is as I talk to those in the diplomatic corps and those that are out there, this is not an issue that is frequently talked about. And I guess my concern is, how do we do this in a polite, kind, but persistent and tenacious way? How do we help you help these parents?    Ambassador Jacobs. By being tenacious. I mean, that is what we have to do. We have made this, and I think that two Secretaries, Secretary Clinton and Secretary Kerry, have made children's issues a prominent part of what they really care about, one of their baseline concerns. And because of that, we get a lot of attention to the issue, more than in the past.    And with the new law, it really has energized many Ambassadors. I write to Ambassador Kennedy; she answers me immediately. She has three talking points on abductions that she uses in every meeting. Ambassador Varma in India, Ambassador Ayalde in Brazil, exactly the same thing. They have the same points that they use over and over.    It is always part of what they talk to when they meet with the Foreign Minister or the President's chief of staff or whatever high-level official in that country is at the meeting. And we need you to reinforce that message, to keep saying, ``This is really important.''    Mr. Meadows. So if we were to send them a YouTube of this particular hearing where they have got Democrats and Republicans that say that this is an important issue----    Ambassador Jacobs. I love it.    Mr. Meadows. You love it?    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Ambassador Jacobs. Sure. Why not?    Mr. Meadows. Well, here I would ask your help on something. Can you assure this subcommittee that, if there is ambiguity in the future, that you will check with us or have your counsel check with us, so that what we don't run into is the next hearing that we have, is that we have got these glaring omissions.    And I call them omissions; they may not have been out of commission, but they are omissions that indeed give the appearance that we are trying to protect certain individuals or give--and I am not saying that you did that, Ambassador.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Meadows. I am not making that--I am saying it gives the appearance.    Ambassador Jacobs. You have----    Mr. Meadows. And so do we have your commitment----    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Meadows . That if there is ambiguity at all----    Ambassador Jacobs. Please, sir.    Mr. Meadows . That they will get on the phone----    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely.    Mr. Meadows . With the chiefs of staff.    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely.    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. In person.    Mr. Meadows. Very good.    Ambassador Jacobs. Not on the phone.    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. Ambiguities are better resolved in person.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me ask you my final two questions.    Ambassador Jacobs. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. If you were to give your agency a grade today, what would that grade be?    Ambassador Jacobs. A B-plus.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. All right. So I am concerned with that.    Ambassador Jacobs. That is okay. And I am a hard grader.    Mr. Meadows. Well, but we are not grading on a curve. And so my concern is is for the vast majority of parents. Their grade would be much closer to a D or an F. And so how do we take their grade for you and your grade for you and work together where we can make it where it is a B-plus to an A? How can we do that?    Ambassador Jacobs. We know that without a return we are not satisfying the parents. I understand that. But it truly is not from lack of effort. Our diplomatic engagement is to persuade countries, whether through actions, but through words, and through meetings, and through education, that the return of abducted children is in their best interest. It is in the child's interest. It is in the left-behind parent's interest. And it will make their relationship with the United States better.    And that is my job, and that is what I and everybody that I work with, the 80 people in----    Mr. Meadows. I do believe that.    Ambassador Jacobs . That work on abductions----    Mr. Meadows. I do believe that.    Ambassador Jacobs . This is the goal. And maybe we get a B-plus on effort and work ethic and heart, and maybe we do get a D because we don't have as many returns as we want. But I think there needs to be some recognition of the amount of work that we put into this, the effort and the heartbreak.    This is not an easy job for anybody in children's issues. These get to the core of who you are as a human being trying to resolve these questions. And it is easy to say we get a D because the kids don't come back, but you need to think about all the effort and the work that we put into trying to get the children returned. And I am sorry if we fall short. I know that----    Mr. Meadows. I will close by saying that I won't speak for my two colleagues here, but I would imagine that the three of us are willing to drop whatever we have pressing as a priority to see us engage. If you need our help, not only will we be willing to help, but we will drop other things to make sure that this becomes a priority, because one of the greatest quotes that I enjoy is, it says no matter how beautiful the strategy, we must occasionally look at the results. And so that--we want to help you with those results.    And I will yield back.    Ambassador Jacobs. I am going to take you up on that.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you. I am sorry I was slipping out dealing with another emergency and votes. But thank each of you. My heart goes out to you. And truly as best I can, not being in your situation, will certainly try to understand it and be an advocate for each one of you.    I guess one of the frustrations--and all of you were here to hear the Ambassador, and I do believe that the 80 people that she mentioned truly want to solve this problem. There are all kinds of diplomatic hurdles, but the frustration many times can be with regards to the State Department and that there is the bureaucracy, there is the lack of connecting, consequences with inaction. And I think that is what we all see.    And so I want to ask, for those of you that have been dealing with the State Department, how would you characterize those conversations? Are they enough? I mean, let us take it back away from the results. But are they keeping you informed? Do you feel like when they say they are working on it that they are actually working on it? And really want to get your perspective of that, if we could. And we will just go down--quickly down the----    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    Mr. Collins, before we go to you, I will say there is sometimes a reluctance to share details because of the fear of lack of cooperation if you share. And so I would offer each one of you, if you feel like it is more appropriate, to reach out individually instead of under sworn testimony.    Feel free to adjust your comments privately, and that goes to the rest of you. Mr. Collins.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Collins.    Ms. Rutherford.    Mr. Meadows. Do you mean the State Department is saying that?    Mr. Meadows. Sure.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Meadows. And why did they say they had not?    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Meadows. So what you are saying is is that you are the source of some information at least for your State Department caseworker.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you. Ms. McGee.    Mr. Meadows. So I guess when they are saying this is a custody battle, and they are not wanting to weigh in, you are talking to lawyers at the State Department or just caseworkers?    Mr. Meadows. But they are giving a legal opinion?    Mr. Meadows. This is a softball question.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I know I speak for the chairman. If there is anything that we personally can do to help that process with the State Department, we will be glad to do that.    I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Chairman, you make a valid point. I will be glad on your behalf to try to work on that to make sure that from an official standpoint that we have a Web site. There are some privacy issues, you know, just like with you guys having to sign a privacy release. I can't talk to the State Department about your case without you giving me permission to do that.    Mr. Meadows. But there may be some ways that we can work that, and I personally will follow up and report back to you, Mr. Chairman.