    Mr. Keating. Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for hosting this important hearing today on the JOBS Act and the need to enhance capital formation. And I appreciate the invitation.    My name is Raymond Keating. I am chief economist with the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council. We are a nonpartisan, nonprofit advocacy and research and training organization dedicated to protecting small business and promoting entrepreneurship.    Access to capital has been a key issue, a central issue for SBE Council since our very founding. Indeed, access to financial capital, whether via equity or debt, is vital for entrepreneurs seeking to start up, operate, or expand their businesses. But at the same time, gaining access to capital has remained an enduring challenge for many, if not most, small businesses.    Long after this last recession and the start of this recovery, the value of small business loans outstanding is still down notably from the recent high set in 2008. In fact, there has been really no growth over the last decade. When you look again at the small business share of business loans, the value has also declined markedly; also the number of small business loans.    On the equity side, angel investment is a critical source of funding for startups and early-stage businesses. But here, again, the story has been one of underperformance and sluggishness in recent years. For all of 2014, the most recent year that we have full data for, those numbers are still down from the recent high hit in 2007.    So based on these numbers, the struggle for entrepreneurs to gain access to the financial resources needed to start up, operate, or grow continues to be difficult. There are many reasons for this, including the state of the economy; certainly the policy environment, including regulations, and not just regulation directly imposed on small businesses but also on financial institutions. After all, they are the source of capital.    The bottom line is that small businesses need more avenues to expand access to financial capital. In the midst of these struggles, of course, the JOBS Act was passed by Congress' bipartisan effort and signed by the President 4 years ago. And the focus here was on helping to stimulate the U.S. economy by promoting capital formation.    There have been clear positives resulting from the JOBS Act. We have heard some of that already.    I looked at an interesting summary analysis done by Locavesting.com, and it is outlined in my testimony. One point I would like to highlight from that is under Title II of the JOBS Act, allowing accredited investor crowdfunding, in effect, by letting private companies conducting private placement under Reg D Rule 506 to publicly market the offering. Before that, of course, they couldn't do that.    And we saw the results. They note, Locavesting, that in the first 2 years there have been more than 6,000 offerings conducted under Title II.    Of course, Title II goes into effect on May 16th of this year, allowing for public, including non-accredited investors--crowd--investors--investment crowdfunding to take place on SEC-sanctioned funding portals. As I say, like Kickstarter for investing, crowdfunding promises to release an immense pool of capital that has been locked away from entrepreneurs--those entrepreneurs in search of start-up and growth capital.    Even given the significant and positive changes being brought about for entrepreneurs and investors with the JOBS Act, there are areas in need of improvement. A serious concern persists regarding extra government regulation or placing too many limitations on the ability of entrepreneurs to gain access to capital and/or on investors' abilities to make investments in entrepreneurial ventures.    In terms of making headway toward reducing the costs for entrepreneurs, SBE Council supports the four legislative initiatives that we are considering here today.    In terms of one of those, the Private Placement Improvement Act, that would amend Federal securities law to ensure that small businesses do not face complicated and unnecessary regulatory burdens when attempting to raise capital through private securities offerings under SEC Regulation D, we are certainly on board with that effort and the other pieces of legislation offered here today.    To sum up, the effort behind the JOBS Act was to expand entrepreneurial opportunities in the financial area and in the broader economy. Those four legislative measures would make further headway in a positive, pro-entrepreneur direction.    Thank you for your time and attention, and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Mr. Keating. Sure. The bottom line is, why has Reg A-plus worked, providing various relief from the regulations you mentioned?    I am an economist. I like to look at the results. So when you see reports in terms of this being the sleeper and in terms of entrepreneurial ventures that have found funding where they wouldn't have found funding before, for example, this is exciting stuff.    This is exactly what we want to see done. Why would we want to backtrack on that for, from what I can see, no good reason from an investor protection standpoint or--you don't want to get caught in that regulatory turf game that we see so much in government, which may be the reason we got into some of this.    Mr. Keating. What we have seen in our results, as I mentioned in my testimony, the results of the various titles--    Mr. Keating. --and what is going on--right. So we see results; we see positive benefits.    And not just here. There are examples internationally. I mentioned in my testimony the United Kingdom and what they have done there and the tremendous growth we have seen in crowdfunding, both debt and equity crowdfunding there, and they have done it very smart from a regulatory standpoint, relying very much on the crowd, if you will.    So there are plenty of examples for us to understand. I, as an economist, fall back to Economics 101 and understanding incentives and how the private market works and are there incentives to present a good, solid platform that provides great opportunities for investors.    Mr. Keating. Yes.    Mr. Keating. Yes.    Mr. Keating. I can't speak to that. I know early on during this whole process, one of the examples that was mentioned for crowdfunding was the Statue of Liberty, the money being raised on that front.    Mr. Keating. It was done in that manner.    Mr. Keating. Right.    Mr. Keating. No, because I don't--    Mr. Keating. No, I don't, and the reason is, like Mr. Laws mentioned, we are talking about the entrepreneurs here that drive our economy, that create jobs, things that we desperately need. We desperately need more growth and more jobs in this country, so why would we want to, for example, have any kind of--again, within the boundaries of what we laid out so far legally--but why not extend the opportunity to more people? Why would we want to leave money on the table, if you will, for those looking to raise funds to build businesses and create jobs?    So if there is an opportunity, for example, in crowdfunding in Title III to raise the limit, yes, I think that is a great idea. My job is to open more opportunity for small businesses by reducing their regulatory burdens, and I think that is a great idea.    Mr. Keating. Yes. It is sluggish. I have laid out some charts in my written testimony.    I think there are all sorts of dynamics at work here. I mentioned the state of the overall economy, but you have to look at issues on the public policy front, and I think you have to look at regulation and how much uncertainty is created. What are the costs?    From a small business perspective, you have to plug this whole debate into the overall regulatory picture, and that has been a very ugly picture from a small business perspective in recent years.    So where we have--we either have uncertainty in so many areas, or where we don't we have increased costs. The JOBS Act has been a wonderful exception to that, where it was a deregulatory effort, a reform effort that really expanded opportunity for small businesses to get access to capital.    So yes, I think part of the question on the angel investor front comes from the regulatory aspect, absolutely.    Mr. Keating. Absolutely. As I said, you want to--you don't want to--from a small business, pro-growth, pro-entrepreneurial perspective, you don't want to be leaving anything--anybody out of this equation that obviously is--that understands what they are getting into.    And it is important to mention--fraud is thrown around a lot, but fraud is not the same thing as risk in the marketplace; it is not the same thing as business failure; it is not the same thing as losses. Those things are all going to happen in the real world of business, so as long as people understand that--    Mr. Keating. I agree.    Mr. Keating. If they do their homework, I see no reason why middle-income America cannot do their homework and make wise investment decisions.    Mr. Keating. I think some of--    Mr. Keating. I'm not a financial advisor, but I would say that if you have extra money for investment purposes and you think you want to support entrepreneurial ventures, perhaps some in your State or your district, your neighborhood, and you have that opportunity and you choose to do that and you do your homework, that is great. Go for it, and I hope you make a lot.    Mr. Keating. I don't know if there is data available for me to answer that, but what I can say is on an individual basis, as an economist, that if you do your homework, you are going to--listen, investment--there is no guarantee here. I said very much at the outset that you have to recognize the risks. You have to--    Mr. Keating. You asked me, would I advise somebody, and I said yes. Do your homework, be smart about it, and yes, go ahead and make the investment if you think that is wise.    Mr. Keating. I think by definition, they are arbitrary. I think you are better off leaving it to individuals to make their own decisions, and it is also important to understand that with crowdfunding, investors are warned of the risks on the portals, so they have to go through a test. So they are going to be made even more aware of the potential risks involved.    But, yes, I default to the American people and the individuals over choices made by the government, yes.    Mr. Keating. Absolutely. And your point about the little guy on both sides of the equation is what we are talking about here. We are talking about not just the small business being--getting access to capital, but the small investor having that opportunity where they didn't have it before, to be able to get in on the next great thing that is coming, as you said, out of somebody's garage.    Mr. Keating. I think it goes back to the crowd aspect of crowdfunding, right? The wisdom of the crowd here is critical, and technology allows that where it didn't certainly in 1933 and 1934. So the fact that you have these communications and you have the crowd evaluating these investments is central to the whole effort.    Mr. Keating. I'm sorry?    Mr. Keating. I don't know if it makes it useless. Hopefully not. But certainly I think the limitation, but also on the portal end of things, clarity on their liability and the liability issue I think is crucial and I--it is addressed in the one piece of legislation here, and I think that is certainly a big issue in terms of competition on that front and a flourishing number of portals.    And by the way, to really plug this very quickly, but Crowdfunding Demo Day on May 16th, SBE Council is part of a group that is going to be here in Washington giving demos on everything that we are dealing with today and I urge everyone to come. So there you go.    Mr. Keating. It all comes down to that cost, and that is why when we talk about scaling Federal rules, look at the data and there is data produced by the SBA and a whole host of other entities, if you will, that show that regulatory costs certainly fall much more heavily on small businesses. To take us the next step and consider the regulatory costs on startups and it becomes even more daunting.    So when I mentioned before the issue on angel investing, that is certainly in the equation here, in terms of both on the supply and the demand side of the equation. So any time you can open up avenues here through reduced costs for entrepreneurs to gain access to capital, it is a positive development.    And by the way, just understand that the SEC and certainly the State regulatory bodies have that ability to prosecute fraud no matter what.    Mr. Keating. My immediate response is those small financial institutions are crucial for small businesses. That is the bottom line.    When you look at their share of loans to small businesses, they are it. They are critical.    So again, the regulatory cost--for example, Dodd-Frank and so on--for--fall more heavily on them, and small businesses get hurt as a result.    Mr. Keating. Actually, the best way to answer that, it is a broad, overarching issue. I think it is a broad overarching issue for the entire economy.    When Mr. Griggs talks about the IPO market, when we are talking about angel investment, when we are talking about the decline in business loans to small businesses, that is all--there are a whole host of issues in there, but overarching is the state of this economy, a recovery that is growing at 2.1 percent when we should be growing, if you base it on history, at almost 4.5 percent.    So it all goes--but then the question becomes, why is that? And I will go back to, it is pointing policy in the wrong direction in every possible area you can think of in the last several years, especially on regulation. We have been in a hyper-regulatory market on a whole host of fronts. But taxes, as well. No leadership on trade.    I will even pick on the Federal Reserve while I am here, in the sense that they have been saying that they are saving the economy, but in terms of the monetary policy that has been run, it is without precedent and I have never heard so many small business owners say, ``What is going to happen with what the Fed has been doing?'' And they have never talked to me about the Fed every before because it is uncertainty now. Nobody knows how this is all going to come out.    So I would say it is an overarching environment, and then you can go down and drill down into all sorts of individual regulations and taxes.    Mr. Keating. Sure. We are concerned with applying those to portals. It doesn't make any sense when you think about what the anti-money-laundering laws--    Mr. Keating. Yes. My understanding is that it is under consideration, that it has been kicked around, if you will. And I believe FINRA said no, but now, from what I understand, Treasury is--it is at least being kicked around there and we are concerned about that because it is tremendous regulatory costs. There are examples of foreign banks not wanting to deal with American depositors, and so on and so on, because of the tremendous regulatory costs.    So if you apply that to portals, that would be catastrophic, I think, in many ways.    Mr. Keating. My quick response is that we have seen positive results with Reg-plus. I noted those in my testimony. But certainly, again, limiting--I think that limitation, if you will, leaves money on the table, and why would we want to do that, as I said earlier.    Mr. Keating. Again? I'm sorry--    Mr. Keating. Oh, this, again, goes back to the engine of the economy. When we are talking about--we have heard wonderful things today about small businesses and how vital they are. Well, they have to get capital to make it all happen, whether it is through debt or equity.    So when you are looking at these regulations, they very much have a direct impact on small business and therefore the economy, without a doubt.