    Mr. Everett. Thank you, Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Subcommittee on Nutrition for the opportunity to speak before you today. My name is Jeremy Everett. I am the Director of the Texas Hunger Initiative at Baylor University. THI is a collaborative capacity building project that develops and implements strategies to end hunger through research, policy, and community engagement. Headquartered at Baylor University, with 12 regional offices across the state, THI convenes Federal, state, and local government stakeholders with nonprofits, faith communities, and business leaders to create an efficient system of accountability that increases food security, and is an evidence-based collaborative model, a model we call informed engagement.    Informed engagement is a cyclical process of research informing on the ground strategy, and subsequently on the ground strategy informing research. This process leads to evidence-based solutions that have the potential to make Federal nutrition programs more efficient for the state, and more impactful for low-income Americans. Our work within local communities across the state is guided by three core assumptions. First, hunger and poverty are too complex for sectors to address independently of one another. Second, public and private partnerships are an effective means for coordinating access to SNAP and other Federal nutrition programs within a larger continuum of care. And third, research and evaluation provide a foundation for practical evidence-based solutions.    Assumption one, hunger and poverty are too complex for sectors to address independently of one another. When the Texas Hunger Initiative began in 2009, we identified thousands of organizations working tirelessly to address food security in Texas, however, there were still more than five million Texans living in food insecure households. A big reason for this is they were not coordinating with each other. We realized that our first priority needed to be building public and private partnerships.    Assumption two is that public and private partnerships are an effective means for coordinating access to SNAP and other Federal nutrition programs within a larger continuum of care. In congruence with Baylor's aspiration of informed engagement, THI, and its partners across the State of Texas, are fostering public and private partnerships to maximize the efficiency of nutrition programs and develop local solutions to address hunger. Public and private partnerships are collaborations among state agencies and local organizations that bridge local, state, and Federal resources to maximize the efficiency of programs, while increasing community ownership.    Our third assumption, research and evaluation provide a foundation for practical evidence-based solutions. As a part of the informed engagement process, our work building public and private partnerships are continuously evaluated. Being at a university, we are in a unique position to engage in research and evaluation that is both collaborative and actionable. Every project we engage in is informed by existing research on food security, and evaluated by a research team.    Because community-based initiatives are innovative, and often in a continuous state of development. We utilize the aspects of developmental evaluation. Our goal is to make sure that our programmatic decisions are informed by research and evaluation, and that research and evaluation are informed by what we are doing programmatically. When public and private partnerships are carefully informed by research and evaluation, stronger networks are likely formed between clients and local organizations, thus building a foundation for increased social capital for low-income families.    Social capital, a measure of trust, and reciprocity in social networks, is positively associated with household food security independent of household level socioeconomic factors. Thus social capital is a compliment to anti-hunger and anti-poverty programs because it strengthens the assets and resources that exist within disadvantaged communities. Stronger networks, social capital, and Federal nutrition programs are all important components for building food security.    Our efforts at the Texas Hunger Initiative demonstrate informed engagement, and are building a foundation for evidence-based solutions. We believe that allocating resources to the Hunger Free Communities line in the farm bill will expand the capacity of informed engagement in public and private partnerships, resulting in greater local coordination, strengthened social networks for low-income Americans. And when public and private partnerships are carefully informed by research and evaluation, stronger networks are likely formed between clients and local organizations, thus building a foundation for increased social capital for low-income families.    We believe that this has the potential to reduce the need for long-term Federal assistance. When we invest in these efforts and build them up on scalable, evidence-based solutions, we exhibit both the willpower and the know-how to build public and private infrastructure to strengthen families and build communities. Thank you.    Mr. Everett. We have an interdisciplinary research agenda. So one of the things we research is what we call the Community Partner Program, looking at how we can incorporate private organizations, nonprofits and congregations, into becoming access points for the SNAP program, or Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, and so forth. On the local level we have been able to do this by reducing the number of Health and Human Service offices we have around the state, which has saved us a lot of money as a state in bureaucratic spending.    We are looking at that. We test that to find out what makes a good community partner organization, what makes a good access point, and what organizations build strong social networks for low-income families so that we can hopefully get them into gainful employment. We look at the Summer Meals program, how we can help organizations, sponsoring organizations, around the country be able to operate that program in the black.    A lot of organizations lose money. If they are losing money when running that program, then oftentimes that requires additional investment, maybe from other organizations, like foundations, or it could cause them to get out of the program altogether. And so we run programs there. We have tested nutrition levels of the Breakfast in the Classroom Program, and its potential impacts on academic performance. You name it. It is a pretty wide range of evaluation projects.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it, thank you. And I would now recognize Ranking Member McGovern, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Everett. It plays an important role, because we are constantly evaluating data that the state collects, or that the Federal Government collects. Oftentimes the data sets don't match, and so Dr. Sullivan and I were discussing earlier that we have dedicated research analysts who just clean data to make sure that it is accurate, so that our projections that we are making as a state, or as a Federal Government, as it relates to nutrition programs, are accurate. And so it is a core component--so more transparency would increase our ability to serve the state and the Federal Government more fully.    Mr. Everett. Okay. Sure. I would love to address that. Right now we have less social mobility than we have had since 1929 as a nation, so part of the problem is definitely wages. So in Texas right now we have the most people working in minimum wage conditions that are utilizing the SNAP program than any other state. So the program has become essentially a work support program.    So the conditions in many of our communities are such where educational outcomes--the issue that we are dealing with with SNAP, or with hunger, is merely a part of the larger umbrella issue of poverty. And, as you know, poverty is incredibly complex, and people are poor for a myriad of reasons, but access to quality health care, access to quality education, access to housing, and so on and so forth, all have direct impact on the outcomes, in terms of utilization of the SNAP program.    Mr. Everett. Yes, Baylor University, yes.    Mr. Everett. Yes.    Mr. Yoho.--do you feel that that is an integral part of helping people get food outside of government? If it is faith-based versus just a government program, do you see a need for those?    Mr. Everett. Absolutely. I think one of the things that I mentioned in my opening remarks was the importance of public and private partnerships. When you have organizations like congregations and local nonprofits that have an intrinsic interest in ensuring that people not only have access to benefits, but also have access to gainful employment, because that is a part of their mission and purpose, that that is----    Mr. Everett. Well, we have regional offices with field staff that work with about 1,200 community partner organizations. So many of those community partner organizations might have case managers that are employed by their local nonprofit that act as a navigator for SNAP accessibility.    Mr. Everett. They do.    Mr. Aguilar.--full time staff members?    Mr. Everett. They do.