    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing will come to order. The title of today's hearing is, ``Trading with the Enemy: Trade-Based Money Laundering is the Growth Industry in Terror Finance.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the task force at any time.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    On March 25, 2015, under the leadership of Chairman Jeb Hensarling, the House Committee on Financial Services adopted a resolution creating the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. The aim of this task force has been to assess the effectiveness of our current money-laundering and counter-terror finance efforts and tools when faced with a world containing new and evolving threats.    With Ranking Member Stephen Lynch, Vice Chair Robert Pittenger, and a bipartisan group of 21 Members, the Task Force has been able to conduct five hearings, and several briefings and information sessions, as well as a CODEL to meet with regional partners and discuss their efforts to counter terrorism financing.    The initial 6 months of operation shed significant light on multiple issues with regards to counter-threats finance and anti-money laundering initiatives. First was the discovery of the various revenue streams ISIS utilizes to fund its terror operation, and the ways in which the United States may effectively counter them, such as continuing to target ISIS oil infrastructure, working with regional allies to close porous borders, and a better police to travel with foreign fighters.    Second, the task force brought about a consensus that there is a need for greater information-sharing throughout the financial system and between government agencies, as well as an increased integration of government databases. Finally, it became evident through witness testimony and numerous briefings, that Congress needs to act on beneficial ownership and to provide the appropriate agencies sufficient resources to address current challenges.    Building on what we know and have learned, this session will take a much closer look at several lesser-known methodologies that have been mentioned in previous briefings and hearings, including trade-based money laundering, terror-funding streams from Latin America, developing our regional partners' capabilities to combat terror financing, and the funding of foreign-based terrorists.    Today, we aim to take a closer look at trade-based money laundering, the process of disguising the proceeds of crime and moving value through the use of trade transactions in an attempt to legitimize their illicit origins. This practice allows hundreds of billions of dollars to be laundered annually and cannot be allowed to continue.    It is our hope that with the help of our expert witnesses, this body will walk away with a better understanding of the problem as well as an effective measure to curb and combat this practice. On Monday, DEA and European authorities were able to uncover a massive Hezbollah drug and money-laundering scheme that was intent on providing financial assets to militants in Syria. This development depicts the scale of this problem and the urgent need to devote more focus towards it.    Unless there is any objection, I will ask for unanimous consent to put this DEA release into the record.    Without objection, it is so ordered. This hearing marks the beginning of another 6 months of investigation, and an additional step towards snuffing out the resources necessary for these nefarious groups to grow and to thrive.    I now recognize for an opening statement the ranking member of the task force, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the task force, Mr. Pittenger, for 1 minute.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. And I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 1 minute.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman yields back. We now welcome our witnesses. First, Mr. John Cassara is a former United States Intelligence Officer and Treasury Special Agent. Mr. Cassara has over 26 years of experience in the Federal Government intelligence and law enforcement communities. He is an expert in anti-money-laundering and terrorist financing. Mr. Cassara invented the concept of trade transparency units and recently released a book on that topic this past fall entitled, ``Trade-Based Money Laundering: The Next Frontier in International Money Laundering Enforcement.''    Mr. Cassara has lectured around the world on a variety of trans-national crime issues. He is currently an industry adviser to the analytics company SAS. He holds a master's degree in international management from the American Graduate School of International Management in Phoenix, Arizona. He also graduated magma cum laude from the University of California, San Diego.    Second, Mr. Louis Bock is a former Senior Special Agent at U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Mr. Bock has had a successful career as a U.S. Government criminal investigator with experience targeting trade fraud and money laundering with the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Department of Agriculture, and the Drug Enforcement Agency.    Mr. Bock was named the godfather of trade-based money laundering by Mr. Cassara in his recent book due to his pioneering efforts to systematize the analysis of trade data. Mr. Bock holds a bachelor's degree in behavioral and statistical measurement from Brooklyn College, and a master's degree in education and behavioral and statistical measurement from King College.    Third, Mr. Farley Mesko is co-founder and chief executive officer of Sayari Analytics. Mr. Mesko started after spending 5 years building the C4ADS, a non-profit organization focused on data-driven technology enabled analysis of conflict and security issues. Sayari Analytics conducts open source resource of public records to uncover financial and other networks of illicit actors.    Prior to his time at C4ADS, Mr. Mesko was a special correspondent for the East African Magazine. Mr. Mesko holds a bachelor's degree in environmental studies and government from Bowdoin College. At this time, I will ask Mr. Lynch to recognize and introduce his constituent from Northeastern University.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The witnesses will now be recognized for 5 minutes each to give an oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, the witnesses' written statements will be made a part of the record. Once the witnesses have finished presenting their testimony, each member of the task force will have 5 minutes within which to ask questions.    For the witnesses, on your table there are three lights: green; yellow; and red. Yellow means you have 1 minute remaining, and red obviously means your time is up. Be advised that the microphone is very sensitive so please make sure you are speaking directly into it. With that, Mr. Cassara you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Cassara.    Mr. Bock, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Mr. Mesko, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Mesko.    And Dr. Passas, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. We thank the witnesses for their testimony. We will now go to members of the task force for 5 minutes of questions each. I will first recognize myself.    Mr. Bock, given your longstanding experience in seeking to uncover trade-based money laundering schemes, are you satisfied with the U.S. Government's efforts since the 1990s to uncover and ultimately dismantle this type of illicit activity? And obviously, we know that there have been some great successes, but we are most interested in where you think the U.S. Government can do better.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. On the issue of information-sharing between agencies, we can think back to the 9/11 Commission. One of the big criticisms of our intelligence agencies was that they were doing a pretty good job individually in a stovepipe setting, but they weren't sharing information with each other.    Mr. Bock, how would you grade the cooperation between law enforcement and the other Federal agencies--Customs, Border Protection, ICE, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network? Are they sharing information with each other, and is there opportunity for improvement there?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Mr. Cassara, while you say it is logical that the early trade transparency units were sort of originating in and around Latin America, what was a little surprising is there was not a movement of those TTUs beyond that region. Why do you think that was the case?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. I now recognize the ranking member of the task force, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    And I yield back.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, is now recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Can you do so quickly, Mr. Cassara?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, is now recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Without objection, we are going to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, for 5 minutes for questions.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Great. The gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Without objection, with the permission of the panel, we are going to have an expediated second round of questions. We will begin with Ranking Member Lynch.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Vice Chairman Pittenger is now recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. I would like to again thank our witnesses for their testimony here today and it is our hope that if you have continuing thoughts or suggestions for us that you will provide it either to individual Members or to the panel as a whole.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.