    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think it is important to remind people where we were when we passed the Affordable Care Act. We were experiencing cost increase routinely in double digits for thousands of people; at one point 14,000 people a month were losing their insurance. Those with preexisting conditions, if they could get insurance, they paid exorbitant rates. They usually could not get insurance, and millions others did not have insurance.    The proposal for a government takeover single payer plan could have solved these problems and reduced overall health care budgets significantly, but the government takeover did not pass. We instead passed a more modest market-based approach, patterned after RomneyCare in Massachusetts, a Republican plan, but that has been successful.    The costs have increased since the Affordable Care Act are the lowest in decades, probably half a century. Those with preexisting conditions can get insurance at the average rate. We have the highest portion of people with insurance in recorded history, children up to 26 years old can stay on their parents' policies. Women are no longer paying more for insurance than men. We are closing the doughnut, the prescriptive drug doughnut hole, preventive services, annual check-ups are without co-pays or deductibles.    Since the Affordable Care Act, those that had warned of job loss, are forced to explain the longest continuous number of months of job growth since records have been kept. So that's where we are. That is where we are since the Affordable Care Act.    Ms. Corlette, one thing that has not been completed is the Medicaid expansion. Some states have not expanded Medicaid. Can you comment on the effect that has had on the people who are in the gap for insurance - in the Medicaid gap - that is caused by the failure of some states to expand Medicaid?    Mr. Scott. The failure to expand Medicaid also affects those with insurance because they have to cover the cost shifting. People who are in the gap without insurance get sick, go to the hospital. Can you make a comment on that concept of cost shifting?    Mr. Scott. Ms. Corlette, can you make a comment on the issue of privacy in the wellness plans, whether or not people are coerced into revealing private information as a result of participation in wellness plans?    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, can I ask unanimous consent to enter two documents for the record, one, a comment to the EEOC regarding the proposed rule on wellness programs and its effect on the Americans with Disabilities Act, and another comment to the EEOC regarding the proposed rule related to wellness programs and the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act?    Mr. Scott. Thank you.