    Mr. Schrader. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Stanislaus, I would like to kind of move--in our area, one of the biggest sites we have to deal with is the Portland Harbor as a Superfund site. And defense industry, big partner in contaminating that during World War II and now not so much of a partner in cleaning the thing up at the end of the day, for a lot of the reasons that have been mentioned here.    But I am concerned about EPA's approach to that harbor. You have a number of businesses that have stepped up, formed this Lower Willamette Group, trying to figure out a way to actually clean this up or be a partner in cleaning it up without the Federal Government, frankly, at this stage of the game. And I am worried about the science that is involved in this.    And, particularly, I guess I wanted to know from you, is it common practice to a qualitative and not a quantitative analysis of the cleanup alternatives?    Mr. Schrader. See, I would disagree with that. There is not a quantitative analysis done. In the report I saw on the feasibility study, there is no evaluation of what the concentrations of various contaminants would be, after different remedial actions have been taken.    I think most of the businesses that are going to be funding this, anybody that is doing any scientific analysis, you are supposed to do a cost-effectiveness analysis. Once you have determined the health risk, then what are the most cost-effective ways to take care of this stuff? And that is not what I am seeing in the report.    I guess I would like you to get back to me with that information, where there is a quantitative analysis of that.    The other question I had is regarding natural recovery. Is it common for natural recovery to be ignored by EPA when they do remedial action analyses?    Mr. Schrader. I am asking about natural recovery. What----    Mr. Schrader. Well, I appreciate you saying that, because that is not what is done in this particular feasibility study on the Portland Harbor. The natural recovery aspects, the quantitative aspects of what natural recovery are, are not being included at all.    As a matter of fact, you can't, I would argue respectfully, scientifically evaluate how a particular remedial action, capping dredging, is going to work, what benefit you are going to get from that, unless you know what the natural recovery benefit is going forward.    As a matter of fact, just up the river, at Willamette Falls, there is a site that was grossly contaminated. It was a paper mill. And environmental agencies have determined that it does not pose any real contamination risk because natural recovery has completely wiped that out. Admittedly, it is a higher-flowing river at that particular point.    So I am not seeing that going forward.    The other thing I am worried about is, in this particular case, is how they have evaluated these alternatives. Is it normal for EPA to assume that dredging is going to go on 24 hours a day, 6 days a week, in a water work window? Is that the normal way you would evaluate?    Mr. Schrader. Would you assume that the dredging operation would go 24 hours a day, 6 days a week, in a recovery action?    Mr. Schrader. I think most people--I apologize for interrupting you, but I would think most people would say that is unrealistic. That is not the way any operation works, at the end of the day. And what happens with that is then you are underestimating the costs of some particular remedial actions. And I see that in this particular feasibility study. I think that is unfair and unrealistic, and you end up skewing the results of your feasibility study and the effectiveness of different remedial actions when you do that.    Question, also, on principal threat waste. How do you determine the levels of different contaminants so that they constitute a principal threat waste? What procedure do you use?    Mr. Schrader. The reason I ask that particular question--again, sorry to interrupt; I only have a limited amount of time--is that, I think that is important. What we are seeing here now is that there are low and unprecedented levels, I would argue, of determining these principal threat waste levels in this feasibility study for the Portland Harbor, and, as a result, you are doing treatments in addition to removal, in addition to capping, I mean, without any analysis as to is that treatment of this so-called principal threat waste going to give you any additional benefit.    Again, the science that I see EPA not using in this group, with this willing set of businesses wanting to step up and do the right thing without any Federal largesse, and they are being cast aside. I think it is a terrible reputation that the EPA is developing, unfortunately, in our region.    And it could drive the cost--we have heard costs of hundreds of millions of dollars. The whole defense industry, maybe a billion dollars a year. They are talking billions of dollars for this one little Superfund site. And I think that there are estimates by others that it could be in the millions to maybe hundreds of millions of dollars.    So there is a big difference, respectfully, between what EPA is looking at and the assumptions they are using that their reasonable business and scientific experts would get to to do the same amount of cleanup at the end of the day. So I appreciate you getting back to me on some of that information.    And I yield back.