    Mr. SHEAR. Thank you. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, I am pleased to be here today to discuss our work on SBA's HUBZone program.    Congress established the HUBZone program to stimulate economic development in economically distressed communities. The program provides Federal contracting preferences to small businesses located in HUBZone-designated areas that also employ residents of the areas.    My statement today is based on the key findings in our February 2015 report and SBA's oversight of the HUBZone program in our March 2016 follow-up report and SBA responses to our 2015 recommendations.    We met with SBA in July 2016 at SBA's request to discuss SBA's actions in response to our recommendations and again in August 2016 at our request to further discuss the status of SBA efforts in preparation for this hearing. In addition, we met with SBA officials, including John Shoraka yesterday, and further information was provided to us on some of the agency's recent actions.    Specifically, this testimony discusses, first, how SBA communicates changes and HUBZone designations to firms; second, SBA's certification and recertification processes for firms; and third, how potential changes to designation criteria could affect HUBZones.    First, with respect to how SBA communicates changes and HUBZone designations to firms, in 2015, we found that communications to firms about programmatic changes generally were not specific to affected firms. In response, SBA revised its approval letters to newly certified firms to include information about the consequences of redesignation. But as of August 2016, SBA had not yet implemented changes to help assure all currently certified firms would be notified of changes that could affect their program eligibility. SBA officials recently told us that the agency intended to develop a technology solution by spring of 2017 to help address GAO's recommendation.    Second, with respect to SBA certification and recertification processes for firms, SBA requires all firms seeking certification to provide documentation to show they meet the eligibility requirements, and SBA also conducts site visits at selected firms. However, as we reported in 2015, SBA did not require firms seeking recertification to submit information to verify continued eligibility, and instead, generally relied on firms' attestations of continued eligibility. The SBA has made changes to its recertification processes, but had not fully addressed our recommendation to implement additional controls for recertification, including criteria for requesting and verifying firm information and guidance on using a risk-based approach to requesting and verifying firm information that are subject to recertification.    Finally, in our 2015 report, we presented statistics on economic conditions in HUBZone-qualified, redesignated, and non-HUBZone census tracks, and non-metropolitan areas. We also evaluated potential changes to HUBZone designation criteria that could be designed to provide additional economic benefits to some communities. However, changes that benefit some communities also could, through competitive market processes, reduce activity by HUBZone firms in existing HUBZones.    In my written statement, we have included examples based on adjusting criteria for unemployment rates and the potential impact of removing the limit on the number of areas that could qualify as HUBZones pursuant to the definition of qualified census tracks that was in effect at the time we issued our February 2015 report.    Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez, this concludes my prepared statement. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. SHEAR. We--and I will mention especially the 2015 report--have had extensive experience with using the HUBZone certification tracking system itself, and I am very thankful to John and his staff for helping us conduct that analysis. It is this relational dataset that is really inadequate, not just in terms of how hard it was for us to go through these hypothetical scenarios and to look at certain characteristics of firms, but in terms of two things that are part of what SBA is trying to achieve. It is very bad in terms of conducting queries. An analyst can look at one firm at a time. But conducting queries across firms is problematic. One would want to conduct such quaries to do things such as establishing a risk-based oversight system for recertification. So it is inadequate because it is so difficult to conduct queries. And in terms of trying to evaluate impacts, looking at characteristics of firms and how much they may be benefitting or not benefitting from participation in the program, it is very difficult because of this data system. So I think that SBA is at least pointed in the direction of developing a new system is something that is a good idea.    Mr. SHEAR. I think I would want to point out--I know this Committee is taking a leadership role in the legislation for Puerto Rico--I will paraphrase this, the Puerto Rico Economic Stabilization Act. The questions you are asking in the first mandate, which we plan to staff in the next month and proceed earnestly with, asks us to look at contracting activity in Puerto Rico. We will be looking at expansion in the HUBZone qualified areas and to try to bring analysis to try to look at what types of shifts are being brought about by expanding. We may also address, what are the impacts of contracting? Because we can look back to 2008 where after an error made in the HUBZone map for Puerto Rico was corrected, we identified it during our 2008 audit, much of Puerto Rico was classified as HUBZone in 2008 due to this error, and once it was corrected, a small part of Puerto Rico was in a HUBZone. So we would look at the opposite, so the opportunity to evaluate the reduction in HUBZone areas may be possible.    And it is not just looking at number of HUBZone firms and HUBZone contracts; it is looking at HUBZones and small businesses and what dynamic is going on in that community in Puerto Rico to try to establish what the impact could be so that the Congress and SBA--I think we all want to make sure that informed choices are being made as far as bringing up the issue you had as far as could expanding cause some of the existing HUBZone areas to suffer. I think those are very important issues to look at. So I am glad that we can start that.    Mr. SHEAR. Yes. Can I go through starting with----    Mr. SHEAR. When we started preparing for this hearing, and also starting to gear up to start our work in response to the first mandate dealing with Puerto Rico, we started looking for information about HUBZone and Puerto Rico, and that was roughly two weeks ago. And we identified the press release that on June 15th, SBA had lifted the cap for Puerto Rico and that was kind of the headline. Then, when we read it, we saw that it was lifted nationwide. And our shock was that we had just had a meeting with SBA where we asked are there any other significant changes to the program? And this was never mentioned.    Mr. SHEAR. Let me just try to do it real briefly.    Mr. SHEAR. Okay. Well, I will take more than 10 seconds if it is okay.    But the first one, in terms of the expansion of the program, I cannot sit here and say that the new communities, whether they be counties or census tracks that comprise a community, in Puerto Rico are not deserving. But what we are looking for is some evaluation, even putting the legal issues aside, as far as what would the impact be here? Because of the things that I can point out from our analysis in our 2015 report and in this testimony, that you do observe that HUBZones have worse economic conditions than in the redesignated areas, and as you expand, you are tending to move up the ladder to areas that might not be as economically depressed.    Mr. SHEAR. What we are looking for and what we are going to try to address in a mandate from this Committee with Puerto Rico, and we will probably look more broadly than Puerto Rico, but certainly for Puerto Rico as we have been mandated, is to look at the question as what happens on the ground when you expand the program in this fashion? There should be some type of informed analysis that goes behind an informed decision regardless of what the statutory authority is. And to us, an opposite question that we will be looking at in terms of our before and after analysis is what happened in 2008 when there was a sharp contraction in Puerto Rico. We will be looking, what were the impacts of that action? So we think that you really need informed consent here.    As far as the oversight of the program, it expands the pieces but we are not in a position to say what happens as far as SBA's ability to oversee the program. It is clear that if you keep the number of site visits about the same, they will be a smaller percentage of your overall universe. But in addition to that kind of simple point, I do not think I have much to really offer on that point.    Mr. SHEAR. I think you are asking an excellent question. I think John Shoraka gave a very good answer of the challenges HUBZone firms face and, therefore, what can affect their participation in the program.    One of the things I would like to emphasize, which goes to our first recommendation, is the ability to communicate with firms and to provide firms information that makes it easier for them to navigate how changes in the program can affect their status. I think, we heard and we reached out to the HUBZone community as such, and we just found that it is kind of expecting too much of the firms with the current state there. So that is one thing that I would want to emphasize.    The other thing I would want to emphasize is to be very mindful of a tradeoff when the solution that is offered is to allow firms to stay in the program that may no longer be eligible. We are very sympathetic with the idea that firms can be very challenged if based on short-term swings and economic conditions they are in and they are out and they are in, it is a concern of the program and it might be something that this Committee might want to look at more closely or, have SBA and GAO look at more closely. There is a challenge created. But what I would emphasize from our analysis of characteristics of HUBZone areas compared with those that have lost designation and those that are not HUBZones is that if you make the window too wide, you are undermining the purpose of the program, which is to serve the most economically depressed areas in our country.    Mr. SHEAR. Thank you.    As I stated, certainly with the certification process, SBA has improved. When we started our audit in 2008, we concluded at the end that there was just a complete lack of internal control. But we had concluded that very early on, and we were the ones that reached out to our fraud investigators. So the program has definitely improved since that situation that we evaluated in 2008. What remains now I think is challenging. One is how to deal with firms that are dealing with the complexities of a program. It is trying to do something geographically where you are talking about a very dynamic environment. Businesses change over time and the economic conditions of census tracks and counties change over time. So I think that this idea of looking to a technology solution cannot solve these problems by themselves. But the idea is implementing better technology to address concerns about how to notify firms, how to conduct the recertification process, how to have risk-based approach to oversight. These things are very important.    So, I mean, at GAO, we are very good at asking questions. We have observed that SBA has had trouble implementing technology. A number of years ago, we were all talking about One Track, which was going to be the solution for the 8(a) program and the HUBZone program, and it was not a successful investment. So our concerns are coming up with a real specific plan for how to use the technology, then what resources have to be used, have to be available from SBA for a more manual process even after the technology is in place. And I think those are the challenges that are out there.    Mr. SHEAR. Part of it is that certainly using technology and electronic transmission can help, whether it be webinars from a training standpoint or whether it be sending notifications to firms that are meaningful about what they have to know to make sure they are compliant with a program and can manage it. So there has to be a mix there. But part of this I would say is really a manual process and requires some interaction. And this is where SBA's district offices, I think, would want to be involved in reaching out to the various parts of the country where HUBZones are present.    Mr. SHEAR. It is a great question. And so for us, part of the concern, I agree with John Shoraka that the biggest element of risk in a program in certification/recertification are those that are getting contracts. But nonetheless, when you start talking about the inability to really provide specific information about designations that affect firms, it is not like we focused in on rural areas, but it was one place where we would just presume that in rural areas it is more difficult to deal with that situation.    In terms of our work, looking at hypothetical changes, and part of this was concern from rural areas where unemployment areas are used to determine whether the area is eligible or not in these large counties is that we went through a scenario that said, well, what would happen if instead of using a 1-year unemployment rate for the 1 year, if we said let us look at the average unemployment rate over longer periods of time, that very much has a rural focus to it. So it is something that in rural areas it can be more problematic when you cannot give specific advice about whether your county is in is going to remain in the program.    Mr. SHEAR. It is a challenge to look at it. And so from our standpoint, how do you create benchmarks for what would happen with the absence of HUBZone activity? But nonetheless, after our 2008 report, somebody was hired at SBA. We provided a lot of our time just giving technical support as far as how you could evaluate the program. So it is trying to look at what are the characteristics of different communities that are both HUBZones and not HUBZones and trying to make some comparisons to try to benchmark and to see what is the economic impact of the HUBZone program and how might that be affected by how many HUBZones? Again, this basic question.    Every community would like to be a HUBZone, but every time you add communities the question is what happens to the existing communities? So there are ways that we think that could be used to try to benchmark, and that is what we are going to be attempting to do with our Puerto Rico mandate. But it is a real challenge.    Mr. SHEAR. Yes. And thank you for the question.    In our 2015 report, this was very much, brought forward by requesters for that work really wanting a focus on what types of changes could be made and what would be the effect on a number of HUBZones. So this is one where I referred earlier. I really appreciate John and his staff really helping us work with their data system, but we went through a number of scenarios. So the 2015 report that provides part of the basis for my statement and it can certainly provide the report for the record, it is GAO-15-234. In appendix 3, we go through a number of scenarios. What would happen, based on at that time if you had changed some of these provisions? So it is meant to--not to say there is a right way of doing it, but it gets into some of the concerns, like I just stated with respect to rural areas. What would happen if you went to a longer term unemployment rate to determine eligibility? Things like what would happen?    One of the scenarios we went to at the time was lifting this 20 percent cap that is so much the focus, of this hearing and just other scenarios. What would be the impact of doing that on the number of HUBZones and just some of the consequences of that? And we are very mindful that when you shift around which areas get HUBZone status, that when you bring in new areas, it has implications for the existing areas, even those that remain in the program.    Mr. SHEAR. It is a very good question. I will first start out by something in my statement as far as, when we do our program audit and we are looking at what we call internal controls, that there has been improvement, particularly in the certification process. So the idea that when we looked in 2008, from the start we said this looks like a self-certification program. You know, from soup to nuts, it looks that way. So there has been improvement.    Our concern, we have not found evidence of fraud, and we have not seen the susceptibility to fraud that we have reached out like we did in 2008 and said, you know, we have to have a fraud investigation here, but we do have concerns about the recertification process because there is a lot of moving parts: the characteristics of the businesses and the characteristics of the counties and census tracks that are defined as HUBZones. And so that is where our concern is.    And when you have a lack of internal control, that is where our antennae tends to go up in terms of saying we are concerned about fraud. And it is hard to forget about fraud when we think of the experience we had, even though it was 8 years ago, the experience we had evaluating and conducting fraud investigations of this program. So we are always mindful of that.