    Secretary McCord. That is correct, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I appreciate you being here today as well.    Mr. Secretary, I think you are exactly right to condemn the attacks in Brussels, and you are exactly right to express sympathy for the victims. I think the question especially for this committee but for the American people is, okay, what are we going to do about it?    And in last year's bill, section 1222 asked the administration to provide a strategy for how we were actually going to implement the President's stated desire to degrade and destroy ISIS . And as I mentioned, it has been radio silent. We have heard not a word from anybody.    Now, to be fair, it is not just a matter for the Department of Defense. It is not just the military who will defeat ISIS, and the requirement in law was not just directed to the Department of Defense. But do you have any idea when we might see a strategy on how to beat ISIS?    Secretary McCord. I think that is correct, Mrs. Davis.    And just one point on your earlier question. To get a marginal maybe increase in OCO this year without knowing if we could count on it in the future is pretty sub-optimal for us in terms of being able to plan and use that money as effectively as we might. If we knew that the requirement would be taken care of permanently, that is much better for us.    Secretary McCord. I would just add, as the Secretary said, we have the instructions both internal and from the Congress to hold down civilian and to keep commensurate with the drawdown of the military, and we recognize that mandate.    And as he said also, we are looking hard at service contractors. The DCMO, Mr. Levine, is leading an effort. In fact, my turn is coming, I think, within the week to report to him within my own office, just like everybody else has to do, on what we are doing to review all of our service contracts to make sure they are still justified. And history has shown that just the sunlight of looking at that drives the cost down. You relook whether you really need everything that you are doing, and that is an important part of our efficiency effort for this budget.    Secretary McCord. We will have to get back to you for the record on the exact status of the report. I don't have it at my fingertips.    Secretary McCord. I believe it is in process also and is nearing completion.    Secretary McCord. That is correct. The vast majority is, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Yeah.    Secondly, my understanding is, as you all were putting together your budget request, over $5 billion of that request, $5 billion worth, was savings, inflation and especially fuel savings. Now, obviously, the price of oil goes up and down, and you have a very long period when you have to formulate your budget.    My question is, as you look at it today, how do your assumptions on the price of fuel measure against the reality of today?    Secretary McCord. For----    The Chairman. Is it better or worse than you assumed?    Secretary McCord. It is better today. Are you talking most about fiscal year 2016 or 2017?    The Chairman. 2017.    Secretary McCord. For 2017. The prices that we were directed to assume are higher than what are prevailing today. As you note, that fiscal year hasn't even started and won't start for some time, and it will go a year after that. So there is a long time for these prices to have to hold before such savings would actually be realizable. But, yes, they are lower today.    The Chairman. Well, I just am a little concerned that there are assumptions built in the budget. And nobody knows what the price of oil is going to be, although it has been going up some in recent days. But as you point out, this doesn't even start until October 1. I was just wondering how it measured up.    10 U.S.C. 153 requires that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs provide a risk assessment to Congress by February 15. We heard from the service chiefs that they have provided that input to the Chairman. My understanding is it has been done, and it is sitting in OSD somewhere. Do you all have any clue about when this might be coming?    General Dunford. Mr. Chairman, I can answer that. We did complete it some time ago. What we wanted to do was bring the chiefs together in The Tank to discuss it with the Secretary. We did that a week ago Monday. And so we now have that to the Secretary and that should be coming over right away. I mean, it is complete.    We worked on it pretty hard this time, Mr. Chairman. And what you will see is a different organizational construct. We tried to take a look at each of the five challenges we have spoken about and really get after in a meaningful way the risks associated with each one of those five challenges and then what I would call a crosscutting risk of the joint force.    So while it has been a couple weeks late now, I hope you will find it worth it. And, again, one of the reasons why we kept it a little bit longer was so we could have an opportunity to do a face-to-face with the chiefs and the Secretary, and we did complete that last Monday.    The Chairman. Well, I do think this is important, and so I look forward to it. It is significant for the committee.    If I can just make an offer again to both of you, it has been one of my goals--and I have certainly not been as successful as I wanted to--to reduce the paperwork burdens that Congress puts on the Department, so fewer reports, if a briefing can be done, a one-time report rather than a recurring report.    I would offer, again, if you all want to submit to us reports that you think are superfluous or overly burdensome, not worth the time and effort, get me that. And I will definitely look at it, because I want to continue to reduce the unnecessary or less-than-necessary paperwork burdens that Congress puts on the Department.    At the same time, as you have heard today, what is left we are serious about. And so time is important. Again, we talked about the ISIS report, come up with reprogramming requests. We don't have a strategy on where it is happening. So I am trying to have fewer things but be serious about the ones that we have.    Please tell me and get it to me about things you think are unnecessary. But at the same time, as you have heard some of today, I think there is frustration when the law is not complied with.    Finally, General Dunford, I saw an open letter--I don't know--signed by several dozen retired military, other notable names, that the time was right to relook at Goldwater-Nichols of 30 years ago and that we needed to be serious that significant changes were in order, although they did not detail what those changes should be, by the way, in the letter.    So I want to ask you your view. I know there is a fair amount of interest about examining and perhaps modifying the Goldwater-Nichols requirements. Please tell me where you think we are on that, if it needs to happen, and then suggestions you may have.    General Dunford. Thanks, Chairman.    First of all, I do think there is an imperative for reform at this time, and I think it is a result of a change in the character of war. The basic nature of war, in my estimation, doesn't change. The character of war has changed. And by that specifically, I mean that most of the crises and contingencies that we have today, immediately transregional; they cut across multiple combatant commands. They are multidomain: sea, air, space, cyberspace, undersea. And they are multifunctional: ballistic missile defense, special operations, strike capabilities, and so forth. And that has changed the nature of integration of the joint force and, frankly, the requirements for the Secretary to make timely decisions in a transregional, multidomain, multifunctional fight.    So I think the more fundamental areas that we need to look at for change with regard to Goldwater-Nichols is, number one, making sure that the Secretary does have the ability to make decisions in a timely manner and making sure he does have the ability to integrate the joint force in that transregional, multidomain, multifunctional fight.    It also requires, in my estimation, the Joint Staff to take a different approach to strategy and to ensure that we write strategies for, for example, the problem sets we spoke about today. So it isn't just an aggregation of operations plans if you are dealing with a Russia or a China, but you have a strategic framework within which those operations plans are met. And I think the National Military Strategy needs to be refined in order to provide that framework within which OPLANs are developed.    And then the final piece of that in execution is the Secretary's ability to prioritize and allocate resources in a timely manner for a fight that is ongoing in multiple combatant commands at the same time. So, from my perspective, as we think about reform, we should focus on the character of war and what reforms are necessary to make sure we can fight in the 21st century.    And what I have alluded to are some fundamental changes in warfighting in the 21st century that I think we can reinforce and optimize the joint force's ability to meet with some very fundamental changes. And I am prepared to make those recommendations to you, Chairman.