    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you so much, Chairwoman. Thank you all for being here. I know a lot of things have already been asked and answered, but as we say around here, not everyone has asked that same question yet, so my turn.    Now, I'm going to try and focus on a couple different things, but thank you. I do think this is so important and I do think the American people, our constituents, are waking up and feeling some of that fear, and wanting to know the right thing to do. So we always want to hear from you of how we can be informing our own constituents of wise decisions along with ourselves, our families and our staff to protect important information. So much of our society, so much of our financial systems is based on consumer confidence, and if there's a feeling that this isn't safe or whatever it is, I think we're going to lose the benefits that much of this technology has, so we want to do this well.    I do want to talk briefly or ask you your thoughts. We've talked a little bit about what government can do better, learning from the private sector, and certainly the private sector is ahead of us in so many areas. We've also heard--I really appreciate it, Mr. Clinton, your response that, you know, for us to say that this is like an airbag problem, it isn't. It's completely different and, you know, so for us to be prescriptive of saying you have to do this, we always pick the wrong technologies always too late. So instead it's really this framework, I think, of a way of thinking of how to solve this problem, but a question I would have is really with impediments that government is putting up to your business or other businesses from new innovation. What would you say may be the greatest impediment that you feel from government from your business innovating or doing what you already do best? Is there something that has been a hurdle that you've had to overcome, Dr. Casado?    Mr. Hultgren. Mr. Clinton?    Mr. Hultgren. Yeah. That's great. Go ahead. I think if you both can speak on this, and then I'll be finished because I think this is very important.    Mr. Hultgren. Mr. Wood?    Mr. Hultgren. That's a good point.