    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, thank you very, very much and to members of the committee, thank you for having me here. It's very good to be back to discuss our rebalance to the Asia Pacific region.    I just got back from my sixth visit to the region in a little over a year and with each trip I have to tell you I've seen growing dividends of this effort to balance our focus on the region and to strengthen a rules-based, institutions-based order that is advancing our interests and increasingly not only in the region but globally.    Mr. Blinken. Sorry about that. Is that better?    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. As you said, Mr. Chairman, really nowhere in the world are economic and strategic opportunities clearer or more compelling than in the Asia Pacific region, home to four of our top ten trading partners, five of our seven treaty allies, the world's largest and fastest-growing economies including 40 percent of overall global growth, nearly two-thirds of the global middle class and, of course, some of the most wired and innovative people in the world.    Over the last 7 years, this rebalance to Asia that is deepening our strategic, economic and diplomatic ties with the region commensurate with its importance has helped shape a positive trajectory in the region.    We have given substance to the rebalance by bolstering our treaty allies, deepening engagement with emerging powers, strengthening regional institutions, promoting trade and investment, enhancing our military posture, advancing democratic reform and creating new networks of trilateral and multilateral relationships.    There are multiple pillars to the rebalance. I just want to briefly go through--go through those pillars. First, we've invested in strengthening and modernizing our core alliances with Japan, with Korea, the Philippines, and Australia.    We've updated our guidelines for our defense cooperation with Japan, included new host nation support agreements with both Japan and Korea, signed a forced posture agreement with Australia, and included a landmark enhanced defense cooperation agreement with the Philippines.    Second, we've deepened engagement with emerging countries in the region. We've built a relationship with China defined by broader practical cooperation on global challenges while at the same time directly engaging our differences to try to resolve or narrow them while avoiding conflict. And we've worked to deepen the bonds between the people of the United States and Taiwan.    Our partnerships with Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore have grown to reflect our increased cooperation on regional and global challenges, everything from countering climate change to violent extremism and we've forged new relations with Vietnam and Burma as they start to turn the page on the past.    I just saw this again for myself in Vietnam last week. Thanks in part to the bipartisan leadership of this committee, the U.S. and Vietnam are deepening and broadening our ties in areas that we couldn't even imagine a decade ago, even a few years ago, from military cooperation to human rights to peacekeeping.    Third, we sustained an increased engagement with the institutions of the region like the East Asia Summit, APEC, ASEAN, including by sending our first dedicated Ambassador to ASEAN, hosting the first ever U.S.-ASEAN summit here in the United States, and hosting APEC in 2011.    These are important forums for promoting collective action and facilitating the peaceful resolution of differences. They advance a regional economic, political, and security architecture in which the United States is a vital and permanent player.    Fourth, we have vigorously promoted trade and investment opportunities designed to unlock growth for the United States as well as for our allies and partners in the region. We've implemented a free trade agreement with South Korea. We've worked with Burma to modernize and strengthen legal and regulatory regimes, helping set the stage for major American companies to enter that market.    And, of course, the heart of our engagement in the region economically is the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will bring 12 APEC economies and 40 percent of global GDP together. TPP will eliminate more than 18,000 taxes on American exports and help level the playing field for American workers while solidifying an economic arena in which every participant, regardless of its size, agrees to fight bribery and corruption, abide by international labor standards including the formation of independent trade unions, and commits to enforcement of environmental safeguards.    Fifth, we've enhanced our military posture in the Asia Pacific, deploying nearly 60 percent of our Navy in the region by the end of the decade and some of our most advanced capabilities. We are increasing the maritime security capacity of our partners and we are rotating American personnel into new and more places like northern Australia and new sites in the Philippines.    Sixth, we are standing up for our values, for the basic rights and freedoms of individuals throughout the region. In Indonesia and the Philippines we are working with our partners to tackle corruption and strengthen institutions. And then, of course, in support of Burma's historic elections and peaceful transition of power, we helped establish the nation's first nonpartisan independent election observation organization. We trained over 11,000 political party members to improve their ability to effectively communicate with voters. We continue to stress the importance of upholding the rule of law and express our strong concern about discrimination experienced by ethnic and religious minorities including the Rohingya.    In response to our engagement and demands from the Vietnamese people, Vietnam has taken some positive steps on human rights including releasing political prisoners, ratifying the Convention Against Torture and the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, and agreeing to allow independent trade unions for the first time in modern history. Significant reforms remain to bring Vietnam's domestic laws into sync with international human rights obligations and, indeed, with its own constitution.    Seventh, and finally, we've invested in a new geometry of trilateral and multilateral networks to encourage cooperation among and between countries in the region. At the core of these efforts is a very robust trilateral partnership with South Korea and Japan, under which we convened the first ever trilateral meeting at the vice minister or deputy level. I've now done that three times, and the benefits of this relationship are crystal clear in the face of the region's most acute challenge--the challenge from North Korea and its provocative acts in the nuclear missile domain. We are stepping up trilateral cooperation on sanctions implementation, including under the new U.N. Security Council resolution.    We are working trilaterally to increase the capabilities of other countries to implement that resolution and our three countries will continue to shine an intense light on North Korea's deplorable human rights violations and pursue accountability for them.    We are also intensely focused on maritime issues, especially China's assertive and provocative behavior in the South China Sea that is challenging respect for international law, freedom of navigation, and the peaceful resolution of disputes.    We've also deepened our commitment to the U.S.-Australia-Japan trilateral strategic dialogue, hosted the inaugural of the U.S.-Japan-India trilateral ministerial dialogue.    These bilateral, trilateral, and multilateral relationships are not aimed at any particular country. They are not exclusive. We welcome any kind of flexible geometry of collaboration among countries that share important goals including steps toward greater China-Korea-Japan cooperation and the growing unity of the ASEAN community.    And we are building interconnected relationships not just among countries but among people. The YSEALI community, now 67,000 strong, connects dynamic young people throughout the region to the United States and to each other.    Mr. Chairman, these efforts represent a small but important slice of the work that we are currently undertaking. Seven years after President Obama rebalanced our sight on the Asia Pacific, we are leaders of a region increasingly bound by common ideals, shared prosperity, and a collective sense of global responsibility.    I thank you very much.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First, I want to thank the committee for the very important work that it did. I think the combination of the U.N. Security Council resolution, which is the strongest tool we've had to deal with North Korea, the legislation from Congress, and the Executive order that have put those into effect really puts us in a different position.    We now have the ability if implemented--and that is the key--to maximize pressure on North Korea to try to get it to change its conduct. For the first time through the U.N. Security Council resolution we require that all cargo going in and out of the country be inspected. For the first time we have sectoral sanctions that limit or in some cases ban the export of critical materials--coal, iron, gold, rare earth materials that are what they use to finance their activities. And we have financial sanctions that go at banks and assets and we also have a ban on all dual-use nuclear and missile-related goods.    The critical component now is implementation and we are looking principally at China as well as other countries to follow through on implementation. China played an important role in getting the Security Council resolution. It is our expectation that it will now implement it. It's too soon to say whether that is the case. We've seen some encouraging developments including regulations that its promulgated, statements that it's made but we are now watching intensely.    But at the same time, it is not enough, and what we are focused on besides the implementation of the Security Council resolution is relentlessly building pressure on North Korea, working principally with our key allies Japan and Korea.    We are working in various ways to cut off all the revenues going to the regime. For example, they have, as you know, overseas workers whose remittances are not going back to their families but are going to the regime. We are working to cut those off. We have so-called diplomats engaged in illicit activities procurement but also even in illicit businesses that were the restaurant workers who defected from China. We are seeing this in different countries around the world. They set up businesses and the money goes back to the regime. We are working relentlessly to find those places and to get countries to cut them off. We are working to further isolate North Korea by getting their diplomats who are, again, not engaged in diplomatic activities sent home.    We are making sure that people don't go out to North Korea including for the Worker's Party Congress or invite them to international events and we are working as well to get countries to make sure that they're doing exactly what you alluded to--making sure that the ships that go to North Korea don't dock in their countries and that the planes don't land.    So right now we are working on enforcing all of that.    Mr. Blinken. Appreciate that.    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, I very much appreciate those comments. First, on the Rohingya, we have been very focused on working the get the government in Burma to protect their rights. When I was there most recently a couple of months ago I raised this repeatedly including with Aung San Suu Kyi. We are looking to the government to give them genuine freedom of movement so that they can work, so that they can go to school, so they can get health care, and the discrimination. We are working on that.    With Vietnam, absolutely. I think the President will certainly engage with that community. When I was there last week, I met with civil society activists and lawyers and others, indeed, to express the concern that we have.    Vietnam has made real progress, as you know. They released a lot of political prisoners. They're working to conform their laws to the constitution. But work remains to be done.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much.    We strongly share your view on the importance of India both in and of itself but also as part of the region and as an increasingly vital regional actor.    India has its own regional policy that dovetails very nicely with the work we are doing on the rebalance. So we are working increasingly to integrate India into these efforts and you mentioned the one thing that I did point to in the statement--I think there may be more in the written statement--this U.S.-Japan-India trilateral effort at a ministerial level. Also we included Japan in the Malabar exercise, which was a significant development which we hope to continue to carry forward.    But we are doing two things. We are building our own relationship with India as evidenced by the extraordinary level of high-level engagement, including Prime Minister Modi's return visit here, the President being received for the first time as the honored guest at Republic Day but also in very concrete collaboration across the board, everything from climate and Smart Cities to improving the business climate to defense cooperation to production cooperation even in the defense area. But intelligence sharing, information sharing, counterterrorism, countering violent extremism--across the board the relationship has been elevated.    But critical to this is exactly what you're pointing to, which is integrating India into these regional frameworks so that we are working together jointly and, again, the example with Japan is a very good. But this is exactly the direction that we want to go in.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Well, first I'd say this is--South China Sea is incredibly important to us and to all of our partners in two ways.    First of all, 25 percent of all traded goods, 25 percent of all that travels by sea goes through the South China Sea and, indeed, one-third overall of liquefied natural gas.    We have no position, as you know, on the sovereignty claims. We are not a claimant ourselves. But we have a very strong interest in the way these claims are prosecuted by an claimant and a very strong interest in maintaining freedom of navigation, in making sure that disputes are resolved peacefully and the countries abide by international law and these are the very interests that China has been challenging with some of its actions, including the massive reclamations and militarization of these land features as well as various assertions that are not justified under international law.    The case that you refer to is a very important moment. This is an arbitration case brought by the Philippines with China and we expect a decision by the tribunal in the coming months.    China knowingly agreed to the provisions in the Law of the Sea Treaty when it signed up. Five independent arbitrators said--unanimously rejected China's claim that it wasn't bound by the arbitration mechanism--that the jurisdiction was lacking.    And the convention provides that its rulings are binding on the parties to the convention. So we have worked very hard to establish across the region an understanding that this is appropriate mechanism--arbitration to resolve these disputes and that the ruling of the tribunal should be binding on the two parties.    We said to the Chinese, if you're given satisfaction on any aspect of the decision we'll be the first to stand up and defend it. But, of course, if the Philippines is you'll have to respect that.    China has a decision to make depending on how the ruling comes out. It will either decide to abide by the ruling and that gives us a great opportunity, I think, to narrow the scope of areas that are in dispute in the South China Sea. That would be good to get countries to work cooperatively together, for example, joint ventures on the exploitation of resources and to then work to resolve their disputes that remain peacefully. That's one path.    The other path is it ignores the decision, and then I think it risks doing terrible damage to its reputation, further alienating countries in the region and pushing them closer to the United States.    China will have to decide depending on what the results of the arbitration are. We are watching that very, very closely.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    First, let me--let me apologize to you if I didn't get back to you. I am sorry about that. I'd be very happy to follow up immediately this afternoon----    Mr. Blinken . If that is convenient to you. So I am very sorry about that.    Mr. Blinken. Second, with regard to the situation, we've been deeply engaged in this since this problem first emerged and that was the Secretary General's visit to the region.    We worked very closely with Morocco and the U.N. to see if we could de-escalate the problem and get them working together. I immediately saw the foreign minister from Morocco. I was on the phone with him immediately. He came to visit me in my Office. Secretary Kerry saw him. We've had calls to--to the king.    Here's where we are. Morocco was very concerned with some of the things the Secretary General said during his visit to the region. We worked to ask the Secretary General to clarify what he meant and he did that.    We said to our Moroccan friends that we hope that as we were looking at renewing the MINURSO mandate we wanted to renew it for 1 year without any changes. Unfortunately, one of the things that Morocco did in response to the Secretary General's visit is they unilaterally decided to reduce and ask for the removal of members of the MINURSO mission.    That creates a problem for us because as a member of the Security Council we also have an important stake in making sure that U.N. peacekeeping missions' integrity is upheld and if we allow a precedent by which a country can unilaterally decide whether to accept or shut down a mission or change its composition that is going to be a real problem potentially in other areas with countries that, unlike Morocco, are not close friends or partners.    Mr. Blinken. And I think that is exactly why we worked with the Secretary General's office to get a clarification of what he meant and what he didn't mean.    Our hope is that we can now get this resolution to a place where Morocco's concerns are answered but also the integrity of the peacekeeping missions are upheld and that it can go back to fully functioning as it was before.    That's what we are trying to achieve. But I want to assure you we share your commitment to the relationship with Morocco. This is one of our closest partners in the region and indeed around the world.    Mr. Blinken. So I thank you--I thank you for that.    Mr. Blinken. I believe the next report is being actively worked on and processed. It has not come to me yet. I can assure you that as soon as it does I will move it out of my inbox as quickly as possible.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    First, let me just say before addressing the question, which I very much appreciate, with regard to South China Sea, we are not looking for conflict.    We are looking to prevent conflict and what's at stake here is not just the transit of energy, oil and goods, as important as that is. There are larger principles at stake and these principles go to the entire foundation of the international order. If we don't defend those principles everywhere where they're being challenged the entire order that we invested so much in building over 70 years is at risk. That's why this is a big challenge.    Mr. Blinken. You know, we engage with the freedom of navigation operations around the world, not just in the South China Sea. Most of them are actually----    Mr. Blinken. But leaving that aside, with regard to Iran and North Korea, this is something we are watching very carefully and you're right to, I think, raise the subject.    They've had a history of political engagement. Some of the reports of military, missile, nuclear engagement have been much harder to verify. What we are doing----    Mr. Blinken. No, no. I am saying----    Mr. Blinken. I am just saying that what we are looking at is the concrete evidence of relationships across the board, beyond the political.    What we are focused on is exactly what you pointed to. I think you make a very important point. What we are trying to do with regard to North Korea is to make sure that not only can its ships not dock but its planes. Air Koryo cannot land, not just in Iran but----    Mr. Blinken. And we are working to make sure under these----    Mr. Blinken. All of----    Mr. Blinken. All of the members of the United Nations are bound by the Security Council Resolutions that say that there should be no military ballistic missile or nuclear cooperation with the DPRK.    As a result, they have----    Mr. Blinken. We are looking to every country involved to make that on its----    Mr. Blinken. First, let me just express my own appreciation, the department's appreciation, for your personal leadership on these issues and the focus you brought to them. It makes a huge difference around the world and, indeed, I've heard in places I've gone that you've been there first and have been putting the spotlight on these issues and it really does make a huge difference.    With regard to trafficking in persons, I want to assure you we will do our very best to produce a gold standard report this year. We are working on it very hard. We've heard concerns that were expressed last year.    We've looked to makes sure that the process internally is as strong and effective as possible to produce the best possible report. People are working very hard on it and we hope that that is the conclusion you'll come to when you see it.    With regard to Vietnam, I was just there and indeed met with a number of civil society activists, lawyers. We raise both individual cases and systemic problems that are--that remain at Vietnam at the highest levels on a regular basis.    I can't talk to the President's schedule at this point but I am confident that he will be raising these issues. And I met with, I think, some of the same people that you've seen who are extraordinarily brave in what they're doing every single day.    With regard to parental/child abduction, I was also just in Japan and raised this with foreign minister, with the vice foreign minister, with other senior officials and we have concerns about Japan's implementation of their commitments under the Hague Convention and that is something that I know you've been very, very focused on. We are working on that.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. Yes, absolutely. We are focused on those as well as the cases that have arisen after the ratification.    And then with regard to China, we very much share the concern that you expressed. We see across the board a crackdown on human rights and civil liberties.    We've seen a crackdown against lawyers. I've met with a number of lawyers the last time I was in Beijing in January. I heard directly from them what that community is experiencing.    I've met with religious leaders as well and have heard what's happening there. The laws that you refer to, we've been very much engaged on them whether it is the NGO law, the cyber security law, the national security law, or the counterterrorism law and we have real concerns about the substance of the laws as well as the way they may be implemented.    The NGO law, as you know, they've moved the enforcement of that law to the Ministry of Public Security, which sends a terrible signal about how they see NGOs, which are actually acting to the benefit of China and its own people. So we share those concerns. I just want to assure you we will continue to put the focus on them and do what we can to make progress.    One aspect of this is not just us but us bringing together other countries to express concern because there is some strength in numbers. At the Human Rights Council in Geneva we got a dozen countries to sign a statement expressing their concerns about the evolution of human rights and civil liberties in China.    These things over time have an effect and, you know, we went through decades of Cold War with the Soviet Union. Members of Congress played leading roles in putting that spotlight on the Soviet Union and its human rights abuses. And for decades it didn't seem like anything was happening. There was no change, and then there was. So I think keeping at it as you are and as we are trying to do can make a difference. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, Congressman.    First, I think you're exactly right about the potential magnetic pull of TPP on countries that are outside of it including China. It so happened that I was in the region when the agreement was concluded and I was in Japan the day it was actually concluded. The Japanese were extremely excited because their own leadership had helped bring us to that point--Prime Minister Abe.    The next day I was in South Korea. The first question I heard I heard was when can we join. The day after that I was in Beijing and what I saw was quite striking.    They've done, if not a 180-degree turn at least a 90-degree turn including in state party media, saying oh, this is something that could benefit us because they don't want to be left behind.    But, of course, to get in they have to raise their game. They have to go to the high standards, not a race to the bottom. Environment, worker protections, intellectual property.    So this has the potential to pull countries up, not create a race to the bottom, including with China. Second, you asked very, I think, appropriately about enforcement, and Congressman Sherman brought up a very important point a moment ago some of the concerns we've had with past trade agreements including on rules of a region. I think that is a very well taken point. Unlike previous agreements, TPP actually includes a rule--a clear rule on rules of a region.    We want to make sure that parties that are not part of TPP can't go to another country, have a few things done and then have the product benefit from TPP's rules. So, for example, China finishing something in Vietnam--that is exactly why we insisted this rule be part of the effort.    But it has to be implemented and everything else has to be implemented. That's exactly why we've asked in our budget for a significant portion of resources to go to implementation. We want to make sure that it is done seriously.    Finally, I also agree very much with you that, look, we can debate the economic merits of TPP and no trade agreement is going to be perfect. I think that the larger challenge that we face is 95 percent of consumers live outside the United States. We have to reach them, and the question is how are we going to do that, under what rules, and who writes those rules? And I think we are always better off, even if imperfect, if we are the ones doing it as opposed to letting someone else do it. That's more likely to benefit our companies and workers with a level playing field and make sure that the standards are high, not low. But we can debate the economic merits of it.    Strategically, though, it sends a very important message. It sends to our partners in the region we are there to stay. It's not just a security issue that may come up and a challenge that may arise that gets our attention and then we lose our focus. We are tied to you economically as well as through security considerations. It has, again, this potentially magnetic pull on countries outside the agreement who want to join it to lift their standards. And it sets the standard for the values that we'd like to see throughout the region. If we don't have the agreement we jeopardize all of those interests.    Thank you.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much.    First, I'd like to just say with regard to optimism, I think it just may be an occupational hazard. But I appreciate the comment.    Two things--first, let me also raise--quickly say that the various aspects of China's policies that you refer to we share your view and object to them. It was an improvement to go from a one-child to a two-child policy. But we object to any limitations that a government would impose.    Second, we've called for the release of the more than 2,000 Falun Gong prisoners in Chinese jails as well as other people who are repressed for religious views as well as political views. The Chinese have said that they have stopped the organ harvesting policy of prisoners as of last year. We have to see if that is actually being implemented. But they have apparently made a change in that policy.    With regard to Japan and Korea, Congressman, we couldn't agree more. These countries--these two countries--are at the heart of everything we are doing in the region and I have to say from my experience at least not only over the last 7 years but particularly in this job over the last year where I've made four trips now to Japan and Korea, in my judgment at least the state of our alliances has never been stronger.    We have worked very hard in both countries to strengthen what we are doing with them. With Japan, we have a major achievement with the revision of the defense guidelines that are now allowing Japan, along with the changes that it is made in its own laws, to play a much more significant role militarily throughout the region.    This is something we worked very hard to achieve. It's going to allow us to expand our cooperation on everything from new realms like cyber and space but also intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance, missile defense, maritime security, logistics support, peacekeeping operations, humanitarian assistance--actually all of that as a result of this agreement.    We have a new host nation support agreement, as you know, where Japan is contributing significantly to the support of our forces there. And throughout the region we are working more closely than ever with them.    With the Koreans we have now an agreement that is conditions-based on the transition during wartime of operational control that we worked very hard on that.    We got another host nation support agreement from them for 5 years to support the presence of our forces there. We have a trilateral information-sharing agreement between us, Japan and Korea and I've worked very hard personally to build a trilateral cooperative relationship with us, the Japanese, and the Koreans because the three of us working together on these issues are a very significant and powerful force.    So we share the view that these two countries are at the heart of everything we are doing. Those two alliances are our most important and increasingly we are actually managing to work together.    Mr. Blinken. I hope so, Congressman. I do want to assure you this is an area of intense focus. It has been. It will continue to be for the duration of this administration. We have different agencies in the government that are intensely focused on this. We've made it a mission to both elevate intellectual property rights standards across the board, including through trade agreements like Trans-Pacific Partnership which would have the highest standards on intellectual property protections, as well as making sure that we enforce these protections.    With China as well, one of the things that we've spent a lot of time on is the deep concern we had with the use of the cyber realm to steal trade secrets and to use cyber for commercial gain. This is an issue that the President engaged directly with President Xi on and we got an agreement with the Chinese that they will not do that. Now, obviously, that has to be enforced and implemented. But we are looking at that very vigilantly.    At the same time, throughout the region and around the world we are trying to stand up every day for enforcing the intellectual property rights of our companies in every industry, including the pharmaceutical industry.    So this is very much at the top of the administration's agenda and I think when I hear my colleagues from Treasury, from Commerce, from USTR, they are intently focused on this.    So I do want to give you that assurance we are doing everything we can.    Mr. Blinken. We've made clear that not only are we strengthening every possible defense but that we reserve the right to respond at a time and place of our choosing in a manner of our choosing so we are looking at a variety of ways of responding to any cyber provocation.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman. I think a couple things happen.    One is that in the immediate we'll lose market share and the trade barriers that are high for our workers and our products will remain where they are and maybe they'll even get higher.    Second, we run the risk that other countries will try to take the mantle in writing the rules for how trade goes forward and I can almost guarantee you that if we are not the ones in the lead of that effort those rules will not be advantageous to our workers and to our companies and they certainly will not be advantageous to the standards. We want to set the highest possible standards when it comes to protecting labor, protecting the environment, protecting intellectual property, and good governance.    So I think we are at real jeopardy, potentially, if we don't go forward in seeing an environment turn against our interests when, to the contrary, this is an extraordinary opportunity.    Again, we have in the region, as people have pointed out, close to two-thirds of the global middle class by 2030. That has extraordinary potential as beyond what we see today as an export market for the United States.    Mr. Blinken. We are working on a bilateral investment----    Mr. Blinken. We do not currently have a bilateral----    Mr. Blinken. So no. But we are working on a bilateral----    Mr. Blinken. Well, I think it is--as you know--a very complicated picture over the last 30 or 40 years.    I think if you look at the displacement in manufacturing, for example, over the last four or five decades, and something that we are deeply concerned about because of the impact that it has on our fellow citizens, much of this, of course, predates any of the free trade agreements of the 1990s. This started, really, in the 1970s. Technology--robotics--is probably more responsible for those developments.    That said, it is vitally important that in the agreements we reach that the standards, particularly for protecting workers, are the highest possible and if the United States is not in the lead in forging those agreements those standards are not going to be the highest possible.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much, Congressman.    First, I think Taiwan has given the world a very vivid demonstration of what a democratic election is and what a democratic transition is.    Mr. Blinken. That was a very powerful message.    Mr. Blinken. I met with the President--the new President. She came to visit Washington this past summer. We had a very good meeting with her at the State Department and we have strongly encouraged the Chinese to engage with her and with Taiwan in a manner of mutual respect, with flexibility to try to build on the positive developments in cross-strait relations over the last decade or so. We hope the Chinese will do that.    Second, we very much agree with you that what has given Taiwan the confidence to engage with mainland China is the support from the United States, including arms sales. We have wanted to make sure, as have previous administrations, that Taiwan could not be coerced into doing things against the will of its people. I think we've notified something like $14 billion in arms sales since 2010. We continue to look very actively at that. With regard to our own posture in the region, as I said earlier, we now have approaching 60 percent of our Navy in the region. We take very seriously that Taiwan must feel confident if it is to engage from a position of strength with the mainland.    The other thing I think is important, and I know you've been a strong advocate for this, is we want to make sure that Taiwan and the talents of it is people are able to be employed around the world against global challenges. And so part of that is making sure that Taiwan can be represented in international organizations and we've been working very hard on that, to make sure that in organizations where recognitions of state is not required they be allowed in as members and where it is that they be able to participate irrespective of whether their statehood is recognized.    So across the board we've been working to strengthen our ties to the people of Taiwan and support its efforts.    Mr. Blinken. Yes. I am glad that you're putting the focus on that because that is a concern that we very much share. We've seen a series of terrorist attacks in Bangladesh over the last several months including the ones that you referred to, which Daesh or al-Qaeda have taken credit for.    Now, the government has sometimes claimed that these attacks were actually the work of the opposition in one fashion or another. But what we've seen, based on the evidence to date, is in fact that extremist groups, whether they are indigenous or whether they really are affiliated with ISIL or Daesh, are responsible and this gives us concern about the potential for ISIL, for Daesh, to take root in Bangladesh which, as you rightly pointed out, has been an important country in terms of a Muslim majority country with a moderate orientation that can be an important player in dealing with the problem of violent extremism.    So as a result of that, we have been both engaging with the government on this problem but also, for example, with India, given the relationship between India and Bangladesh, to raise the concern and to try to work together with them on countering violent extremism before it takes root in Bangladesh. That's the last thing we want.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you.    Two things on that, Congressman.    First, with regard to their investments abroad, just on the first part of that equation, as a matter of principle, investments particularly in infrastructure in various parts of the world--Africa, Latin America, Central Asia, you name it--are welcome and needed.    But what has concerned us with regard to China is that those investments be made to high standards, not low standards, and again, worker rights, environment, intellectual property, good governance.    So they've established the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank. We are not a part of that, although if the bank now operates to those high standards we'd welcome finding ways to work with it and other existing institutions.    But the key is those standards, and what I think we found with China investing abroad is that sometimes the bloom comes off the rose after a while because what tends to happen is this is usually commodities driven. They're trying to get commodities out of the countries that they're investing in. They do invest in infrastructure. They put a lot of money in. They have a lot more state money than we have to invest. But typically they import hundreds of Chinese workers to actually build the projects, as you know, and that doesn't sit well necessarily with the host governments.    The quality of what's built may not be up to standards and that tends to turn things a little bit so I think they have to look at that a bit carefully.    When it comes to our own investment and ability to invest in China, we are working across the board to get much greater access to get rid of some of the restrictions that inhibit our ability to do this.    This is very much part of our agenda with them and part of the bilateral investment treaty that we are seeking to negotiate is focused on exactly that.    Mr. Blinken. I think it is an excellent question and one that deserves a lot of thought. I think the first point that you made is important. The CFIUS only winds up applying to a very, very small percentage of the investments that are made or sought to be made. So we are talking about a pretty narrow universe to begin with.    Second, as a matter of principle, we welcome investment. This is good for our companies. It's good for all sorts of industries and it is something that as a general proposition we want to encourage. But it is vitally important that when it comes to national security we remain vigilant and that is what CFIUS is designed to do.    Now, I think you're right to raise the question about whether in the event of a bilateral investment treaty the investment flow goes up significantly, is that going to put further strain on the process and do we need to look at it. That's something I'd like to come back to if I can because it is a very good question that I need to think through a little bit more.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you, Congressman.    We've certainly seen a significant buildup in China's military capacity over the last couple of decades and in recent years.    Some of that, I guess, on one level is not surprising as China grows and is more engaged in the region. It wants to protect its expanding interests and what we've seen though are two things.    We've seen an investment in these new capabilities which I think the chart shows very well. Everything from cruise missiles, short and medium range ballistic missiles, high-performance planes, integrated air defense and, of course, the Navy.    They're investing in those capabilities. They're also engaged in trying to transform what had been a mass conscript ground-based force into a higher tech force as well.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. So but just to get to your, I think----    Mr. Blinken. Two things. First, of course, their budget is opaque. It's hard to know exactly what they spend on the military.    Mr. Blinken. So our response----    Mr. Blinken. Sure. A few things. First, our military budget remains roughly three times what theirs is and they're, of course, starting from a much lower base. So that buildup is significant but they're trying to match something that is started at a much higher level and continues to invest at a significantly higher level. Second----    Mr. Blinken. It'll be about 60 percent of our Navy by 2020. Our technological capabilities, our experience, our capacity remains greater by far than any nation on earth including China and, again, I would defer to my military colleagues. I don't believe that is going to be challenged anytime soon.    Mr. Blinken. No, I would say that we are being very vigilant about the growth in China's military capacity. We are making sure across the board when it comes to any country that our own country remains unmatched.    Mr. Blinken. Yes, that is part of their strategy.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much.    I think there are two things going on here. It's not a surprise that countries try to get information about other countries and that goes on every day and it continues to go on, of course, from China in the direction of the United States.    Where we've drawn a very bright line is on the question of using cyber technology to steal trade secrets for commercial advantage and a critical component of the agreement reached between President Obama and President Xi actually last fall and then reaffirmed is that China will no longer do that.    Now, it said that. It made a commitment. It's reasserted that, reaffirmed that in the G-20 as well as directly with us. We now have to make sure that that in fact is the case and it is being implemented.    So we are watching very vigilantly to see. I am not----    Mr. Blinken. I am not personally aware of cases--of current cases of that but I am happy to go back and confer with Admiral Rogers.    Mr. Blinken. You're right that that debate has reemerged in South Korea as a result of North Korea's provocations. President Park was very clear in statements that she's made that that is not the path that South Korea should or will take, at least under her administration.    And we've tried to make clear to our allies and partners that it is not necessary because, to put it colloquially, we have their back with the nuclear umbrella and with every other means that we have to their defense.    So we have not only reaffirmed that very solemn commitment to the defense of Korea, we have strengthened our own relationship and one of the things that we've done is now engaged in formal consultations with them on deploying the THAAD missile defense system to South Korea and they're developing their own missile defense system in cooperation with us. So we've been building up the defenses including for our partners and allies and, of course, we've also been going very hard at the North Koreans on the nuclear missile program.    Mr. Blinken. As you know, Congressman, we are actually working very actively right now on the new report for this--for the past year and so I can't speak to its conclusions because they haven't been reached.    I can say generally with regard to Malaysia just over the past year some of the things we've seen. We have seen very significant and in fact unprecedented consultations between the government and civil society and international experts to draft regulations to implement the legal amendments that were passed by their Parliament at the very end of the last reporting period.    And that would really empower the agencies to enforce the amendments that were reached. So that is positive. That doesn't mean its dispositive of anything we'll conclude but it is something we've seen over the last year.    This would allow victims of trafficking to live and work outside shelters, which is a strong consideration. I know that we have remaining concerns about the conviction rate in Malaysia. That's something that we are looking at and that will factor in to the assessment and we need to continue to work with them to build their own capacity to investigate, to prosecute, to convict and we are doing that, for example, through IOM.    We are funding some of those activities. So I would say I can't speak to you, obviously, about the conclusions of the report. We haven't reached them yet. I would say based on this we've seen some progress but that is not dispositive to the conclusion.    Mr. Blinken. Yes.    Mr. Blinken. I agree with you. I agree with you on that. I mean, enforcement is a critical piece of this. I am not aware of significant progress on the prosecutions but I can come back to you on that.    Mr. Blinken. Thank you very much.    And first of all, I very much appreciate your comments on North Korea and agree very much with you that China has a unique role to play because of its unique relationship with North Korea.    We are seeing some positive steps forward in terms of implementation of the Security Council resolution but it is not yet dispositive. So we are looking very carefully at that.    I could not agree more with you as well that China can't have it both ways. It can't have it both ways in a number of areas. It can't be a party to the Law of the Sea Convention and then ignore or reject the provisions of that treaty including arbitration as an appropriate mechanism and the binding nature of any arbitration decision on the parties to that decision.    So we would expect that China, as a party to the Law of the Sea Convention, once the decision is issued by the tribunal, will respect it. So it can't have it both ways there. It can't assert the Law of the Sea and not respect its decisions.    Second, with regard to ASEAN, I think you're exactly right. We worked very, very hard to build up ASEAN as an organization to make sure that it created a space in which countries that individually might not have the confidence to take on difficult issues like the South China Sea might feel some greater strength in numbers and collectively.    The President, as you know, had this historic summit with the ASEAN countries at Sunnylands just a few months ago. We are looking to ASEAN, as it did most recently at that summit, to express its support for these basic principles and we'd like to see that happen when the arbitration decision is issued as well.    And by the way, on the agreement that you referenced with Brunei and Laos, I think there is a lot less there than meets the eye.    Mr. Blinken. First, we welcome India's interest in joining APEC and we also welcome, and I've said this directly to my Indian counterparts, talking to them about how they see membership in APEC fitting into their own thinking about their economy, about trade, and the evolution that they would make.    So I suspect we will have those conversations going forward. I also very much agree with the larger proposition that you cite about the importance of India and in particular the importance of trying to deepen and expand our own trade relationship with India and its own relations in the area.    I think a few things just in terms of obstacles. First of all, the other members, of course, would have to agree. It's a consensus-based organization. The other thing I'll tell you and I think, you know, this is a consideration as well. We want to make sure that as countries join organizations like APEC that they are going to work to productively and cooperatively to uphold its rules and standards and to be productive partners in that enterprise. So that is one of the things we'll be talking to the Indians about. But the bottom line is we welcome their interest and will be talking to them about it.    Mr. Blinken. We would be concerned with any country violating its obligations under the U.N. Security Council resolutions in terms of purchasing or making available to North Korea weapons, and if that is the case with Vietnam that is going to be a concern.    We are being very vigilant about making sure the countries are not doing that.    Mr. Blinken. Yes. As you know, there was an incident in which a ship that was transporting weapons that apparently originated in Cuba and seemed to be heading for North Korea was actually stopped by the Panamanians and weapons were found on board. The weapons were confiscated. The ship was finally returned to the North Korean ownership. There was, I think, a $700,000 fine that was paid. I think the captain was detained.    We've come down very hard at the United Nations on this shipment, including putting a spotlight on it--putting a spotlight on Cuba's apparent role in helping to facilitate this trade in weapons. This is a real concern and we've been very vigilant about making clear that that is unacceptable.    Mr. Blinken. Congressman, I can say generally two things. First, my colleagues in the Treasury, Commerce, and USTR are across the board very vigilant about trade enforcement generally and with regard to China specifically.    We have, I think as you know, overall filed, I think, 20 WTO enforcement complaints since 2009--the most of any country. And by the way, we've won all of the cases that have been decided.    With regard to China specifically, and this is not in steel but this is more generally, just this past month they signed an agreement ending export subsidies as a result of a challenge we made to those subsidies at the WTO.    A year ago, we won a challenge to compliance on high-tech steel duties that we had challenged them on and that contributed to a $250 million annual loss to our exporters. That ended as a result of the enforcement actions that we took.    In 2014, there was a finding against China on duties and quotas on rare earths and tungsten. And finally, we issued--this again was the result of an action that we took. And also in 2014 there was a finding of breach regarding unjustified duties on cars and SUVs--$5.1 billion worth of cars and SUVs sold. There, too, we got a decision.    So I can't speak to the specific case that you referenced but I can promise you that I am sure my colleagues are looking at this very carefully and based on the record to date if there is something that is actionable we'll take action.    Mr. Blinken. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.