    Mr. Stichman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, ranking member, and other members of this committee for the opportunity for the National Veterans Legal Services Program to address the appellate claims adjudication process. VA can do much to eliminate the disfunction that currently exists in the appellate claims adjudication system, but Congress can and should play a role in eliminating the disfunction that currently exists. NVLSP urges Congress to adopt five legislative solutions, which I think meet the answer to the questions that the chairman asked the last panel.    First, authorize the BVA to develop evidence itself without having to remand to the AMC or regional office. 15 years ago, then-Secretary of Veterans' Affairs, Anthony Principi, decided a partial solution to the hamster wheel phenomenon was to amend VA regulations to allow the BVA to develop additional evidence itself without remanding to the RO in a case in which the Board determined that a final decision could not be issued because additional development was necessary.    Forcing the BVA to remand to the AMC or the local ROs lengthens the adjudicatory process because the BVA does not have direct authority over the AMC and RO, meaning the BVA cannot control whether the AMC or RO provides expeditious treatment or properly complies with the remand instructions. Allowing BVA development without a remand to the AMC or RO further streamlines the appellate process by eliminating the need for the RO or AMC to review the record and prepare a written supplemental statement of the case before the case is returned to the BVA for another decision.    Second, provide the veterans organizations with the right to petition the VA General Counsel for a binding precedent opinion on the proper interpretation of a statute or regulation. This would address the lack of clear rules and precedents that burden the system now. By providing stakeholders, the veteran service organization, with the right to petition the VAGC to adopt a particular interpretation of the statutes of regulations that are supported by the petitioning VSO, the GC will be required to issue an opinion binding on the ROs and the BVA. Currently, the VA General Counsel has the authority to issue these binding precedent opinions on its own, but this authority is seldom utilized.    Three, authorize the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims to certify a case as a class action on behalf of similarly-situated VA claimants, require the VA to put a moratorium on the claims of all similarly-situated claimants while the case in court is pending; and once the court finally decides the case, require the VA to apply the decision to all pending claims that were subject to the moratorium. This streamlines the adjudicatory process for similarly-situated cases.    Four, prohibit the regional offices and the BVA in a case in which there is positive evidence supporting the award of benefits from developing negative evidence against the claim unless the RO or BVA first explains in writing why the existing evidence is not sufficient to award benefits.    One reason for the existence of the hamster wheel phenomenon is that in a case in which the veteran submits adequate positive evidence in support of a claim, the BVA, or even the RO, sometimes does not simply award the benefits sought. Instead, the agency extends the life of the claim by remanding to obtain yet another medical opinion from a VHA physician. Veterans advocates call this longstanding VA practice developing to deny. In addition to fostering the hamster wheel phenomenon, the practice is inconsistent with the pro-claimant adjudicatory process and the statutory benefit-of-the-doubt rule.    Five, require the VBA to change its work credit system for VA adjudicators so that raters do not get work credit for denying a claim without first obtaining the evidence needed to comply with the VA duty to assist.    I see my time is up, and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Stichman. The 3 years and 5 months is the average according to the fiscal year 2013 report by the BVA chairman from the filing of the NOD to the Board decision. But as we have heard today, the Board decision often does not finally decide the claim. 45 percent of those appeals result in a remand, so the claim is going to continue on from there. It takes another year at the AMC, more years if it is remanded to the regional office.    And then the AMC or regional office has to review the evidence obtained and prepare a new decision and then 75 percent of them, which aren't granted, are returned to the Board, then the Board has to re-decide the case. The board may remand again, we have heard, because the regional office or the AMC didn't fully comply with the instructions of the Board. That is why we recommend that the BVA be in charge of development as Secretary Principi envisioned 15 years ago, so the BVA can ensure right away that the remand instructions are followed.