    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott, for holding today's hearing.    And thank you to all the witnesses for being here to talk about this important issue that has historically been bipartisan. I am really looking forward to working with all my colleagues to take ambitious steps to ensure that fewer children have to worry about where they are going to get their next meal.    And I really appreciate Mr. Rokita bringing up the efficiencies and thank you for your ideas on that. Let us make this work better for more children.    My home state is already doing some great work but still facing some challenges. Just recently our governor signed a bill to eliminate copays for school lunch. I know that other states, Minnesota, Colorado, Vermont, have some variations of this. It is going to affect roughly 30,000 Oregon children who had qualified for reduced-price lunch; it will now be free lunch. We are removing a barrier for many of them.    We also have been doing an Oregon summer EBT for children program. The pilot programs doing EBT transfers for children have seen a significant, up to a third, reduction in child hunger through this program. It has worked well in our pilot in Oregon. We should talk about expanding that because with that significant reduction in hunger, there is a lot of potential there especially with the summer programs.    So it is clear that we need to take action and I know that many of you discussed, of course, how it is difficult for children to learn if they are hungry. It is really in our best interest. In a country like ours where we have so much, it is just wrong for students to be hungry, for children to be hungry.    I thank Representative Fudge who apparently has left for her work on Farm-to-School programs, really important in our state of Oregon, I actually joined one of my colleagues and had lunch at an elementary school that does a Farm-to-School program. We had great fun. It was really good food, too.    So there is, again, a win-win to work on those. Actually, it is a win-win-win because the children get more nutritious food, it supports local agriculture, but it also educates students about the source of their food.    So I wanted to focus on childcare settings and talk about the importance of making sure that children in child care settings can get a late afternoon snack or supper when their parents have to work late, for example.    So I want to ask you, Mr. Storen--first of all, thank you for acknowledging that this is a shared responsibility. It is an important role for Congress but there are also a lot of partnerships with our faith community, our non-profits, our parents.    Can you talk, Mr. Storen, about some of the steps that we could take to promote a provider's participation in the Child and Adult Care Food Program? Child nutrition programs provide a great opportunity to educate families and promote healthy eating and I am wondering a little bit about these CAFPCC programs could help educate programs, serve as models.    I imagine that there is a capacity there to provide nutrition education, might vary a little bit between a large center and a smaller daycare home, but is there a role for us to support nutrition and nutrition education in CAFPCC? And others could weigh in, as well. Would like your thoughts on that program, please.    Ms. Bonamici. Absolutely. Before my time expires, do you have any thoughts on--there is some discussion about changing the area eligibility test for Tier 1 reimbursement for Child and Adult Care Food Program? For example, what if it changed from its current 50 percent to 40 percent so if reimbursement were offered to providers in areas where 40 percent of the children qualified for reduced price as opposed to 50 percent, how would that change access? Do you have thoughts on that?    Ms. Bonamici. My time is expired.    Chairman Kline.--expired.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.