    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to thank the panelists for helping the committee with its work.    I would like to also thank Chairman Meadows and Ranking Member Connolly for holding this hearing as well to examine immigration and border security.    I would also like to thank our witnesses again for your expertise in this area.    As reported by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, we are witnessing the largest global forced displacement of people since World War II. Conflict, persecution, violence, and flagrant human rights violations have forcibly displaced nearly 60 million people worldwide, including 19.5 million refugees, 38 million internally displaced persons, and 1.8 million asylum-seekers. That is a 60 percent increase from 37.5 million displaced people recorded by UNHCR a decade ago.    Over 50 percent of the refugee population is now made up of children below 18 years of age, marking the highest child refugee figure in more than 10 years. In 2014, over 34,000 asylum applications were submitted by unaccompanied or separated children across 82 countries. That is the highest count on record since the agency began collecting this data in 2006.    The war in Syria and the rise of the Islamic State have been the driving factors behind the unprecedented surge in global displacement. Approximately 7.6 million people have been internally displaced within Syria alone, and more than 4 million refugees have fled the country since the start of the conflict in 2011.    The stark increase in global forced displacement coupled with devastating terrorist attacks in Paris, San Bernardino, Beirut, Istanbul, and Ankara in Turkey, and just yesterday in Brussels, Belgium, have led to ongoing policy debates in the U.S. over how best to prevent terrorists from infiltrating our legitimate immigration processes.    This is a critical and necessary examination that must entail fact-based oversight of our existing immigration and border security policies across-the-board. In the interest of national security, it must also be undertaken in a manner that continues to reflect our longstanding international commitment as a signatory to the 1951 Geneva Convention to protecting highly vulnerable individuals who are fleeing from persecution and violence, and as stated in a recent letter to Congress signed by 22 U.S. national security leaders from Democratic and Republican administrations alike, and I quote, ``We believe that America can and should continue to provide refuge to those fleeing violence and persecution without compromising the security and safety of our Nation. To do otherwise would undermine our core objective of combating terrorism.''    These leaders included General David Petraeus, the former Commander of U.S. Central Command; George Schultz, the former Secretary of State under President Reagan; and former NATO Supreme Allied Commander James Stavridis, who is now at Tufts University.    In furtherance of this committee's efforts to review our national security framework, Congressman Steve Russell of this committee and I recently traveled on an oversight mission to Turkey, Jordan, and Lebanon to assess and even participate in the vetting processes required for Syrian refugee settlement to the United States.    After visiting refugee camps along the Turkish-Syrian and Jordanian-Syrian borders, and meeting with various refugee families, we discovered that the vast majority, between 70 and 80 percent, are not even interested in resettlement at all. Rather, they seek to stay in the neighboring host countries, Turkey, Lebanon, and Jordan, in the hopes of returning home.    The overwhelming preference of these families is to stay close to Syria, indicating that one of our primary national security goals should be to ensure that financially strained host countries and international humanitarian agencies have the resources necessary to provide a dignified life for their refugee populations in place.    Regarding the vetting process itself, I must say that prior to our oversight visit, I had my serious doubts about the effectiveness of vetting conducted in virtual warzone environments, and I supported both the Republican and Democratic measures to enhance the vetting process.    I would note that the delegation arrived in Beirut only several months after a double suicide bombing in that city that killed over 40 people. We arrived in Istanbul only 4 days after a suicide bombing in a central square that killed 10 German tourists. And we left Kilis province only 1 day before a rocket attack fired from Syria hit a Kilis school.    However, for the small percentage of families who do seek resettlement to the United States, what we found in our oversight of vetting centers in all three host countries was a multilayered vetting process that is robust and extensive. It is conducted by specialized U.N. and U.S. agency personnel trained to ensure that only the most thoroughly vetted and the most vulnerable, or 1 percent, of Syrian refugee applicants are admitted for resettlement.    They are also very cautious in their work, given that any misstep in the vetting process could not only pose a grave danger to the American public, but also effectively halt resettlement for millions of legitimate refugees.    It is this type of fact-based oversight that should guide our review of immigration and border patrol procedures across-the-board. This is absolutely imperative at a time when our Federal agencies responsible for securing homeland security face severe budgetary constraints and every homeland security dollar must be allocated toward the most critical national security risks.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you again for holding this hearing, and I look forward to discussing these and other issues with our witnesses, and I yield back the balance of our time.    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you very much.    I really appreciate your opening statements and testimony. I want to drill down. I do not want to spend a lot of time on this, but let's talk about the credible fear standard.    As I read the 1951 Geneva Convention for refugees, it says ``well-founded fear.'' That is the standard, well-founded fear. When I see this standard, you are talking about credible fear. When you go to Webster's or New Collegiate Dictionary, ``well-founded'' is ``credible,'' and ``credible'' is ``well-founded.''    I don't understand what the dickering is all about. Isn't it really the same standard as the Geneva Convention?    Mr.  Lynch. Just the fear. We are talking about the fear.    Mr.  Lynch. We are talking about the fear that that person has.    Mr.  Lynch. It seems very close to the Geneva Convention standard, though. When you look it up, Webster's Dictionary, credible versus well-founded, it is not totally made up if it means exactly the same thing. I know in application, it is different. I am not questioning that.    Mr.  Lynch. Okay. I hear you. You said that already.    Ms. Acer, could you?    Mr.  Lynch. Yes, but can we talk about my question, though?    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you.    Mr.  Lynch. Okay.    Mr.  Lynch. Okay.    Mr.  Lynch. Okay. I have 2 minutes left, and I want to get to this other issues.    There are pull factors and push factors. We did a couple codels. We went down to San Salvador. We went down to Tegucigalpa. And we went down to Guatemala City.    And so we were at the airport when the people--largely, mostly kids, but a few parents--when the kids arrived back in Tegucigalpa, I think it was.    So we had stopped them at the border and sent them back, and the plane arrived around 11 o'clock. By 1 o'clock in the afternoon, every kid had been picked up. Every child had been picked up and taken home by their families.    The deal there, in talking to the immigrants, these families that are trying to get into the United States illegally, they said the range was $7,000 to $8,000 per person, and they get three tries. They get three tries to get into the United States.    They call them ``coyotes.'' I don't like using that term, because it has a romantic appeal to it. These are human traffickers, okay? And they are putting these kids at grave risk in this whole exercise here.    So what I am getting at is, there is a push factor. Actually, there is a pull factor by having low standards in this country for allowing immigrants to come in. But there is also a push factor, because there is an industry down there in Central America that it is much more profitable than smuggling drugs. And most of these countries don't have human trafficking laws in place down there, so they can do this, and there are no real dire consequences as there would be if they were trafficking in drugs or guns.    So I am asking my Border Patrol folks, is this the nature of the problem? What is a greater factor, the pull factor of the United States being lax or the push factor of the industry down there that is actually pushing people up to our border?    Mr. Vitiello?    Mr.  Lynch. Right. Okay.    Mr. McCraw?    Mr.  Lynch. Okay, Mr. Judd, do you have anything to add?    Mr.  Lynch. I spend a lot of time in the Middle East, and so do a lot of members on this committee.    When Angela Merkel back last August said Germany welcomes the Syrian refugees, we will take them, she ended up with 1.3 million. She never expected it. Now they are sort of backing away from that. That was a pull factor. That was a pull factor.    When you talk to the Syrians on the border, they all want to go to Germany, because they were beckoned to do so.    I am just wondering if we have a similar situation here because we didn't see the surge when there was civil war in El Salvador, when there was civil war in Nicaragua. We did not see the huge--and those people could've legitimately said, I have a civil war back home, and I need to come to the United States. We didn't see the requests at the border that we are seeing now.    I don't know. There is something else going on here. Maybe we are part of it up here creating this problem.    I yield back. You have been very courteous. I appreciate it, Mr. Chairman.