    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Look, I actually love my community banks. Those are the banks that are making the loans, doing the mortgages, helping folks out in my community, and I actually have sponsored a regulatory relief bill for community banks because they are making the loans and out doing all those crazy stuff with derivatives. They've got adequate capital, and they are engaged as traditional banks.    But I do want to look at the data here, because I don't think there's a conspiracy within the FDIC to basically, you know, manipulate the application process to stop banks from coming into existence, and that seems to be the suggestion here today.    If you look at the data, in 1985 we had 18,000 banks. Today, we've got a little over 6,000. It's almost a two-thirds decline, but if you look at what happened, about 85 percent of those banks went out of business because they merged with other banks and they became bigger and bigger. As a matter of fact, as my colleague just pointed out, the 10 biggest banks back in 1985, they had 19 percent of industry assets, but today, they're closing in on 60 percent. Those 10 banks control almost 60 percent of industry assets.    So we've got these huge whales out there that are basically gobbling up these other banks, and that's not healthy. But it is not the application process that is causing that. At the same time, we've got a very, very low interest rate environment. We've got very, very low margins here. Between--you know, if you take deposits, and you know, you're getting very low interest on that and you have to lend out your money at a very low interest rate to be competitive, there's a very low margin of interest for banks, so it's tough to operate in this environment.    So I don't think there's any secret plot out there. It's just a tough environment, and that's why, not surprisingly, de novo bank applications are down. They're--it's just a tough time to try to get into the business.    And I do want to say that, you know, that idea of reducing the regulatory burden for community banks is a good one, and I know that Tom Hennig from--he's on the board, right, on your board, Mr. Chairman? He's got some good ideas. He actually sat down with a number of the members on both sides of the aisle here, and we think that we can come up with a good regulatory relief bill for community banks that are doing the right thing and just trying to help local small businesses, and that's the direction we should be going in.    But let me ask Mr. Johnson, is there something I am missing here? Apart from what I laid out in terms of the consolidation going on, the small number of banks that are in existence today and the pressures, or do you really think there is this conspiracy out there or some type of nefarious plot to, you know, to stop banks from coming into existence?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. So we have a list that the FDIC looks at when somebody applies to get a charter. The financial history and condition of the depository institution, adequacy of capital, future earnings prospects, general character of fitness of the management, risk presented by depository institutions to the deposit insurance fund, convenience, needs of the community, and whether its corporate powers are consistent with the purpose of the act.    Do we think any of those are inappropriate that we might be able to reduce the number of factors, or do we think those are all sound?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. My friends at the American Bank Association, any of those factors you think are overbearing or----    Mr. Lynch. Right, right, right. So you're looking to strike that balance.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I've abused my time. I want to thank the gentleman for his courtesy.