    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham. I am Laura McCarthy with The Nature Conservancy in New Mexico, and I really appreciate this opportunity to share why National Forest management is so important to the people in my state, and give a little bit of a western perspective.    The reason National Forests are so important is water, and I am going to explain why with a few slides. You can see up here, this is the fire scene nobody wants to see looming over their town, but unfortunately for us in 2011, that is what we were greeted with. What is most important about that fire is what it left behind. This image is taken in Bland Canyon, and we ended up with a 30,000 acre hole that looked like this with nothing living in it. This is an out of category kind of severity and intensity of fire.    This will start automatically. It should be a video that is going to show you what happens when it rains on a burned area. This is actually a debris flow that came out of that burned area that I showed in the previous slide, and it happened after two very average afternoon thunderstorms about 6 weeks after the fire. It took 20 minutes for the water to get out of the headwaters, down into the valley. You can see an apple orchard there, and you can see barriers that the Army Corps of Engineers set up, expecting a volume of flow substantially less than what actually occurred. This kind of flooding keeps happening. It is now 4 years later and we are still having events that are depositing sediment into our river.    This is property damage after that flood. And this is where that canyon comes into the Rio Grande, and you can see a big mass of sediment that the Army Corps of Engineers estimates is 70 deep. So we have mass movement of sediment, literally the soil, the lifeblood, out of the headwaters, down into the river, and this river carries water that supplies drinking water for \1/2\ of our state's population, and irrigates the incredibly productive farmland in the Rio Grande Valley. So it is very significant to us.    This is the reservoir that is \1/2\ a mile down from the confluence of Bland Canyon and the Rio Grande, and this was taken on the day after the flood. You can see what the reservoir looked like. The water samples are not from the reservoir, they are from another river that was affected by the same fire.    So now the solution. The science is really clear. We need to accelerate the pace and scale of restoration, and we want to really complement the Forest Service and the Administration for putting a focus on accelerating the pace and scale of restoration. You can't stop a fire from growing 43,000 acres in less than a day if all you can treat is 3,000 acres a year. We need to scale-up. And the Forest Service can't do it alone. That flood that I showed crossed many jurisdictions, and so must our solution. So we need to involve the Interstate Stream Commission, which manages the Rio Grande. We need to involve the Federal agencies that manage water.    What we have done in New Mexico is create a new partnership that we call the Rio Grande Water Fund, and it is much like many other collaboratives. What is unique though is the way in which we have involved the business community. We went to them, we started with the Chamber of Commerce in Albuquerque, we asked them if they were concerned about water security, and they responded really positively. So we have a very diverse partnership. We are leveraging funding from the business sector, also from the private sector in the philanthropy world, and the LOR Foundation is here with me today, because of the significant investment they have made as a catalyst for bringing other funding solutions to the table to leverage the Federal dollars.    Let me conclude with one policy priority. This is the compelling need for this Congress, in my opinion, and in The Nature Conservancy's view, and that is to provide a new fire suppression funding mechanism. It has been talked about by several of you today. A disaster cap adjustment is absolutely essential if you are able, as a Congress, to solve that problem, then the rest of the pieces are going to fall into place. It is the 800 pound gorilla. And we urge you to take action. We appreciate your leadership, and look forward to being able to work constructively on the other forest management issues once the fire-funding problem is solved.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, it is a good question, and Albuquerque, where I live, has a beautiful mountain range right outside of it and most of it is wilderness, so I think about this question a lot.    The Wilderness Act and the agency implementation policies do allow for limited active management for the purpose of maintaining the ecological characteristics of the wilderness area. And in my experience, where the scientific information is very clear about what those ecological characteristics are, there is the possibility of active management, and that does happen in the National Parks, for example. I believe that the consensus around active management, now, and I am not talking about wilderness in this case, but just when I look across New Mexico at where people are now, the level of understanding of our public about the need for active management has grown tremendously in the last decade, and it has created a window of opportunity for the Forest Service, I believe, to really make good on that acceleration if we can remove some of the barriers, because the social license is finally there.    The Chairman. All right. Thank you very much.    My time has long expired, so I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for as much time as she consumes.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, I've been here for the last 2 days with the LOR Foundation and we have been all over the Hill, all over town, with the Administration as well, brainstorming about how to build the local capacity for replication. And I do believe that the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program has laid an excellent foundation on the collaboration side of things. However, there is such a thing as skin in the game, that is, putting money towards something, and I understand that New Mexico is not unique in having a legislature that is interested in making a co-investment along with the National Forest System. We have also been looking at the insurance premium tax as a potential revenue source, for example, and the more that the private sector and state, local, and Tribal governments are helping, and having at least some skin in the game through cooperative or matching funds, that is what is going to really bring about change.    The necessary factor though that is missing from that is the capacity-building, and it is primarily in rural communities, it is also within the Forest Service because this is really a new way of doing business. And again, there are leaders throughout the Forest Service, and we have some of them in New Mexico in the Forest Supervisor role, and that is critical leadership. It is going to take a while, but I am confident the Forest Service and partners will get there.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, it is not one I can answer. I work in the zone of collaboration. I have not had any of my projects personally go to appeal or litigation, and so I have no experience to share, I am sorry.    The Chairman. No, thank you. Thanks for your candid answer.    Ms. Swanson, any thoughts on the greater use of using an arbitration process rather than litigation?