    Ms. Gerton. Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you very much for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing. As Acting Assistant Secretary of the Veterans' Employment and Training Service at the Department of Labor, I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the Department's views on pending legislation and proposals impacting veterans.    While this hearing is reviewing several bills under consideration by the subcommittee, I will limit my remarks to the Job for Veterans Act and the Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act.    The Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015 seeks to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration within the Department of Veterans Affairs and to transfer DOL's veterans programs to the VA. The administration does not support moving the Veterans' Employment and Training Service or its programs to VA.    The veterans employment services DOL provides are well integrated into the public workforce system that is overseen and funded by DOL and shifting these services to VA would weaken this connection. VETS is able to accomplish its mission by working closely with other parts of the Department, including the Employment and Training Administration, which administers numerous core employment and training formula programs.    Together, these DOL programs provide a unified and complementary approach to serving and protecting the reemployment rights of veterans and have operated together within the states for decades. We believe that moving vets to another agency will diminish the synergy gained through alignment of these programs with other Department of Labor employment and training programs, as well as those that protect the rights of servicemembers, veterans, and their families.    Further, DOL's connection with governor-appointed state or local workforce boards and state workforce agencies that oversee the nearly 2,500 American Job Centers across the Nation facilitates veterans' employment with large national employers, as well as those small and medium-sized businesses that do most of the hiring. Our long-established relationship with the state workforce agencies is a partnership that delivers proven and positive results.    The movement of veterans' employment programs and services from DOL to the VA would generate inefficiencies by removing existing employment programs and services for veterans from the national employment services network that already exists for all America's job seekers and workers.    Other significant changes are currently underway in the public workforce system as it affects education, training, and employment services for veterans and their families. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, signed into law last year, was the first legislative reform of the public workforce system in over 15 years. This transformational legislation, which passed by a wide bipartisan majority, reaffirmed the roles of the American Job Center system that served over 1.1 million veterans last year and brought together and enhanced several key employment, education, and training programs.    The Opportunity Act modernized the public workforce system to help job seekers and workers access the services they need to succeed in the labor market and match employers with the skilled workers they need to compete in the global economy.    The Opportunity Act also requires a new data reporting structure. Currently, reporting requirements are met through the state workforce agencies which are funded by DOL's Employment and Training Administration. The reporting system for veterans' employment outcomes is part of the Department's reporting regime for the workforce system. Any requirements to adjust or change collection of veterans' data under H.R. 2275 would require extensive coordination between two departments instead of two agencies in the same department. Further, requiring VA systems to integrate with the new labor reporting system is likely to generate tens of millions of dollars in additional costs.    The administration wants to ensure that we build on the established relationships and the improvements called for in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to modernize the public workforce system and American Job Centers to better help our transitioning servicemembers and veterans obtain family sustaining jobs. For this reason, the administration does not support any legislation that would undermine its progress or ability to help veterans and transitioning servicemembers achieve positive employment outcomes.    The Department does support the enactment of the Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act, which would direct the Secretary to enter into a contract with a nongovernment entity to conduct a statistically valid longitudinal study of veterans and the job counseling, training, and placement services for veterans provided by the Department. However, we do have technical concerns enumerated in our written statement and look forward to working with the committee to address those issues.    Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, distinguished members of the subcommittee, this concludes my statement. Thank you for the opportunity to be part of this hearing, and I welcome any questions you may have.    Ms. Gerton. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question.    I think there are a number of critical points about how DOL delivers services for veterans that we have to keep in mind. Across all of its services, in all of the Job Centers in the country last year, the Department of Labor, through its state workforce agency activities, served over 1.1 million veterans. The JVSG program that VETS administers as part of that served only 330,000 out of that 1.1 million.    First of all, moving the VETS programs to the VA only moves the support for those 330,000, and that is a counseling and case management type of support. It separates then the support for those veterans who need the greatest amount of additional services to prepare them for employment, those who have significant barriers to employment, those young veterans, and those who were separated because of involuntary force downsizing decisions. It separates the counseling support for those folks from the embedded services that DOL delivers in employment and training and education opportunities and employment readiness that are delivered by the broader Job Center services.    So in the first point, we think that separating the services actually would diminish the outcomes for the veterans who need the greatest amount of support because it moves the counseling and case management away from the embedded services.    The second point I would make is that VETS serves within DOL as the voice of the veteran and the advocate for the veteran across all of DOL's program. So removing VETS from the Department of Labor would remove that voice of the veteran from all of the policy decisions that DOL is making.    And I include in that recent efforts that improve and streamline the accreditation of apprenticeships so that veterans can serve in them, take greater advantage of them, and use their GI Bill housing stipend to augment apprentice salaries. Additionally, our work with the Office of Federal Contract and Compliance Programs on behalf of veterans to make sure that Federal contractors are meeting their veteran hiring obligations, and our work on USERRA that the GAO documented in a study last year that clearly demonstrated that VETS is doing a better job in protecting veterans' reemployment rates.    So those points, and a number of the arguments that we enumerated in our written testimony, demonstrate that we clearly believe, and the administration supports, that the retention of VETS inside DOL because it delivers a better outcome for veterans, not worse.    Ms. Gerton. Sir, I cannot dispute that in the past VETS has had some difficulty in administering those programs. I would point to recent reports over the last 2 to 3 years that demonstrate a significant improvement in those outcomes. We have a number of externally delivered reports, including from the GAO, from the Center for Naval Analysis, from the Summit Institution that demonstrate the value of the Veterans' Employment and Training Service's services to veterans. We have data over the past 10 years that demonstrate a significant improvement in veteran outcomes.    We would believe that the most recent history would tend to overwrite a long past history and say that we have got the organization on the right track.