    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on de novo banks and industrial loan companies.    The FDIC encourages the formation of new financial institutions and welcomes applications for deposit insurance. New institutions help preserve the vitality of the community banking sector, fill important gaps in local banking markets, and provide credit services to communities that may be overlooked by other financial institutions.    While we have seen a broad-based improvement in bank financial performance over the past several years, the prolonged period of low interest rates that has followed the financial crisis has narrowed industry net interest margins substantially from precrisis levels.    Margin pressure remains a challenge for existing institutions and new entrants and appears to be the leading factor in the sharp decline in new institutions since the crisis.    As the economy continues to improve and interest rates rise, we anticipate that interest in new charters will increase. Over the past several quarters, the FDIC has seen indications of increased interest from prospective organizing groups.    By statute, any proposed depository institution seeking Federal deposit insurance must file an application with the FDIC. Before filing an application, the FDIC encourages organizing groups to participate in a prefiling meeting. The goal is to inform applicants about the information needed to facilitate the review process.    The FDIC imposes certain standard conditions on all institutions that are granted Federal deposit insurance. These conditions include minimum initial capital, State charter approval, disclosure of insider transactions, financial audit requirements, among others.    The FDIC may also impose nonstandard conditions when additional controls are appropriate or necessary to either mitigate risks that are unique to the proposal or to ensure actions or activities in process at the time of approval are completed before the insurance becomes effective.    In August of 2009, the FDIC extended from 3 to 7 years the period during which de novo State nonmember banks were subject to higher capital maintenance requirements and more frequent examinations. We also require de novo State nonmember banks to obtain prior approval for material changes in business plans.    The FDIC made these changes because the failure rate of de novo institutions chartered between 2000 and 2008 was more than double the failure rate for established small banks. Many of these failures occurred between the fourth and seventh year of the de novo period.    Given the ongoing improvement in post-crisis industry performance, the FDIC recently rescinded this policy, returning to a 3-year de novo period in April of this year.    As State-chartered federally insured institutions, ILCs must meet the same standards as any FDIC-insured bank. Since parent companies of ILCs are not generally subject to Federal banking supervision, the FDIC has included prudential considerations in its supervisory approach designed to ensure the independence of the ILC separate and apart from its parent.    The FDIC has recently announced a number of initiatives to support the efforts of organizing groups to establish new banks. In November of 2014 and again in April of this year, the FDIC issued deposit insurance questions and answers to eight applications in developing proposals to obtain deposit insurance.    In March of last year, the FDIC provided an overview of the deposit insurance application process during a conference of State banks supervisory agencies.    In September of last year, the FDIC also hosted an interagency training conference promoting coordination among State and Federal regulatory agencies in the review of charter and deposit insurance applications. The FDIC is also preparing a practical guide for organizing groups. This resource will address topics such as developing a sound business plan, raising financial resources, and recruiting competent leadership.    We are also planning outreach meetings in several regions around the country to ensure that industry participants are well informed about the FDIC's application review processes and the tools and resources available to assist organizing groups.    Finally, the FDIC is using this period of low application activity as an opportunity to review our current application processes for transparency and timeliness. As this review continues, we will look for opportunities to solicit public comment from the industry and groups interested in organizing a de novo bank about the steps that the FDIC could take to enhance or clarify the application process.    Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening statement. I'll be glad to respond to questions.    Mr. Gruenberg. It's actually both. The industry, as a whole, as we've documented over the past several years, has been gradually but steadily recovering from the financial crisis. So on most of the major metrics of performance--net income, credit quality, and loan balances--the industry has been getting better.    But it's something of a tribute to the industry that they have been able to do that in an economic environment of very low, historically low interest rates, and low net interest margins. So that the margins they are able to generate on their loans are narrow, but they have actually been able to compensate for it. And this is particularly true of community banks by expanding lending activity.    Mr. Gruenberg. If I may say, Mr. Chairman, 2009 was the second year of the financial crisis, probably the most severe financial crisis at least since the Great Depression.    In 2009, we had----    Mr. Gruenberg. No, but I'm just--I'm saying----    Mr. Gruenberg. What I can say is, between 2000 and 2007 we----    Mr. Gruenberg. No, but my point is, Mr. Chairman, if I may just respond, we've had a post-crisis environment really since 2009 which is in some measure unprecedented. We had the most--severest financial crisis----    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I'm trying to explain that we've had the longest prolonged period of near-zero interest rates in our country's history.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah.    Mr. Gruenberg. We're not--if I may explain--we're not receiving applications. And the reason for that is----    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, you have to--we've had a small number of applications, as you know, and we have an environment in which it's difficult for an institution to demonstrate a viable business plan.    We've had established institutions coping with the challenging environment by generating larger volumes of loans to generate revenue.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I'm trying to.    Mr. Gruenberg. For new institutions to get over the hurdle they not only have to be able to generate revenue, but they also have to get over the fixed cost of establishing the institution. And in a near-zero interest rate environment, that becomes particularly challenging.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I think for the--without speaking to a specific application, I think--as you know, the ones that are pending relate to investor loan companies. There was a more than 3-year moratorium period and an additional moratorium period, I think, during----    Mr. Gruenberg. No, it expired in 2013.    Mr. Gruenberg. And I believe the applications you are referring to have not really been pursued by the applicants since that time.    Mr. Gruenberg. They're still pending.    Mr. Gruenberg. The applications, as they currently stand, Mr. Chairman, I don't think would meet the standards, and the institutions have not pursued them.    Mr. Gruenberg. But they're no longer actively engaging with us on the application, I believe, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think we're going to do it, I think, before--over the course of this year.    Mr. Gruenberg. Assuming before the end----    Mr. Gruenberg. As I indicated----    Mr. Gruenberg. We've already issued guidance, as I mentioned, in 2014 and 2016----    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe we began it earlier this year, and I believe we'll publish it before the end of the year, Mr. Chairman. And if you like, I'll come back to you with a specific timeframe for doing that.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, as you----    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, Congressman, over 500 institutions failed since 2008. The Deposit Insurance Fund was actually depleted during the course of the crisis and as a result of the failures.    At the low point, the Deposit Insurance Fund was actually $20 billion in the red, and we were placed in the position of having, first, to impose a special assessment on the industry to bring in liquidity to manage all of the bank failures and then had to impose a prepaid assessment on the industry to bring in further liquidity to manage the failures and support the fund.    Since the crisis, we've been able to rebuild the fund and----    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, Congressman, our inspector general did a review of that, and the finding of the inspector general's report was that the FDIC played an inconsequential role.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think the IG report found that there was some legal staff level----    Mr. Gruenberg. No, I think it was about specific institution that the Justice Department had questions on.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think that's fair to say.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know specifically what you're referring to, but----    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I really can't speak to what the Justice Department program was, since we were not a participant in it. What I can say is that back in 2011 there was an article published in a Supervisory Insights Journal that the FDIC produces on managing third-party----    Mr. Gruenberg. All I can say is our inspector general did look at that issue----    Mr. Gruenberg. I understand. And because of the----    Mr. Gruenberg. Candidly, Congressman, I don't believe that was the case. And I think the IG----    Mr. Gruenberg. Sir, I can't speak to that. All I can say----    Mr. Gruenberg. Our inspector general reviewed this particular issue and didn't find any support for that, I believe.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, there are a couple of active applications by parties interested in establishing de novo banks that are under active consideration. I think the chairman was referring to applications that were actually filed several years ago, prior to the crisis.    Mr. Gruenberg. They're technically still pending, but they're not active because the applicants really haven't been pursuing them since the crisis.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, I think you raise a fair point. And as I indicated, we're going undertake a review or undertaking a review of our application process and procedures. And I think we need to resolve that issue so that an application shouldn't be outstanding for that period of time.    Mr. Gruenberg. Right.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you indicated, Congresswoman, that's a significant issue in our financial system. We, the FDIC, actually partnered with the Census Bureau on the first survey ever done on who's unbanked and underbanked, and we've been focusing on trying to respond to this issue over the last several years. Among a number of things we've done, we've developed so-called model transaction accounts, which are low-cost account-based debit card accounts with no overdraft fees as a condition of the account.    And as a result of our work, a number of major financial institutions across the country are now offering these low-cost threshold accounts that really reduce the barriers to entry and expand the ability of people to get into the banking system, and we think that's actually a very, very important objective to pursue.    Mr. Gruenberg. We actually encourage what are called prefiling meetings with interested groups looking to establish a new institution to walk them through the application and the requirements, to answer questions, and to give them the sense of what's involved in the undertaking. And actually, we may engage in multiple meetings as the group tries to inform itself about the requirements and what would be expected.    Mr. Gruenberg. Actually both. Oftentimes we encourage groups, before they actually submit the application, to come in and have what we call a prefiling meeting so that we can establish up front what the requirements are and sort of walk them through the process. And then once the application is actually submitted, we'll then follow up with them in terms of trying to fulfill all of the requirements.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know, I can't speak----    Mr. Gruenberg. Sorry. I can't speak to the specific case of Mr. Browning. I do think the application process is generally a very hands-on process with applicants.    Mr. Gruenberg. And we do go to great lengths to work with applicants. I can tell you that in terms of the general experience from 2000 through today, applications are generally processed and decided on in a 4- to 6-month period. That's the overall experience. Obviously there are going to be instances where that may not be the case. That may be the instance with Mr. Browning, but I couldn't speak to that specific circumstance.    Mr. Gruenberg. We are very much focused on this, and we've done a number of things, as I indicated in my testimony. We brought together--you know, in any application process, it's not just the FDIC, but the chartering agency, whether the State or Federal agency has to participate, so we brought the other chartering agencies together with us to work through the application process.    We are going to be holding outreach meetings in regions across the country where we are going to meet with interested parties in the industry to talk about the application process and how we can work with them if they're interested in applying. We are developing a manual which will really provide specific guidance on how to go through the application process.    So, you know, we are prepared to do everything we can to lower the process procedure hurdle of getting through the application. But----    Mr. Gruenberg. I think what we're seeing, in the period before the financial crisis, 2000 to 2007 where there were over 1,000----    Mr. Gruenberg. There was a 75 percent approval rate.    Mr. Gruenberg. So there's a high level of approval. It's really this post-crisis environment in which both, there was a severe economic downturn and a historically long period of almost zero interest rates.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know, we can't change the economics in terms of what interest rates are. We are trying to do everything we can within our own process to make it as responsive as we can to applicants and to at least lower the barrier of the application process itself.    Mr. Gruenberg. It's probably not for me to judge. I would like to think----    Mr. Gruenberg. I think we do a pretty good job between 5, 7, 8, but I think we can do better, and I think that's going to be a priority.    Mr. Gruenberg. I do not believe we do, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, you know, I'd be reluctant to speak in the general on something like that. You have to look at the specific situation and the facts.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I would want to be very careful to look at the facts of a particular situation.    Mr. Gruenberg. The way you describe it, sir, I wouldn't--I'm not taking issue.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, candidly, we had a process that's--same set of standards from 2000 to 2007, which large numbers and percentage of applications were approved.    Mr. Gruenberg. Very much so, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. All I can say, Congressman, is the institutions--and we have to function in the economic environment in which we live, and right now that's a pretty challenging one to----    Mr. Gruenberg. What I can say, if you get emails reporting incidents, we'll be glad to look into them.    Mr. Gruenberg. I'll certainly take a look at it.    Mr. Gruenberg. By our board.    Mr. Gruenberg. We have a pretty rigorous budget process that's overseen by our board, which is made up of 5 members, and as you know, politically diverse as well, and the--it is acted on in a board meeting, a public board meeting, and all of the budget, of course, is a matter of public record.    And actually, since the crisis, we've been reducing our annual budget as we've been winding down from the build up to respond to the crisis.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would say that's fair to say, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Oh, I think community banks play a critical function in our financial system and economy, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Certainly not too many community banks, and we could use more community banks.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, we have a strong banking system in the United States.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, I don't think so.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know, there has been a----    Mr. Gruenberg. Are you saying that's all coincidental?    Mr. Gruenberg. There has been a 30-year process in the United States of gradual consolidation within the banking industry, both at the large institutions as well as at the community banks.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think deposit insurance is something that's viewed as actually supportive and beneficial for community banks. And going back to 1933, when the FDIC was created, the strongest advocates for deposit insurance were by community banks to put them in a stronger position to compete with the larger institutions.    Mr. Gruenberg. Critical, yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. In reviewing an application for deposit insurance, just to be clear, our responsibility goes to deposit insurance, not to the charter for the institution. But certainly one of the key components of it would be the management plan and the proposed executive leadership of the institution, both management and----    Mr. Gruenberg. And in an appropriate compensation scheme for the institution, with not undue incentivizing of risk, would be part of the things we look at in terms of reviewing the application.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think what we have under control, Congressman, is the application process itself, in trying to make that as user friendly and responsive as possible, and fair to say, a significant aspect, particularly for smaller groups trying to set up a smaller institution, are legal and consulting fees to support the application process. To the extent that we, in the course of working with an applicant can help defray those costs, provide them the information and support and organizing group needs, our goal would be to try to contain that cost.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, as I indicated and as I outline in my testimony, we are pursuing a number of steps to try to promote new applications, including holding meetings in regions around the country for interested parties and industry groups to walk them through and explain the application process and encourage them to engage with us, as well as working with the State and Federal agencies who are responsible for chartering new banks and who are partners in terms of entry to the system.    Mr. Gruenberg. It's hard to generalize. I think that the capital required of the institution would be related to its business model and risk associated with it. It's generally a minimum of $2 million, but I think in practice it's more $10 to $20 million of capital is probably the more general experience. And I think in terms of a startup cost for just putting the application together, it probably runs close to a million dollars.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think we'd like to make it as simple and fast as we can. You know, we have a balance to strike. That's really what--we want to facilitate the entry. At the same time we have to ensure that the institution that's going to be established is going to benefit from Federal deposit insurance, and so we have to be sure both that the process is as user friendly as we can but also ensure that the new institution established can meet the standard so it can be set up.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know that I could say or advise a group not to have legal counsel. To the extent we can simplify and work with the institution to reduce that cost, that would be an objective.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think it's important in the initial 3 years of the establishment of the institution. You can look at it both ways. You want to have careful oversight in the initial period as they get themselves started up. That's a period of risk for a new entity. And I would view we have more attentive supervision, and I would view that as actually supportive of the long-term success of the institution.    Mr. Gruenberg. We'll work with any group that has an interest, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I've been--became--I was confirmed as chairman in November of 2012.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Congresswoman. Just to put it in context. Prior to the crisis, the FDIC's resolution authorities, or authorities to manage the failure of a financial institution, was limited just to the insured institution, the insured bank itself. What we saw during the crisis that it wasn't just the insured bank but actually the parent company and the consolidated financial company these very large institutions that got into difficulty as well in some cases nonbank financial companies, Lehman Brothers is perhaps the most striking example. And the FDIC had no authority to place either the consolidated complex financial institution or a nonbank financial company into a public receivership    The orderly liquidation authority that you mention actually provides us those authorities. So it's really a threshold capability if we were going to try to actually manage an orderly failure of a systemic institution like this. It was a authority we didn't have in 2008 and it was--it is an authority we have today    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe we have the authority and capabilities today that we didn't have in 2008. I would just say, though, until we actually do it, and then I would be, you know, a little modest about making heroic assertions, but I do think we are in a very different place today than we were back in 2008.    Mr. Gruenberg. Actually we do, Congresswoman, and as you may know, we're in a process required by Federal statute called EGRPRA, which requires the Federal banking agencies every 10 years to review all the rules and regulations that we've issued and determine whether any of them are no longer necessary or should be modified, and we're actually working on that process now.    We're require to issue a report by the end of this year, and I think we'll be--we've already made some changes, and we'll be proposing additional changes in an effort to reduce regulatory burden and the costs associated with them.    Mr. Gruenberg. It would really determine on how--as Professor Johnson indicated, how it was run, and since I'm not really familiar with the legislative proposal, I'd rather not comment on that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I couldn't tell you that offhand, Congressman. We'd be glad to check on that and come back to you, if that would be okay.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think in regard to the application standard, the capital requirement today is the same capital requirement that's been in place really since 1992. So we do require higher capital for startups for that first 3-year period, and the reason for that is in the startup phase of an institution, one, it's going to be a growth period so they need the capital to support the growth; two, startups generally experience higher rates of loss as they get their business going; and three, they need the initial capital just to get the operation----    Mr. Gruenberg. It's an 8 percent minimum requirement.    Mr. Gruenberg. It's an 8 percent leverage capital requirement related to the total assets of the institution, and that's been the minimum requirement since 1992. And you can argue that it's too--some people argue that it's too high. Others have argued, because of the failure experience during the crisis, it should have been even higher.    We think it's a reasonable basis to assure a significant probability of success as the institution gets started and tries to get through the initial startup period.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think our experience is those are pretty much basic considerations for a bank application.    Mr. Gruenberg. I'm not--I'm sorry I'm not familiar with the term.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, first of all, Congressman. You're correct. I think we're very concerned about it. Community banks play a critical role, but large institutions really cannot fail for exactly the point that you were making.    Community banks do relationship lending, particularly with small business. That is very hands on, and that is not the kind of business large institutions are interested in. So they really fill a critical--let me just come to your--so your question is, if you could just----    Mr. Gruenberg. Oh, look, the--we want to do everything we can to----    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, so we can't change the interest rate environment. That's not under our authority. What we can try to do that's within our authority is at least to try to make the application process, the groups interested in forming a bank, as user friendly and reduce the cost, and to the extent we can, reduce the reliance on what can be expensive consultants for a group to put together a new financial institution. I think that's a contribution we can make, and we are looking at ways to do that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe just one, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. No, we--at the end of my testimony, we provide a chart listing all the new charters, and what we've really had is an unprecedented experience in the period since the financial crisis. We really have not seen--we haven't--we've only a handful of new charters and only a handful of applications, because we have an economic environment that's extraordinarily challenging to start a new institution. I think that's the point that was made earlier.    Mr. Gruenberg. I agree, but we can't----    Mr. Gruenberg. I couldn't agree more, Congressman. We don't--community banks in particular----    Mr. Gruenberg. If you look at our Web site, and our application and the requirements are there for everyone to see, which I think is the bottom line, and we do work actively with any groups, we are prepared, and we'll look at our procedures for deposit insurance applications and try to make them as user friendly as we can.    Mr. Gruenberg. I agree.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congresswoman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah, Congresswoman. So, as you know, the eight most systemically important financial institutions submitted resolution plans, living wills, last year, and those plans were reviewed jointly by the FDIC and the Fed. And we've recently issued evaluations of those plans. And of the eight, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC jointly found five of them to be noncredible. That's the standard under the statute. And the statute provides that if we make that joint determination, we, together, have to issue a notice of deficiencies laying out the inadequacies of the plan, which we did. And all of that was made public in the course of releasing these evaluations.    And as you indicated, we gave those institutions until October 1 to submit plans addressing those deficiencies, and we'll then be at the point of having to evaluate their responsiveness. And as you indicated, the law provides this authority, that if the plans don't address the deficiencies, we have the authority to impose additional prudential requirements relating to capital liquidity leverage, as well as constraints on activities. And that's a decision we're going to have to make once those submissions are made October 1.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you may know, Congresswoman, it requires a joint determination.    Mr. Gruenberg. And the FDIC in a previous round had failed the institutions, but we didn't reach joint agreement. I do think what's important is that in this round we did reach a joint agreement on five of the plans, and we're now in a position to see the institutions, presumably, address these deficiencies, or if not, then, you know, there are authorities under the law that would be available to us.    Mr. Gruenberg. Okay.    Mr. Gruenberg. Sure.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I'm assuming relating to the evaluations that were made?    Mr. Gruenberg. And that's a matter of public record, and we'd be glad to provide that to the committee.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know, we've actually--it's tough to quantify. Clearly, it's meaningful, particularly for the 4,000 institutions in the United States with assets under $250 million. I think for those institutions the cost of regulatory compliance is significant. As a technical matter, it's tough to quantify, but there's no doubt that it's meaningful.    And, look, I think, from the standpoint of the bank regulators, we want to find ways to reduce regulatory burden and cost. We have been undertaking a review as required by the law. I think there are areas we can address, including simplifying capital, risk-based capital compliance, appraisal thresholds. These community banks have raised particular concerns about call report burden.    I think there are a number of areas where we can and are planning to take steps that will actually reduce burden and cost, and I think, to the extent we can, we really should do that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't view it as a good thing. No, I don't, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I think it is part of our responsibility. A strong community banking sector has enormous value for the financial system and the economy.    I think we want to find ways to reduce regulatory burden and costs. I think that's one way we can do it. We have tried to make our supervision of institutions risk-based and appropriate to the nature of the institution. So for a smaller, simpler bank, we're able to do exams less frequently and try to do it in a way that's really appropriate to the model of the institution.    So both in terms of trying to reduce regulatory burden and doing our supervision in a way that's responsive to the business of the bank, those are the two things we can do.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think this so-called trickle-down issue is certainly one of the things we hear about from the bankers. And we work pretty hard to make clear that whatever obligations are imposed on the larger institutions are not expected of the smaller institutions, and we try to make that very clear in our supervisory program.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think we have a pretty clear policy. I mean, I'll glad to come back to you on that. But we have to try to make it very clear in all of our guidance that expectations for large institutions are not imposed on smaller institutions.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. This has been a subject of discussion during the course of the hearing, but at least it's--as far as we can tell, we've had an extraordinarily, nearly unprecedented economic environment, really, in the aftermath of the financial crisis and recession. It's been the longest prolonged period of near-zero interest rates, really, in our country's history. And community banks make money by making loans and charging interest. So when you have a very low or zero interest rate environment, it becomes a significant obstacle to establishing a new institution.    We think that's the core issue. As the economy can continue to progress and we see some rise in interest rates, we're expecting to see some increased activity. What is under our control is the process and procedures for submitting an application and working through an application process, and that may be the area where we can make a contribution to facilitating those institutions.    Mr. Gruenberg. No. Look, I think our people are ready and available, and we certainly work closely with the groups that have an interest. I can only say that it's--I think the economic environment remains a challenging one, that's why we're actually seeing, at least thus far, only a handful of applications.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know, we have just put out our application--existing application for public comment to take comments from industry and participants on how we can improve it and simplify it. So we do seek public comment. Financial institution letters are a means we used to communicate with the industry and to provide guidance to them.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah, I believe that's----    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't think we have a problem with doing them. They are voluntarily. Some applicants utilize them. We encourage them. But since it's an informal prefiling process, it's not something we would track as part of the application process. We certainly can do that, and as I indicated, at the outset, we're undertaking a review of our procedures relating to deposit insurance applications. So that's certainly something we can consider.    Mr. Gruenberg. We can certainly do that on your own initiative, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I was corrected by our staff. For what it's worth, there were two applications approved last year.    Mr. Gruenberg. And two--yeah, two applications were received.    Mr. Gruenberg. I'm sorry. One of those was received in 2014.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, one of the applications was received in 2014.    Mr. Gruenberg. As I indicated, the average period from 2000 till today for approving applications tends to be 4 to 6 months, but it can take longer in individual cases.    Mr. Gruenberg. Apparently, within that timeframe, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Let us come back to be clear. But I believe it was received in 2014 and approved in 2015.    Mr. Gruenberg. But let us come back to you to get it right.    Mr. Gruenberg. We--I don't know about--I don't know that I have a comment on that, Congressman, off the top.    Mr. Gruenberg. One area we've tried to be clear about is that, you know, Dodd-Frank does require stress tests for institutions over $10 billion.    Mr. Gruenberg. And I think there was a concern that relates to this trickle-down issue that we were effectively subjecting the smaller institutions to the stress test requirements.    Mr. Gruenberg. The Volcker rule as finally approved, actually, for small--if a small bank does not engage in the activities relating to the Volcker rule, there's no compliance.    Mr. Gruenberg. Only if--they simply have to have a policy statement stating that. And even if they do engage in it, all that's required of them, as I understand it, is a policy statement as to how they engage the activity.    Mr. Gruenberg. To start a new institution?    Mr. Gruenberg. I think that's the average cost, yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think--yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. To the extent we can lower the cost in regard to the million dollars that you are referring to?    Mr. Gruenberg. To the extent we can lower that, and a lot of that, as you know, is accounted for by legal representation or utilization of consultants, to the extent we can help reduce that, that's----    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, we had considerable concern by smaller institutions in regard to so-called S Chapter banks and how they dividend down, and we were able to adopt a policy to make it clear that they can dividend down to their shareholders, which was an important--and that's a large number of community banks.    Mr. Gruenberg. It's several thousands, I think, are----    Mr. Gruenberg. No, I thought you were speaking generally to regulatory burden on community banks.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah, I think the--well, probably the most significant thing we've done during the crisis, because de novo banks were failing at twice the rate of the industry as a whole, we have a--had a 3-year monitoring period for new institutions. During the crisis we extended that to 7 years in an effort to reduce the number of failures.    Now that we're past the crisis, earlier this year we were able to eliminate that extension and went back to the 3-year monitoring period, which is something, I think, the industry thought was worth doing.    Mr. Gruenberg. I agree with that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think we probably can.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't think I can tell you off the top of my head.    Mr. Gruenberg. Let us see if we can get back to you on that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think that's what we'll try to do.    Mr. Gruenberg. We'll try to do that.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I mean, let us go back and take a look at it and we'll come back to you in 30 days with some thoughts on it, if that would be okay.    Mr. Gruenberg. And I think it's fair to say as part of this GPRA review process, the review of the regulatory--regulations issue, one OF the issues that the agencies, the three banking agencies are focused on is simplifying risk-based capital, which would be Basel III, for community banks. To do that it would require a joint rulemaking, so the three of us would need to get together on that. And we are working on that, and I'm hopeful we can come up with a joint proposal in regard to that.    Mr. Gruenberg. A joint proposal.    Mr. Gruenberg. As I mentioned, we've reduced the monitoring period from 7 to 3 years for de novos. We are holding meetings in regions around the country with interested industry and organizing groups to inform them about the application process.    We have--are going to be releasing before the end of this year, and I owe the chairman a report on the date on this, a handbook laying out, essentially a guidebook for applicants interested in accessing deposit insurance. We've issued guidance in a couple of instances trying to clarify the application process itself.    Mr. Gruenberg. And we've worked with the State and Federal regulators responsible for chartering institutions, because deposit insurance has to go with the charter as well, so we need to work together if we are going to make the process----    Mr. Gruenberg. No. It's generally when an applicant is unable to satisfy all the application requirements.    Mr. Gruenberg. When the applicant itself decides to--chooses to withdraw the application.    Mr. Gruenberg. In order to make a decision on an----    Mr. Gruenberg. And this is, as you can see from the chart, from the appendix, both of these things occurred in the early part of the decade as well.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, I think--the way----    Mr. Gruenberg. I think with--the general experience is that when an application is going to be rejected, we give the applicant an opportunity to withdraw the application, because as a general matter they prefer that than a formal rejection, which could have some consequence for them. And we try to give them that accommodation.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yeah. And, look, Congressman, I think, as we talked about, in terms of reviewing the process here, I take your point on that. I think that's something we could look at.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir, I think we can do that.