    Ms. ROHLMAN. Good morning, Chairman Boustany, Ranking Member Doggett, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Debra Rohlman, and I serve as Vice President of Government Sales Solutions and Client Relations for Equifax Workforce Solutions, a subsidiary of Atlanta-based Equifax, Inc., which is based in Congressman Lewis' district.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today and provide information related to the employment and income verification services that Equifax Workforce Solutions provides State and Federal agencies to assist in their administration of public assistance programs.    Separate from our traditional credit-reporting business, our automated employment and income verification service is provided through our proprietary database known as The Work Number. This database, which is governed by all applicable Federal and State regulations, is comprised of the current payroll data of thousands of employers with the salary information of their workforces.    Equifax is then able to deliver a streamline, secure, and timely transfer of information between employers and verifiers that ultimately benefits the consumer by accelerating the decision process on their loan or government benefit while freeing the employer from the disruption of verification requests.    In 2014, we provided over 18 million verifications to government entities, including agencies in all 50 States and Washington, D.C. We help these agencies by providing data for applicants of various programs, such as SNAP, TANF, CHIP, Medicaid, UI, SSI, as well as for child support enforcement and states and local housing authorities.    My written testimony provides a more detailed overview of how we work with these and other Federal agencies. We commend the bipartisan efforts to address the issues around implementation of Treasury's Do Not Pay portal, originally intended to reduce improper payments, yet hindered by statutory privacy concerns.    I would now like to address the potential changes that should be considered to improve the efficacy of the UI and SSI programs.    In SSI, one area where change is needed is the frequency in which benefit charges against employers, unemployment accounts are issued. Our data indicates improper payments are more easily identified and addressed when State UI agencies provide benefit-charged statements with a weekly breakdown of data versus some agencies' practices of quarterly or even annual data. We would welcome the committee's support in requiring all States to provide weekly UI benefit charge detail.    The second area where opportunity exists is the format of wage audit and earnings verification forms. The majority of UI agencies require wage data be provided in a weekly, Sunday through Saturday, format. In practice, this is not a common payroll frequency and often results in complex recalculations by employers, incorrect data provided or simply noncompliance.    If UI agencies would accept wage information in an employer's customary format at the initial earnings wage audit and pursue a detailed breakdown only on actual or suspected fraud cases, compliance would improve. We would encourage the committee to require State UI agencies' consideration of more traditional payroll systems, verification databases, and technologies.    In regard to the current SSI verifications process, there are two areas that can be improved. First, SSI verifications are currently performed on a manual per-applicant basis that is both labor- and time-intensive.    We would welcome the committee's support in expanding the SSA's use of commercial databases to allow batch verifications of applicants. This batch process would ensure that every SSI applicant is checked on a monthly basis for any changes to their employment or income and, therefore, preventing potential improper benefit payments.    Second, due to statutory limitations, SSI is only permitted to verify income for eligibility at initial application and for annual redetermination because an applicant's job status can change a number of times throughout a year.    Congress should consider passing legislation that would allow the SSA to verify income with a third-party database on a monthly basis in a batch format instead of annually on a per-applicant basis.    In closing, Equifax encourages the committee to review the program improvement recommendations I highlighted today and in my written testimony. We stand committed to helping State and Federal agencies make eligibility determinations, reduce improper payments, improve service, and increase overall program integrity.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I welcome your questions.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Sure. So I would agree definitely that this is a serious problem. We know that the improper payment rate remains over 11 percent. Much of what has been said about the modernization of systems is necessary.    The Department of Labor has certainly been trying to address this issue and others, again, with the database, as I mentioned in my testimony about Do Not Pay, how that database was trying to reduce improper payments as well. Definitely something that needs improvement.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Certainly, and thanks for your question.    We actually work with the State of Indiana today on all of your other benefit programs. We are integrated with your systems today.    And to give an example of how that works, someone comes into an office, a case worker pulls up their data, and if we have employment and income information on them, it goes straight into your system at that point in time.    You can see if, in fact, we have employment and income available. You can see if there have been changes if they were in a month before and X wages were reported and now Y wages are reported. It helps to make decisions that are necessary to allow those benefits to be applied.    For UI purposes, we are not working with the State today, but one of the actions that was underway in the past was both--I mentioned Do Not Pay and that process. We have also met with the Department of Labor--we do that on an ongoing basis--and spoke with them about modernizing systems, their efforts towards data analytics in the future, and definitely working with Web-based verification systems.    They are very familiar with our database and believe that it can provide tremendous value in this space, once again, to just make sure that we are not only relying on self-reporting and trust, but that the data is there and use of databases and commercial databases both from private, public, State, Federal back and forth can work.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Great question, because we see this a lot.    Modernization of systems is something that is underway in many States. It does take a while. Definitely the legislative statutory requirements around data sharing are necessary.    I know that we work with SSA today and, again, they are not allowed to use batch. Our system for batch verifications is on a per-applicant basis, and it is all because of a statutory requirement that they are not allowed to do that.    Again, DOL expects that same issue. Do Not Pay ran into that. We did work with Treasury in the past. And, again, it is a statutory requirement that we believe can be changed pretty simply.    Ms. ROHLMAN. So I would say again that the ability to use commercial databases and to share data between those--there is no question the value of data matching and data sharing. Again, the privacy laws in some cases that have been referred to are already prohibiting that sharing between the databases.    Ms. ROHLMAN. I can share what I am aware of. We did hear this, again, from the Department of Labor, we heard this from Treasury, Department of Labor as it relates specifically to UI, Treasury as it related to the Do Not Pay, and SSA as it refers to our agreement with SSA that we are in every day.    There is a statutory provision that does not allow them to share with the commercial database specifically for the batch matching with SSA. I know that there is something in their 2016 budget which will help to revise that. So certainly looking at that would be the first thing I would do.    The DOL and Do Not Pay--I mention Do Not Pay only because, again, their first efforts were around UI integrity. We did engage with Do Not Pay, Treasury, the Federal Reserve Bank, St. Louis and Kansas City. We had initial matching going back and forth.    We were in production with two States, Utah and Arizona. It had to be stopped because they were not allowed to share between the State and the Federal Government. The law governing Do Not Pay, for example, only allowed them to share with Federal agencies. So it did not allow them to work with the state agencies and share the data that we----    Ms. ROHLMAN. Correct. So the UI program, again, as it was written in the Do Not Pay--and we did hear the same thing from Department of Labor--there is a provision that--again, I am outside my area of expertise because of the law in this case, but they continued to say repeatedly it was a statutory provision not allowing them to share data between the States and the Federal agency and it was related to the Privacy Act.    Ms. ROHLMAN. I would say that Department of Labor is working diligently to combat fraud. I think there are a couple of small things that could be done I mention in my testimony that could have a dramatic impact.    First of all, again, I mention about the reporting system, again, the weekly breakdown of data. If, in fact, States were encouraged by the Department of Labor to provide weekly reporting, it would help. Today there are only 14 States who provide weekly breakdown of data. It may be on a quarterly basis, but it at least comes back weekly. So it does help the employers.    Another thing that could be done from a small process perspective is relaxation of the rules about the format for wage audits and those verification forms. Today it is a requirement in most States to have a Sunday to Saturday reporting back to the UI agency. And, in fact, that is very outdated logic, actually.    Our data shows that there are between 20 and 30 percent of employers who report weekly, but it may not necessarily be Sunday, Saturday. It may be Monday, Sunday or it may be et cetera. And the traditional formats for employers are semimonthly and they are biweekly. We find that about two-thirds of employers are reporting that way.    So if there was just a tweak, which was allowed to use the data that is available and then only process those or send to investigation those where there is a dramatic difference in the data matching that is seen in UI reporting, it would make much more efficient use of the process and of investigator resources. And we strongly believe it would reduce improper payments.    Ms. ROHLMAN. I don't have an exact number, sir. But if Department of Labor allowed that direction to the States and let them slow that down and say, ``You can relax these rules,'' we definitely believe that compliance would go up.    It would allow more time to provide the benefits to those who deserve them, but then also to focus on those where there may, in fact, be a discrepancy.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Briefly, I would start with the Reemployment Act. I think that that begins to build the integrity from one end to the other of the process. And then continuing with the UI New York Center of Excellence and, again, helping that to define the processes and those databases that would help all the States, again, from one central location makes complete sense.