    Mr. Driesen. Driesen, that's correct.    Mr. Driesen. Thank you.    Mr. Driesen. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to testify.    I think a key question we need to ask is whether OIRA helps us confront the major challenges that government standards address, such as global terrorism and climate disruption. I'm going to suggest today that OIRA has not helped us confront those challenges, and propose some reforms that would make the process more efficient.    OIRA has not helped us confront these and other key challenges because it always delays standards, usually needlessly, while doing nothing, and never speeds them up. And, because when it does recommend changes, in almost every case the changes proposed weaken the standards.    Now, government agencies already face substantial pressures to inadequately protect public health, the environment, and our safety, because regulated companies file voluminous comments, meet with agency officials, get concessions from them, sue them anyway, and then the courts make them do this all over again if they did not respond adequately to any of these comments. And, these are very well-funded interests, and we don't need yet further gauntlets to interfere with these vital protections.    The primary justification for OIRA reviewers, I think you've heard today, is the idea that an office of economist should help government agencies use cost-benefit analysis to improve the most expensive standards. OIRA, however, focuses mostly on standards where no cost-benefit analysis can be completed, because none of the benefits are quantifiable. And, it overwhelmingly focuses on rules that are not economically significant, that generate costs less than the $100 million threshold in the law.    So I have the following recommendations to streamline the process and make it much more efficient: First, OIRA should be permitted only to review standards that generate cost of $100 million or more. This would force the agency to prioritize, and allow its small staff to review rules in a timely manner.    Second, we should exempt rules that address terrorism and global climate disruption from the review process. These are cases where cost-benefit analysis cannot be helpful because it is radically incomplete on the benefits side, in both of these cases. And, these are areas where it cannot afford the delays that are routine in the OIRA process because there are risks of catastrophes that--and we don't know when they might occur. So in these cases, there should be no OIRA review.    We also should demand that OIRA not review agency risk assessments. This is an office of economists. Risk assessment requires scientific expertise that the agencies possess, but OIRA does not. And risk assessment, by the way, is the way that we come up with a number of lives saved, a number of illnesses avoided, and so on. Monetization, economists know about that, but risk assessment they don't.    Fourth, when a cost-benefit analysis shows that the monetized benefits exceed the monetized cost, OIRA should be pushing for stricter standards because those maximize net benefits. They do not follow economic theory in this respect, never have, except on one occasion I can think of.    The other thing we need to do is instruct the agency to ignore--the agencies to ignore OIRA's input if the review process lasts more than 90 days. The current executive order has sought to limit the time of review. OIRA has evaded these limits. So we need a simple rule, and we need an enforcement mechanism.    So my conclusion is that OIRA review has not helped us address key challenges that government standards address, including climate disruption and global terrorism, and that we need a much more efficient streamlined processes so that OIRA's resources will be used properly and not produce inordinate delays.    Thank you very much for your attention, and I welcome your questions.    Mr. Driesen. No. I think we could do without OIRA, but that's not what I've suggested today. What I suggested is that it focus only on these rules that cost over $100 million a year, and that it get out of the couple of areas that are really vital to safeguarding America from real economic calamity like we experienced when we had the deregulation causing the financial crisis, that is, climate disruption and terrorism where the cost-benefit analysis is not going to do us any good because it's too incomplete, and where the science of climate says there're tipping points out there that could set off runaway warming, but we don't know where they are.    And, terrorism is the same way. You don't know what the next thing is going to be, and for that reason you can't quantify the benefits. And there are potential disasters here. So I'm suggesting this now.    Mr. Driesen. Well, with the caveat that that's a really difficult question to answer, none of us here have read all these rules. I would say that the ones I know about seem sensible to me and look like an A. I've seen them going after things that really need the attention and seem to be doing it in a reasonable way.    Mr. Driesen. I do not think regulation is a--at least overregulation has not been a significant factor in causing job loss. Underregulation has, because we legalized subprime mortgages, which were illegal at one point. We allowed large firms to get into the--large banking firms that got them into the subprime business. When they were separated, there was no problem. I can give you the whole--I wrote an article to spell it out for you.    So deregulation has caused a financial crisis. Regulation has a tiny effect on jobs, and in the environmental area, it's a small net positive. And, we used to have statistics on this from the Bureau of Labor Standards, but Congress has defunded it.    Now, what those statistics shows is that environmental public health and safety was about 0.2 percent of mass layoffs. Mergers and acquisitions were a big cause of unemployment. And so, if you're going to get serious about unemployment, you've got to stop hammering away at regulation, refund BLS and look at what's really causing it, and I don't think you're going to find regulation to be prominent among the problems of job loss.