    Mr. Byrne. Thank you. Madam Secretary, I want to talk to you about the transitional reinsurance program and some current concerns that I and others have about the legality of the way these funds have been used.    We are going to put on the screen the actual text of the law, that you see there now. I also have here the same legal memorandum that my colleague, Chairman Pitts, showed you two weeks ago when you testified before the Energy and Commerce Committee.    The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, which put out this memo, analyzed this issue and stated, and I am going to quote them, ``Insofar as CMS' interpretation allows the entire contribution of an issue in any given year to be used only for reinsurance payments such that no part of it is allocated for the U.S. Treasury contribution, and that would appear to be a conflict with a plain reading of Section 1341(b)4,'' that is the language up there.    ``Because the statute unambiguously states that each issuer's contribution contain an amount that reflects its proportionate share of the U.S. Treasury contribution, and that these amounts should be deposited in the General Fund of the U.S. Treasury, a contrary agency interpretation would not be entitled to deference under the Chevron decision.''    We have that second piece of language up there now. So, you have had two weeks since Chairman Pitts brought this to your attention. You had the legal memorandum. I assume you have had a chance to go over this with your staff and your counsel.    Mr. Byrne. Can you give me some authorization for that?    Mr. Byrne. Madam Secretary, let me take my time back on that. Whether they commented or not, the law is plain on its face. It does not matter what you think or somebody outside of your department thinks if the law is plain, you do not get to interpret it any other way, and the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service says you directly contradicted the law in the way you actually carried it out.    So, are you saying now that because you put it out in comment that you get to interpret it any way you want to, despite the plain wording of the statute?    Mr. Byrne. Well, Madam Secretary, let me just say this, the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service directly contradicts you. They say you read it completely wrong and that you clearly violated the law.    Now, there is a lot of concern in America right now about the anger among the electorate. I just came through a primary a few weeks ago. The electorate is angry. They are angry because people in positions of responsibility like you violate the law. You violated the law. The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has said you violated the law.    Here we are today with some excuse that you put it out for comment. The fact that you put it out for comment does not relieve you of the responsibility to enforce the law as it is plainly written. It is plainly written. There is no wriggle room around this.    The fact that you have had two weeks to look at this and you cannot offer me any legal authority for what you did tells me that you just decided or your staff decided we are not going to put the $5 billion in the Treasury as we are required to do by law.    I can tell you my constituents and the people across the United States of America are sick and tired of that. So, if you want to provide to this committee at a later date whatever your legal staff wants to provide as whatever legal basis for their interpretation, that is fine, but telling me you put it out for notice and comment does not answer the question as to how you get around the clear requirements of this law, and it is not just my interpretation that I am going on here, I am going on the interpretation of the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service.    I appreciate you telling us what you have told us here today, but it is not an answer. I hope you and your legal staff after this is over will put something together and send it back to us. I yield back.