    Ms. Seidewand. Thank you, Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Keating, and the other subcommittee members for inviting me. I hope that my story can actually point to the interconnection of small- and medium-size businesses across the United States as exporters, some direct, and some indirect.    Resin Technology is a now $100 million global petrochemical trading and compounding company. It has been in operation for close to 20 years. I am second generation of my family business. It was started by my parents and it is still a father-daughter run business today. We sell about 98 percent U.S.-made petrochemicals in Houston, Texas. It is an extremely important area for us. And we export into over 30 countries worldwide, some developing nations, and more mature economies. The majority of our sales go into vinyl construction products worldwide such as water pipe, windows, wire and cable, and even some more sophisticated engineered parts, all dependent on the level of development in those import countries.    Today, our largest export markets are Canada, Europe, very importantly, the Caribbean and Mexico, Latin and South America account for about 50 percent of 2014 sales. It should be noted that we started the business at about 70 percent U.S. sales and with the help of EXIM financing it is now over 70 percent export sales. So it has made a huge difference in sort of where our business has gone.    We have fierce competition from large commodity international trading firms and foreign producers, the largest ones being between Korea, China, and especially Japan where they sell very much on price and very low cost to no cost financing in markets where we have to compete.    Prior to the housing decline, we were solely focused in the U.S. and Canadian markets with over 70 percent sales in the U.S. We started exporting at the end of '06, doubled our sales, year on year for many years. And we didn't really have the idea that the housing boom would persist, so we knew that export needed to be a part of our future growth plan. And obviously, 2008, 2009 proved that point very clearly and we needed to compensate for those lower sales since everything really--the largest portion goes into construction projects.    In 2011, Bank of America suggested using Export-Import Bank to back our export receivables and inventory via a working capital guarantee program where domestic sales remain under their current structure. We had for probably 2 years tried to find other ways to finance our exports with Bank of America by increasing the size of our insurance policies. We looked at inventory appraisals to try and increase the advance rates. We do use an external credit insurance agency which is a big portion of our--what is underwritten. But it never could meet the size that we needed to really compete in the export market on the buy and on the sell side because a very important part of our business is being able to finance the supply side with these major Fortune 500 companies.    What we did was increase our advance rates up to 90 percent of receivables and 75 percent of export inventory, affording us to be able to compete with our Asian counterparts which is the most important part because oftentimes they have not only subsidies on their freight, but their financing seems almost zero to very low in comparison and offer extremely long terms where we normally try to finance 60 to 90 days. Sometimes they will finance 120, 270 days. It is a very different Wild West in certain areas of market. And since our product is a more commodity element, the 75 percent loan rate than inventory really isn't considered excessive and our credit that we do with customers is the Euler-Hermes credit insurance policy or via letters of credit all with Bank of America or with local banks in the United States.    In our view, the Working Capital Guarantee Program with EXIM has been more disciplined. They have audited us more often than even our domestic program has. They have very detailed, down to customer level on sales. We have to provide waiver letters for foreign currency transactions which is very important in our markets. There is tough management on credit overseas and we also have to have comprehensive marine and warehouse insurance policies.    EXIM financing is actually somewhat expensive but where we couldn't find any other options that didn't include factoring or discounting by the bank with letters of credit where none of customers can, there really was no other option for us to really increase to where we needed to be. And really, Bank of America said they just couldn't justify the export receivables because they didn't have the global infrastructure or for inventory if something did go wrong to actually collect on those receivables which is a very important point.    But the other point that I first brought up was how we partner with hundreds of small to medium size U.S. businesses across the United States. We are in the Boston market and obviously we have people there, but also we have a lot of people that are near the ports in Houston and Louisiana that do trucking, toll blending, packaging, warehousing, freight forwarding, ones that don't even realize how much they would be affected if trade by EXIM wasn't financed.    Three such firms that I have mentioned before, Fleur De Lis Worldwide, which is in Chairman Poe's area; TCI, a packaging and trucking firm in New Orleans, Louisiana; and JPI South in Pasadena, Texas, all have doubled and tripled their workforces from our loyalty in working and partnering together.    Now with the new boom that we may see in front of us, petrochemicals, it is even more important for us to capitalize on those. We personally have doubled our workforce from 4 to 12 people and we have actually opened an office in Houston because of the concentration that we need there.    Ms. Seidewand. No problem. Basically, for us, if EXIM is not authorized, which I think is really the most important point for us, personally, as Resin Technology, we would probably drop back to just a North American business and probably would be somewhere between $30 million and $50 million in sales. We wouldn't be able to negotiate the freight, the actual export contracts. There are about five major U.S. producers that we work with. Three of them are discussing export contracts that we have in place now and all of them continually ask what is happening with EXIM. And if that isn't reauthorized that would obviously--actually signing those contracts for expert, so we would have to reduce in sales, reduce staffing and obviously all the multitude of other businesses that we work with. Because really the foreign companies that are our competitors, they just don't have the loyalty to our other U.S. businesses that we would. And I think that is the most important thing for us.    Ms. Seidewand. Thank you.    Ms. Seidewand. It is interesting how it crosses between both of you gentlemen. Really what it means for us is no growth. Really in the United States when housing did crash, there was also a lot of consolidation of U.S. customers. A lot of manufacturers started to consolidate. They were bought by global conglomerates. So the U.S. market in manufacturing actually shrunk which is where we would sell into.    So the market isn't even still the same then--isn't the same now as it was then and really it wouldn't eliminate exports, but it would far reduce them and make them much less attractive.    Ms. Seidewand. Because we just wouldn't have the financing to offer terms. When I buy from U.S. producers, they give me 30 to 60 days terms. I need time to actually export, prepare and sell those exports. And then I have to compete on terms. I need potentially 60 to 120 days of working capital financing which if your line is being held and it is not large enough because you can't lend against enough of your inventory and receivables, you just don't have enough capacity.    Ms. Seidewand. So LCs are wonderful. If I could do every single customer on a documentary letter of credit that came directly to me and was all the terms that I wanted, then I would do every one. But in certain areas, especially Latin America, as I am sure she knows, LCs are not something that they are able to do.    Ms. Seidewand. They won't do them.    Ms. Seidewand. No, the local banks there. The customers won't actually open an LC for them. And if they do, it could cost as much as 30 or 40 percent. They just don't make sense in a commodity market.    Ms. Seidewand. So the loudest one I would say would probably be from the trading companies in Japan where their lending rates are so low that they are able to offer terms that far outweigh what I can compete with. I may have the same price because we have competitive products in the United States. For a service, or maybe even offering the same types of products from the United States, that they and oftentimes are also them and four other countries' worth of products. But they can do so maybe doubling my terms. They consistently extend, extend, extend, and so if I can't compete with that, I am not able to offer that to those customers on a long-term basis.    Ms. Seidewand. Absolutely. Absolutely.