    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. While this is a hearing on legislative initiatives relating to safety, our committee has direct oversight responsibilities regarding both clean air and deceptive practices. And I would be remiss if I didn't bring up the following issue. As you know, last week, the EPA issued a notice of Clean Air Act violations to Volkswagen and its related companies stating that Volkswagen had manufactured and installed defeat devices in certain model year cars that, ``bypass, defeat, or otherwise render inoperable elements of the vehicle's emission control system.'' Volkswagen has not denied the EPA's assertion so far. In fact, the EPA has said Volkswagen has admitted it designed and installed defeat devices in these vehicles.    In my opinion, to think that one of the world's biggest and most established automakers deliberately set out to perpetrate this kind of scam on consumers is mind boggling and an outrage that harms both consumers and producers. On the one hand, we have consumers who trusted that Volkswagen played by the rules and that purchased cars had the attributes the company said they had. Dare to learn the truth about clean diesel was one of Volkswagen's advertisements. The reality appears to be that its diesel isn't clean and the ads are not true.    Nearly half a million U.S. consumers and millions more around the world have been lured by the idea of a more efficient, less polluting fossil fuel vehicle that now looks to be neither. And those people who are now saddled with vehicles that if repaired, and I am not sure that is the right word, probably won't meet the fuel economy standards that these consumers thought they were paying for. And the cars, themselves, have probably lost a tremendous amount of their resale value.    On the other hand, you have Volkswagen casting doubt on the industry as a whole. The company hasn't just harmed itself, it has harmed the entire industry. Volkswagen's actions, if everybody is wondering whether Volkswagen is the only one with this problem. So to that end, EPA released a letter being sent to vehicle manufacturers notifying them that the agency is adding new evaluations designed to find potential defeat devices.    Mr. Bozzella and Mr. Karr, what do you say to the American consumer, and how do we ensure that they are compensated not just for the economic loss, but for the fraud that appears to have been perpetrated on them? Let's start with Mr. Bozzella and then Mr. Karr.    Mr. Pallone. Mr. Karr, can you respond?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. Mr. Wallace, representing Consumers Union, the policy division of Consumer Reports, would you care to comment?    Mr. Pallone. It appears to be totally intentional. That's the point.    Mr. Pallone. That is the most important point. I don't know what you say to people at Consumer Reports who are duped into recommending some of these cars to the public and how you convince all of us and our constituents that Volkswagen is an anomaly and that we can afford to trust the industry at all. Mr. Wallace, did you want to comment? The concern now is that this isn't just one car manufacturer, there might be others.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.