    Mr. MacCallum. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the subcommittee.    FAA's oversight, regulation, and promotion of commercial space transportation has fostered a strong and growing American industry. The human spaceflight regulations that govern large segments of our industry are currently temporary and I believe should be made permanent.    This impermanence and subsequent uncertainty is one of the largest factors influencing the future success of our industry. Additionally, the industry's growth will require the FAA to seamlessly incorporate routine commercial space operations into the National Airspace System, without which we run the risk of a conflict between airports, airlines, and the commercial space industry.    I will explain three actions that Congress can take to continue to foster the commercial space industry and protect the public's interest.    First, some background. I am a founder and the CTO of World View Enterprises. Our Arizona-based company is the operator of Spaceport Tucson and is developing and operating balloon-based vehicles working at the edge of space. Like an ice cube floating on water, our vehicles float on top of the Earth's atmosphere. Our vehicles have made numerous flights to high altitudes for research, and we are the world's record holders for human flight under a balloon, flying to 136,000 feet.    Here is Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipOne aircraft plus rocket system designed to take spaceflight participants to the edge of space in a suborbital rocket ride. Blue Origin's New Shepard rocket uses a vertical take-off approach to provide participants with a spaceflight experience. The World View Voyager capsule, will ascend to the edge of space under a large balloon shown here. All three of these companies' human spaceflight operations are regulated by the FAA Office of Commercial Space Transportation with whom we have worked for many years. I am happy to say that the FAA Associate Administrator responsible for this office, Dr. Nield, runs a truly great organization.    Thank you for the opportunity to convey an industry's perspective on FAA oversight of commercial spaceflight. Spaceflight operations involving humans, called spaceflight participants, are regulated under a regime based on the participants being informed of the risks and formally consenting to them. The regulations provide extensive protection of the uninvolved public, protection of property, and safe integration into the National Airspace System.    This informed consent regime ingeniously fosters innovation, technology development, and investment by creating a market for tourists, researchers, and astronauts to fly in space. This, like other tourism or sporting activities, such as skydiving, paragliding, and scuba diving, that involve informed consent, waivers, and releases. Members of the public have the right and freedom to voluntarily engage in activities where they believe the benefits outweigh the informed risks.    However, unlike skydiving, the regime for human spaceflight operation is temporary, called the learning period. It is subject to extension by Congress, and under certain conditions, all or part of this informed consent regime can be ended by the     The idea behind the learning period was that a time will come when the entire human commercial spaceflight industry should be transitioned to a regime in which the safety of a spaceflight participant is regulated. The informed consent regime is creating an industry and should not be subject to termination. At the same time, there is a desire and longstanding vision, as we have heard, to see the commercial space industry evolve into routine operations with the success and safety of the commercial airline industry.    I believe that the best solution is for two regulatory regimes to permanently exist in parallel. The existing informed consent regulatory regime or license and a new extended license, a regulatory regime that includes spaceflight participant safety. An extended license would be required for operations that constitute common carriage under Federal aviation regulations.    For example, Virgin Galactic could offer regular 1-hour service from New York to Sydney under an extended license. For services whose destination is space itself, common carriage does not apply, and the current license protecting the public property and national airspace is appropriate. Voluntarily garnering an extended license for such activities would confer, I believe, a great competitive advantage to operators.    It is in the Government's interest to maintain our country's leadership in aerospace by creating a stable yet flexible regulatory regime. I encourage Congress to take the lead in this area with three actions.    First, make the informed consent license permanent; second, direct the FAA to develop an extended license to include participant safety; and third, make it a high priority for the FAA to seamlessly incorporate routine commercial space operations into the National Airspace System.    Thank you very much. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. MacCallum. I believe that the FAA could develop an extended license, one that involved the safety of human spaceflight participants in parallel right now. And one of the benefits of that is it allows the voluntary industry standards to move from a voluntary basis within the current license regime into being part of that extended license.    I do believe, for the sake of industry stability and investment, that ending the impermanence of the current license regime would be beneficial, especially in the context of developing a permanent license that does involve the safety of participants.    Mr. MacCallum. I believe all active industries will self-regulate, and putting together consensus standards helps create a unified baseline. However, we see so many different technologies that these standards must, by necessity, end up being performance standards rather than trying to regulate technology. Because of that and this situation that we are in, that is why I think both regimes are beneficial, allowing industry to graduate into a more regulated environment where they can.    I cannot speculate on the exact points of the law. I would hope that the FAA would be able to begin creating a parallel regulatory regime that the industry can voluntarily move into, but that would be a point of law I am not an expert on.    Mr. MacCallum. I think it is important to make the system that we are in right now permanent.    I want to address a point that Ranking Member DeFazio brought up, which I think elucidates this. AST regulates the safety of uninvolved public property, national airspace. So these activities, these launches, are very heavily regulated. We have chosen not to regulate the safety of the passenger because it is, frankly, an experience. It is not common carriage. We are not taking a person from one place to another.    As an experience, I believe it is not in the public's interest to have the safety of the participant regulated. Furthermore, it is not in the public's interest to regulate the safety of a test pilot developing new technologies. These are risks we want our industry to take.    And so what happened with Virgin Galactic is tragic. But it is the kind of thing that happens as we develop new technologies. And it is not in any way the fault of AST or Dr. Nield's leadership that that happened. Dr. Nield was regulating to the letter of the law and, I believe, has no fault. And we should not be--you know, it is Monday morning quarterbacking both looking at the report from--after the accident or the work that was done at AST. I believe they have done a great job, and we should maintain this regulatory regime because it is building a great industry. And giving it more stability is appropriate.    When it goes to common carriage, selling a ticket from one point to another, New York to Sydney, then I believe we are and appropriately, in accordance with the regulations, in a place where we should regulate the safety of the passenger. But only then.    Mr. MacCallum. I believe the current system that protects the public, national airspace, private property, is actually working very well. The safety record speaks for itself. I believe we should not be regulating where we don't need to regulate. We certainly should regulate where common carriage exists.    Mr. MacCallum. I am sorry?    Mr. MacCallum. Well, I believe one should never underestimate one's competition. And it is quite easy for emerging countries to develop sets of laws that are more favorable than ours. The instability that we have in calling something a temporary moratorium or learning period makes other countries attractive.    Mr. MacCallum. I believe stability and regulation is one of the foundations on which our economy is grown. And we should continue that prerogative.    Mr. MacCallum. This is the foundation of my proposal to have two parallel regulatory regimes. Because it takes the heat out of the situation now where industry is looking down the road at the end of the moratorium and regulations are changing, but we are spending huge amounts of money. Over almost $3 billion was invested just in 2015 in developing vehicles. But we don't know what those new regulations might be, so it is an inherent threat to the industry.    By creating a parallel regime that adopts industry standards and does exactly what Dr. Nield has just recommended, by allowing a voluntary graduation from a license to an extended license, I think we create the environment that both encourages new technologies that may come along in 8 years to work in a regulated environment where there is informed consent and allow the graduation to one where the safety of the participant is regulated.    Mr. MacCallum. So we looked at being certified as a hot air balloon is certified. The difficulty is that those regulations are built around a vehicle that goes a few thousand feet in the air under a wicker basket with a cotton envelope. We are going 30 kilometers up into the edge of space in a balloon the size of a football stadium. So it is a whole new technical realm. And there really wasn't a process in the certification side, aviation safety side of the FAA to really encompass what is fundamentally a spacecraft hanging under a very large balloon at the edge of space.    However, the regulatory system that has been set up for commercial space where the public is protected, property, national interests are protected, but we are allowed to develop a new technology under that regulatory regime, is frankly what allowed the investment and our progress to go forward. Without that kind of regulatory regime, we would be unable to move forward because we would have to develop the FAA's understanding of our technology in a certification process that would, frankly, take too long and have too many inherent risks.    I think we know when we have gone from an adventure to travel under common carriage by the very definition of common carriage in the regulations, which is that you are holding out to take a person from a point to a point. An easier way to think of this if I am buying a ticket because my boss told me I had to get to Sydney in an hour, then that is common carriage because I am not taking that flight because of the adventure and the experience. I am taking that flight because my boss told me to. And in that case, it is reasonable to regulate the safety of the occupants.    If I am just going to space or I am a researcher or I am going for the experience, I am doing it because that is either my profession or a more desired experience. And I think we can make that distinction pretty clear, and there will be a market forever for people who want to go experience space. And the existing regulatory regime is perfect for that experience, much like any other sport that we see where the participant's safety is not regulated, but the impacts to the broader community is.