    Mr. Cartwright. I thank the generous chairman. Mr. Chairman, our colleague from Wisconsin just lately made a comment to the effect that the current SNAP program, the food stamps program has the effect of encouraging women to bear children out of wedlock. And to respond to that, I would like to recognize and yield to the gentlelady from the District of Columbia for 30 seconds.    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank you for holding this hearing today. It is shameful when women and families go hungry in the United States of America, and I will not be part of a system that forwards the chance that we will have that in this country. I strongly support the food stamp program, SNAP, among other food assistance programs for this reason, and I would like to thank the witnesses for their work to relieve hunger in this country.    I would like to also point out two numbers related to fraud and waste in the SNAP program that have been touched upon here. In 2014 less than 3 percent of SNAP benefits had error associated with them, and the trafficking rate is down to 1 percent. And it occurs to me that the SNAP program is improving at its good job of ensuring the limited resources it is given are being used properly. We can and should do more to relieve hunger.    That is why I am reintroducing the SNAP Healthy Incentives Act, and this expands a pilot program nationwide in which SNAP participants receive a 30-cent rebate for every SNAP dollar they spend on fruits and vegetables. Now, this pilot program proved to be successful, and it proved a 25 percent increase in the consumption of healthy foods.    Now, Under Secretary Concannon, can you tell us a little bit more about the types of people who are aided by the SNAP program?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Concannon.    And, Ms. Dean, I wanted to also thank you for your testimony today and all of your work in your adult life in support of nutrition assistance.    You know, Republicans in the House are proposing turning SNAP into a block grant and eliminating the social services block grant, and I wanted to get your input on the wisdom of that approach and whether you think it would do anything to eliminate the low percentages of errors and fraud that we're hearing about today.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you. And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back to you in your generosity.