    Ms. DeGette. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Well, I guess nobody here is surprised we are having yet another Oversight hearing on the Affordable Care Act. This subcommittee has had 16 oversight hearings on the act since it was passed, and also we have sent dozens of oversight letters to the Department of Health and Human Services, to CMS, and others, pertaining to the Affordable Care Act.    I know for a fact the agencies have spent countless staff hours and taxpayer dollars preparing testimony for hearings responding to these letters and providing documents, information and briefings to satisfy the committee's oversight interests.    Now I just want to ask one question. Has anything of value been achieved through these efforts? Have we actually changed or modified the Affordable Care Act to work better? No, we haven't. Now listen, I believe in Government oversight. In fact, I have urged the chairman of the full committee and you, Mr. Chairman, to have meaningful oversight hearings around the Affordable Care Act because I do believe there are some things that can be fixed.    But, you know, good Government illuminates the shortcomings and causes of institutional failures and thereby it informs any substantive changes in public policy. Unfortunately, our oversight over the act over the last 6 years has served neither to enlighten the committee, improve the law nor help millions of Americans. And I just use, for example, of what we are doing here today is the hashtag that the majority is using on social media, hashtag Great Obamacare Heist, or some of the inflammatory statements in the press release that the majority sent out about today's hearing and why we are having it.    Now you have heard over and over again for 6 years that the ACA is destroying the lives of Americans, and also you just heard that the administration has not followed the law. I mean, I think that there may be a matter of misinterpretation or different interpretation, but nobody can argue that 20 million new Americans have insurance because of the Affordable Care Act.    In this press release I just referenced, my colleagues describe the reinsurance program which is the topic of today's hearing as a, quote, ``taxpayer-funded giveaway.'' Now this is a program, the reinsurance program, that the majority understood was necessary and in fact put in their own bill on Medicare Part D when they passed that in 2005.    The reason we have the ACA reinsurance program is because it helped us transition from an individual market that relied on medical underwriting to one in which insurers can no longer discriminate against individuals for preexisting conditions and cannot decline to offer coverage to somebody because they are sick. This temporary transitional program achieves this goal by collecting contributions from insurance companies which are then in turn used to make payments to insurance companies in the individual market which will offset the largest claims for the sickest individuals. I would hardly call that a taxpayer funded giveaway.    This self-same press release also described the administration's decision to prioritize reinsurance payments to insurers as, quote, unlawful. You just heard that in the chairman's statement. Now this rhetoric is also unfair and inaccurate, because what we have here is a difference of opinion regarding a policy decision and a difference of views on how to interpret a provision of the ACA.    So I look forward to hearing about those differences today, but unlawful again seems to be a little bit extreme.    Now, I just want to put this in perspective, and I want to read an excerpt of a letter from Brent Brown to President Obama. Brent Brown is a lifelong Republican who recently introduced the President at a speech in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and here is what he said.    Quote, I did not vote for you either time. I have voted Republican for the entirety of my life. I proudly wore pins and planted banners displaying my Republican loyalty. I was very vocal in my opposition to you, particularly the ACA. Before I briefly explain my story, allow me to say this. I am so very sorry. I was so very wrong. You saved my life, Mr. President. You saved my life and I am eternally grateful. I have a preexisting condition and so could never purchase health insurance. Only after the ACA came into being could I be covered. Put simply to take not too much of your time if you are in fact taking the time to read this, I would not be alive without access to the care I received due to your law.    Mr. Chairman, I would like unanimous consent to enter Mr. Brown's letter to the record.    Ms. DeGette. And I think it is time to have a productive conversation about improving the ACA and the lives of all our constituents, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. DeGette. Oh, OK. That was kind of an interesting question about a movie, about the big banks and everything. Mr. Slavitt, do you think--I haven't seen the movie, but I am going to--do you think that what is happening here with the reinsurance is the same thing that the big banks did in this movie depiction?    Ms. DeGette. And why not?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. It just smooths out the system, right?    Ms. DeGette. And this is going to be phased out once the market is stabilized, right?    Ms. DeGette. Now you said you weren't at the, we know you weren't at CMS at the time this policy was designed; is that right?    Ms. DeGette. So when it was designed--but you say you have gone back and you have researched it----    Ms. DeGette . And figured out what happened; is that right?    Ms. DeGette. You also talked to your lawyers about it.    Ms. DeGette. OK. Now, so when in 2015 CMS proposed prioritizing reinsurance payments to health insurance issuers over payments to the U.S. Treasury in the event that collections fell short of the amount needed to make both payments in full, do you know how that proposal came about?    Ms. DeGette. And did they go through that process then?    Ms. DeGette. And did they get any comments that this was illegal?    Ms. DeGette. Did they get any comments that it was a quote, taxpayer funded giveaway?    Ms. DeGette. OK. Do you know if the agency consulted with its lawyers when it put the proposal together?    Ms. DeGette. And the lawyers felt I assume that it would be legal to do this kind of rulemaking; is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now you told Mr. Murphy that you have subsequently talked to the lawyers about whether this was legal despite the language that Mr. Murphy cited to from the statute. What was the advice that they gave you about why they thought it was legal?    Ms. DeGette. Even now?    Ms. DeGette. And is this one of those four times?     Mr. Slavitt. This is one of those times.    Ms. DeGette. OK. So do you still think that this is an appropriate rule?    Ms. DeGette. And do you think that when it phases out that the bottom is going to fall out of the insurance industry?    Ms. DeGette. Why not?    Ms. DeGette. And they will be able to smooth out the----    Ms. DeGette . Discrepancies. OK, thank you. I yield back.