    Mr. Blanco. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, Chairman Sensenbrenner, and Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and other Committee Members.    I appreciate the opportunity to talk to you today about asset forfeiture and to discuss some recent misconceptions about our law enforcement efforts in this area.    As you know, asset forfeiture is designed to remove criminally tainted assets from circulation, thereby depriving criminals of the proceeds of crimes and the tools they have used to commit those crimes. By taking criminally tainted assets out of circulation and off the streets, we intend to break the financial backbone of organized criminal syndicates, terrorists, fraudsters, drug cartels, and use these assets to compensate victims and deter crime.    Over the past 15 years, the department has returned billions of dollars to victims as a result of forfeiture. Nearly half of that was recovered through civil forfeiture. The department is proud of its Asset Forfeiture Program.    However, we are keenly aware of certain concerns raised about certain seizures and forfeiture practices. The department takes seriously allegations of abuse of the forfeiture program, and we are constantly looking forward of ways to improve it.    Over the past year, the department has been conducting an internal review of the Asset Forfeiture Program and the first results, the strict limitations on adoptions, were announced last month. This means that while State law enforcement agencies may undertake asset forfeiture under State law, the department will not adopt State seizures to be forfeited under Federal law unless certain public safety exceptions exist. The review that led to this change in our practice is continuing.    Now I would like to address some of the most widespread misconceptions about civil forfeiture. We are acutely sensitive to the misconception and criticism that owners of seized property are presumed guilty and, thus, have the burden of proving their innocence to regain their property. This is not correct. In civil forfeiture, the burden is always on the Government. In order to seize an asset, the Government must show probable cause, linking that asset or that property to a crime.    Then if the seizure is contested, the Government has the burden of proving by a preponderance of the evidence the nexus of that property in question to a crime before the Government can forfeit that property. If the Government fails to meet this burden of linking the property to a crime, the Government loses its case.    In other words, the property's connection to a crime must be proven by the Government, not disproven by the owner. Only after the Government meets its burden of proving that the property is criminally tainted--that is, it represents the proceeds of a crime or has facilitated a crime--does the Government get the forfeited property. After the Government has met its burden and the property is adjudicated or determined to be forfeited, the law provides the property owner the opportunity to assert an innocent owner claim.    Critics also claim that civil forfeiture enables the Government to take possession of a person's property without charging or convicting that person of a crime. The criticism is that we can seize and forfeit property in the complete absence of a crime. This is not the case. The property seized, the Government must have probable cause to believe that it is connected to criminal misconduct.    To forfeit property in a civil proceeding, the Government has to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that that property was tied to a crime. The Government must always demonstrate a nexus to a crime.    Now in many cases, the assets may be separated by design from their true owner and criminal. The tainted property may be in the possession of a third party other than the person who committed the crime.    Criminals may be located outside the United States and outside the reach of our jurisdiction. The defendant or criminal may also be deceased. In these cases, civil forfeiture is the only means by which the Government can take these criminally tainted assets out of circulation and repay the victims.    Finally, it is important to note that asset forfeiture enables the Government to assist and compensate victims of crime. In fact, asset forfeiture laws, including civil asset forfeiture laws, are the most effective tool in recovering the proceeds and property of crime for victims. Since 2000, the department has returned over $4 billion in assets to victims of crime through asset forfeiture, $1.87 billion of which was recovered through civil forfeiture and returned to victims.    Thank you.    Mr. Blanco. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the opportunity to answer that question and to address that issue head on.    As the Congresswoman has so aptly pointed out, the new adoption policy issued by the Federal Government really takes out all of those adoptions that I think the Congresswoman had talked about. What the Congresswoman is talking about now are what was never adoptions.    When Federal agencies do joint investigations or are on task forces with State and locals, which is critical to law enforcement, those are not adoptive cases. Those are cases that are done under the supervision and under the authority of Federal Government, and our Federal policies and guidelines apply. So those are not adoptions in those instances.    And let me go further by saying that with respect to the seizure of those assets, when you talk about equitable sharing at the end of the day, two very different things. One is the forfeiture of the property, which we must go through the procedures in order to forfeit it. Once that property is forfeited, then there is a potential that that law enforcement agency may get some money back or some asset back.    There is no guarantee that they will. And in fact, many instances these task forces operate, for example, with the fraud task forces or task forces having to do with anything other than narcotics, they get no money back.    Mr. Blanco. Thank you, Chairman, for that question.    I am not familiar with the OIG's report. I am not familiar with that instance, but I can tell you what the Federal Government can do in order to----    Mr. Blanco. I have not read that report, no.    Mr. Blanco. I am happy to read it, Mr. Chairperson.    Mr. Blanco. But I can tell you two things. One is the Federal Government can definitely get involved by training individuals, by training officers, and by supervision. By providing in place, or putting in place, guidelines for them in how they approach individuals and how they do their job, which we do on a regular basis.    I think there is also a way to make sure that the public knows what their rights are, and I think the Federal Government can do those things in lockstep, as well as training its law enforcement officers.    Mr. Blanco. Well, I think, Chairman, that at this point, if you take a look at the adoptions which has been much of the criticism that has come out, at least our first step in reviewing our process. And as you know, we are taking a very extensive top-to-bottom review of the process.    Federal adoptions of State cases have been eliminated, Chairperson. What you have right now are for specific exceptions, and those are public safety exceptions. So that is not even on the table.    Mr. Blanco. Thank you.    Mr. Blanco. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Blanco. It varied, sir, depending on whether you were a State prosecutor or a Federal prosecutor.    Mr. Blanco. We had mandatory minimums, yes, on those cases.    Mr. Blanco. Yes.    Mr. Blanco. Congressman, let me answer that question in this way----    Mr. Blanco. That is right.    Mr. Blanco. Congressman, but sophisticated drug cartels and syndicates don't keep their money in one place. They keep them in different places, and they have different people moving the money around. They do it either through smurfs, or they do it through couriers, or they do it through bank accounts and other third-party gatekeepers.    So when you find a stash, the amount that you are talking about, yes, it can happen. But what really drives them is the way that they can move their money and hide their money. And when you take that--when you take that possibility----    Mr. Blanco. That is correct, Congressman.    Mr. Blanco. Pardon me, sir?    Mr. Blanco. I can tell you there have been several, particularly with the Mexican cartels, who move their money with smurfs and couriers. Every amount of money you take from them is money that they cannot reinvest in their organization.    Mr. Blanco. Yes, I can. The Zeta Cartel is a cartel that we take money from on a regular basis. And in many instances, it is very difficult for their gatekeepers on the border to continue. They have to pay their people.    Mr. Blanco. I am talking about forfeitures in general, sir. Adoptive forfeitures, which no longer exist in the Federal Government without exceptions with public safety----    Mr. Blanco. I believe, Congressman, that they do break the backbone of these cartels and these organizations. For example, in my experience----    Mr. Blanco. Depends on where you live, Congressman. I can tell you in my district, in Miami, when I was both a State and Federal prosecutor, it wasn't that unusual to open the trunk of a car and find $50,000 to $100,000 of which no one knew who owned that money. And that would probably be an adoptive forfeiture, sir.    Mr. Blanco. Depending on whether the Federal Government was involved, and it can go through two ways, Congressman. It can go through the administrative forfeiture procedure, where it gets forfeited administratively because no one in their right mind is going to go claim $100,000----    Mr. Blanco. Well, or it is in the trunk of a car, or it is stuck in a dashboard, or it is stuck in other areas of the car. Or it can go judicial, which means the U.S. attorney's office is then reviewing that matter and will file a civil forfeiture claim. Or indict the money along with an individual, or decide to give that money back.    Mr. Blanco. It is preponderance.    Mr. Blanco. If it is uncontested, there is no need to have a burden of proof because, more often than not, Congressman, in my experience, the reason that they don't show up is because they want to distance themselves from the tainted money or the tainted action.    Mr. Blanco. I think, Congressman, in some instances, that may be true.    Mr. Blanco. Congressman, I don't have that statistic in front of me. I can tell you that I think it is across the board. I am not so sure it is just the small denominations of money.    But I understand your point, and I have to tell you, I empathize with your concern. And that is one of the concerns that we are taking with us when we do our review.    I don't think that what you are saying is outrageous, Congressman. I think it is right, and I think we need to take a look at it. And I think it is important to look at it.    Mr. Blanco. Thank you, Congresswoman.    That is something very important to me, as you might imagine, in what I supervise at the Department of Justice. I have to tell you that the Federal Government, particularly in child exploitation cases and child trafficking, is trying to do everything that we can.    If what you are saying is a concern out there, I am happy to take it back. But I got to tell you, that is an area that we must take a closer look at, and it is an area that we must begin either seizing those funds. And not only funds, but assets, in the facilities that are carrying out such a horrendous kind of crime, whether there are buses that are used, cars that are used. All the assets and the whole weight of the Federal Government should really come into that plan.    Mr. Blanco. I agree. I can tell you, federally, I don't recall a case where we have indicted a child. That is generally done on the State side.    Mr. Blanco. Oh, okay.    Mr. Blanco. Oh, okay.    Mr. Blanco. I got you. I got you.    Mr. Blanco. Congresswoman, we have in the past used these funds to compensate victims of sex crimes. And there also is a provision----    Mr. Blanco. I can say sex crimes, I am not sure--but I can certainly look at that. There is also a provision in those agencies that are part of the equitable sharing that they can use these proceeds that they receive back for community projects and services. That may be one of them that they could use that for, and I will look into that.    Mr. Blanco. I believe all States have considered and all States have passed some form of an asset forfeiture law.    Mr. Blanco. Tthank you, Congresswoman, for that question. I think it is an important issue to discuss.    Obviously, every case is very fact specific. So I can't give you a cookie-cutter of what might happen. But for instance, in what you just described, there could be a situation where there is a Federal investigation going on for which the Federal Government may not want to tip its hand that these individuals are being investigated.    For example, that there is either a confidential source or a wiretap on individuals. We know they have a car filled with cocaine or money, and it is traveling. We may contact a State and local law enforcement officer and either tip off that this car has the contraband in it or let them know that they should be on the lookout for this car, and they will then determine their own probable cause to stop that vehicle.    At that instance, that becomes a State and Federal investigation. They are assisting the Federal Government. As the Congresswoman knows, Federal agencies, as great as they are, and we are--Federal investigative agencies are the best in the world. There is no question about it. Can't do their jobs without their State and local partners.    The element of a task force situation, which I have been involved with in many instances, is critical to law enforcement not just in this area, but law enforcement in general. So that would be an area where I would look at.    And I, as a Federal prosecutor, and what I would expect for that assistant United States attorney to do is to look at that scenario and determine is this a situation where their participation was necessary? Is this a situation in which they were asked to participate? Or is this a situation where that State and local law enforcement officer on her own decided, or his own, decided to use State laws to either stop that car or create their own investigations?    Mr. Blanco. That is a good question, Chairperson. That is something that I will take back to the department with me, and we will certainly talk about it. I won't commit to it, but it sounds very fair to me.