    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order.    I would now like to recognize myself for an opening statement.    In 1776, the Second Continental Congress of the thirteen United States of America declared: We hold these truths be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.    In 1791, the United States of America adopted the Bill of Rights, which among other things, affirmed the American citizens' freedom of speech, the press, and the right of people to peacefully assemble, the ability to speak openly without censure or fear of reprisal as a hallmark of free peoples everywhere. And the freedom of press is critical to sustaining democracy and the rule of law and enabling people to remain free from state and in some cases, nonstate control or oppression.    Journalists provide needed accountability for governments by challenging conventional thinking; reporting on different and often opposing viewpoints; and offering people information that informs their understanding of the issues. Unfortunately, in our hemisphere, a trend of conditioning and even curtailing press freedoms in several countries is deeply disturbing.    From severe government repression and outright targeting of journalists by Cuba, Venezuela, and Ecuador to organized crime, corruption, and impunity in other countries in Latin America, journalists have very difficult jobs, often risking their very lives and their loved ones to bring information and the truth to their fellow citizens.    Although the purpose of this hearing is to highlight some of the more concerning trends of threats to press freedoms in the Americas, I do want to note that there are some bright spots in the region with Canada and most of the Caribbean having relatively open media environments in comparison to other countries in the region.    In recent years, several international press rights monitoring organizations have expressed growing concerns about the deterioration of press freedoms in Latin America. Groups, like Freedom House, Reporters Without Borders, the Committee to Protect Journalists, and the Inter-American Press Association, all report on threats to freedoms of the press in the Western Hemisphere. And we are fortunate to have key experts from some of these groups represented here today to testify about their work.    I also want to commend the efforts of the Organization of American States Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression, who has done some important work on threats to freedom of the press through highlighting progress and problems within specific countries in the Americas through the comprehensive annual reports. These reports are excellent tools for providing transparency and accountability to countries in the region.    In addition, I also want to congratulate the Special Rapporteur for his efforts to bring to public awareness the issue of government surveillance programs that have threatened journalists' rights of privacy and freedom of expression.    According to the Reporters Without Borders' 2015 World Press Freedom Index, only three countries in the Western Hemisphere managed to score in the top 20 of 180 countries documented: Canada, Jamaica, and Costa Rica. Notoriously, Mexico and Cuba were among the worst offenders in the Western Hemisphere listed in that report.    When it comes to violence against the media, Mexico exists as one of the most dangerous countries for media, with journalists often receiving extortion and kidnapping threats from government officials, criminal groups, and other transnational gangs. In fact, Mexico accounts for more than a third of all of the killing of media workers and journalists in the hemisphere since 2009.    In addition, Cuba ranks worst in the region, according to Freedom House, and among the 10 most censored countries in the world according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. Furthermore, Cuba and Venezuela have been singled out frequently and consistently for having repressive media environments and for often targeting peaceful protesters and political dissidents.    In these countries, independent journalists and bloggers are often subject to government sanction, harassment, and detention. Just last year, we saw Venezuelan security forces opening fire on journalists during student demonstrations that ultimately turned deadly. These conditions have led to more than 400 Venezuelan journalists living in exile today.    In addition to these countries, Ecuador, Honduras, and Peru all received their worst press freedom scores in over a decade from Freedom House. A controversial 2013 communications law in Ecuador has led to chilling environment, self-censorship, and intimidation for press organizations. Honduras passed a new secrecy law and has limited critical reporting of the government. Peru has seen an increase in threats against journalists and ongoing impunity and a lack of willingness to address past crimes against journalists.    More over, Brazil has seen at least 16 journalists killed in direct response for their work since President Rousseff took office in January 2011. In Nicaragua, complete state control of the media has occurred through a monopoly, with the single exception of one single independent television channel. Other concerns about general deterioration of press freedoms in Latin America include the governmental abuse of libel and defamation laws, a general lack of support for the protection of journalists, reporters, and media workers, and in some places an outright attempt to eliminate an independent media altogether.    So, in conclusion, threats to the press freedoms and the Americas are ongoing and increasing. Abraham Lincoln once stated that ``No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.''. Today, in the Western Hemisphere, there are some people who are seeking to do just that: Control populations; prevent freedom of thought and expression; and eliminate avenues for questioning; state control by silencing the voice of those who are most able to speak truth to power.    Our witnesses today are uniquely positioned to share their research and personal experiences in various countries of oppression, and I look forward to considering how the U.S. can better engage in the region to more effectively partner with other countries to promote the freedom of press.    With that, I will turn to the ranking member, Mr. Sires, for an opening statement he may have.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the ranking member.    And before we get started, I just want to enter into the record an article from the New York Times. I know we are talking about freedom of the press, but it is an example of government really restricting things.    Peru's Government on Monday ordered that telecommunications companies grant police warrantless access to cell phone users, locations, and other call data in realtime and store that data for 3 years. This is really alarming to me because the metadata will cover where you are making a call, the time, and who you are talking to. There has been a lot of discussion in Congress about this sort of thing with NSA, but I want to enter this into the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    So any other members that may have an opening statement?    Mr. DeSantis, do you have an opening statement?    Mr. Duncan. Okay.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Ms. Kelly.    And so the bios are in the information provided. I won't read those today. We will go ahead and get started.    There will be a lighting system in front of you. Five minutes is what you will be recognized for. When it gets to 1 minute left, it will go to yellow, and at the expiration, it will turn red. If you could try to wrap up around that time. I won't be hard on that, but I will start tapping the gavel when we get a little close.    So the first witness is Dr. Carlos Ponce, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Dr. Ponce, if you can start wrapping up.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    Dr. Carlos Lauria, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    Mr. Paolillo, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you so much.    Mr. Perez, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    And, Mr. Corchado, 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank you.    I want to thank the witnesses, many of which have traveled a long way to be here with us today, from Ecuador, from Uruguay and Mexico. And I know all of you traveled a good bit, so thank you very much.    And, Senor Paolillo, Montevideo is one of my favorite places. I have traveled there personally and love it. The Rio de la Plata is just beautiful. So I love your country.    I will say this. A question to you. You mentioned Argentina. Was Argentina restricting freedom of the press prior to President Kirchner, or are we seeing it trend that way and landing on these lists during her tenure?    Mr. Duncan. I take a particular interest in Argentina just because of Senor Alberto Nisman and the Iranian issue and Hezbollah, tri-border region, and the attacks on the AMIA Cultural Centers and whatnot back in the 1990s and the investigation. So I wondered whether the Argentine people are getting their right and the truth on that issue with Iran or whether Mr. Nisman was telling the truth, and his unfortunate death. So I am following that very closely.    I wanted to ask Dr. Ponce, is there a direct correlation between the deterioration of press freedom and weak judicial systems? And the reason I ask is we hear a lot about rule of law, talked even today about rule of law in Latin America. And so the judicial systems are very important. So is there a direct correlation between deterioration of freedom of press or press freedom and the judicial system?    Mr. Duncan. So the threats and the physical attacks and other things on the media, on the journalists themselves, go unpunished.    Mr. Duncan. We saw that in Panama, not necessarily with journalists but with demonstrators.    Mr. Duncan. Wow. So it would be your opinion that journalists are being specifically targeted as a result of their reporting?    Mr. Duncan. They are not just victims of a broader deterioration of the security conditions in the country. They are actually being targeted because they are journalists and their type of reporting.    Mr. Duncan. All right. Not supposed to happen in democratic governments, right?    My time is up. I will turn to the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair will recognize the former chairman of the committee and the chairwoman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you so much. And I think the best answer of the day was ``Cuba is Cuba.'' That is exactly right. It kind of sums up your comments.    I am going to turn to the ranking member for a second round of questions.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank you.    Mr. Corchado, I just have a quick question. And this isn't in the prepared questions I had; something came to mind.    Do you think the Mexican people and the world got the full story or have gotten the full story over the missing college students, the 43 students? And was there any intimidation or anything by the Mexican Government over that incident?    Mr. Duncan. Yeah. Well, my heart and prayers go out to the families and Mexico in general. And maybe one day the whole story will come out.    Mr. Perez, how would you assess Ecuador's implementation of the 2013 communications law?    Mr. Duncan. Are they having to blog anonymously, or are they open with it?    Mr. Duncan. Wow.    Mr. Duncan. Well, let me ask you this. How active is social media in Ecuador?    Mr. Duncan. So does that act as a check and balance on the government to actually support journalists or to keep them honest?    Mr. Duncan. Who does the public lean on more? Are they trusting social media more than they are the traditional journalist, or vice versa?    Mr. Duncan. But not dissemination of information.    Mr. Duncan. Wow.    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Paolillo, in Uruguay, social media, is that very active? Is it a check and balance on the--and what is your take on social media throughout the region? I am curious about this now.    Mr. Duncan. I mean, that is interesting, it is reactive. We saw that in Ferguson, Missouri, where social media propagated a false narrative on what the events were, and the traditional media picked up on that, and that became the narrative, but it was later proven not to be the correct sequence of events and what actually happened.    And so, you know, traditional media has to try to find a sweet spot with social media's reactiveness, as you say, and traditional reporting, which is investigative, it is background, it is digging a little more. So I think everyone in journalism is probably struggling with that to some degree.    Mr. Lauria, if you would like to chime in?    Mr. Duncan. Let me ask you this. Are bloggers invited to press events by the government?    Mr. Duncan. Are they invited? Are they able to cover it? You know----    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. Here in America, I know, and in my State, for a while bloggers were not treated as traditional journalists and weren't invited. And I just wondered because----    Mr. Duncan. So, Dr. Ponce, do you want to chime in? I think this might be the last question of the day.    Mr. Duncan. Right. You know, think about the game-changer that social media and access to the Internet would be in Cuba. I think about that often.    Well, listen, I want to thank you all for being here and taking time. I know we monkeyed with the time today to start the hearing a little earlier, and then it became later due to votes, but I want to thank you. And I look forward to following up on this at a later date.    So, pursuant to Committee Rule 7, members of the subcommittee are permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official record. And, without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 days to allow statements, questions, extraneous materials for the record and subject to the limitation rules.    With that, we will stand adjourned.