    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Chairman Royce, for calling this hearing and for continuing to demand transparency and accountability from the administration regarding its plans for naval station Guantanamo Bay and the detention center.    As you point out, Mr. Chairman, the administration has not been forthcoming with the American people about the release of dangerous terrorists to various nations. The reality is that the situation is far different than what we've been told.    So I continue to ask myself why does a nation like Uruguay, why does a nation like Ghana, why does a nation like Senegal, as so many others, why would they want to take in these dangerous terrorists unless they believe that the benefits outweigh the risk? Unless the administration convinced them that the benefits outweighed the risk.    And not only that, we are talking about a high-risk, high-threat individual and that person has experience in evading authorities, will conduct operations, going to nations that have limited intelligence that do not possess the most sophisticated monitoring system.    That was obvious with the Uruguay transfer. And we are to believe that the terrorists will not use that to their advantage? That they will be properly overseen? It would probably take them just 1 day to realize how lax the security is in Uruguay, for example.    So it is not a surprise, I think, to any of us that one of these individuals managed to flee Uruguay, where we now know that his movement was not required to be restricted, to Brazil and from there from who knows.    As the chairman said, he may be en route to Syria or there already. So I would ask you if it is possible to get a yes or no answer, has the administration promised any of these countries, whether it is Uruguay, Ghana, Senegal, whatever, cash for taking in these individuals and if so how much, how often, and to which countries?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And if you could refresh my memory for Uruguay, for example, how much would that country have gotten for language and to the other----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I will get the notification--refresh my memory. Has the administration offered any other favorable agreements or offered to support these countries on other related matters in exchange and if so what kind of exchanges?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And has the administration provided military equipment or military training in exchange for taking in a detainee and if so to what extent and to which governments?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Like night vision goggles or something like that?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Has the administration provided intelligence equipment or training or promised or offered intelligence sharing to any government in exchange for accepting a detainee and if so to what extent and which governments?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So it seems to me that the absence of any of these agreements wouldn't need to be discussed in a classified setting. So, I mean, unless you say no to these questions I think it would be fair to assume that at least some of this has been happening, is happening.    Is it the intent of the Obama administration to continue to release all but a handful of the most dangerous detainees in order to then say to Congress, well, why keep Gitmo open when we have such few detainees there? As if President Obama had not had anything to do with clearing out the number of detainees in the first place.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Would it be fair to say that from now until the end of this Presidency that we would be seeing more and more detainees being released--five, 12, two--until there's just a handful and say hey, look at all this wasted money for just a handful of folks, when you're the ones pushing them out?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Well, as you know, there's a great deal of resistance about having them come to the United States. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Issa of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Issa.    Mr. Duncan of South Carolina I am sure will follow through.