    Mr. Adelstein. The committee has shown leadership on this issue over many years. We appreciate the opportunity to testify at such a critical hearing today.    As you said, I run PCIA. We represent the companies that build, design, own and manage telecommunications facilities around the world and in the United States. The members include wireless carriers, infrastructure providers, equipment manufacturers, and professional services firms. Our mission is to expand wireless broadband to everywhere, helping our members provide wireless facilities to meet consumers' growing mobile data needs any time, any place.    The wireless infrastructure industry, as you know, plays an essential role in meeting that data demand that people are asking for so much of. Put simply, infrastructure makes wireless work. It enables the delivery of innovative applications and life-changing services like telemedicine and distance learning. Wireless infrastructure is a catalyst for economic growth and job creation. A PCIA study found that investments in our industry will generate $1.2 trillion--that is trillion with a T--in economic growth and create 1.3 million new jobs over 5 years.    And this committee, as I said, has shown grown leadership, Mr. Chairman. You have done so much to try to eliminate barriers to infrastructure deployment. I commend you, and our industry is thrilled with the leadership of this committee. Most notably, section 6409(a) of the Spectrum Act of 2012 has had a real impact on the ground in speeding the deployment of 4G infrastructure. It eliminated major local regulatory barriers to upgrading existing wireless infrastructure, and the FCC, I might add, has done an outstanding job on a bipartisan basis of implementing that law with a clear framework of rules.    Now, we will face major challenges. Cisco projects that demand for wireless data is going to increase by about 700 percent over the next 5 years, and the question is how we are going to meet that exploding demand for data.    Now, one way is more spectrum, as much as we can get as fast as we can get it. And again, this committee has done great work on that front. Spectrum, as you know, is expensive, scarce, and takes a long time to get into actual use by consumer, all the more reason to move quickly.    Another way to increase data throughput is technological advances that foster greater spectral efficiencies like moving from 2G to 4G and beyond, and the networks themselves are getting smarter, directing capacity where it is needed. These advances also take time to develop and to implement.    A third way to meet the exploding demand for data is through the rapid deployment of infrastructure. Wireless infrastructure driven by private capital addresses the wireless data crunch as soon as it is deployed. Solutions range from traditional tall towers that provide wide coverage and capacity to small cells and distributed antenna systems that fill gaps in capacity and target high-traffic areas, intensifications of networks reused as existing scarce spectrum. Deploying more antennas closer to end users allows carriers to squeeze more out of existing spectrum.    Now, there is still resistance to siting this equipment where it is necessary, and Congress can help even more to remove these barriers. One way is by streamlining the process of siting wireless infrastructure on Federal lands. Despite the law enacted by Congress with the leadership of this committee and an Executive Order by the President, significant challenges remain on Federal property. Further legislation is needed to facilitate access to Federal lands to expand broadband coverage and increased deployment in rural areas.    PCIA supports S. 1618, which was recently introduced in the Senate to address this issue, and we look forward to continuing to work with this committee on developing legislation as well. Additional roadblocks remain despite the assistance this committee has provided. For example, some State and local entities require proof of need before authorizing infrastructure bills. These requirements are both illogical and costly. Local communities shouldn't be in the CTO business of deciding where services are needed. Our members invest their capital where it is needed to serve consumers and local governments aren't in a good position to be second-guessing these kind of technical questions. Continued efforts to harmonize the rates for pole attachments would also help promote broadband investment.    The FCC has taken important steps to provide greater access, timing, and fair rates. States that regulate their own poles should follow the FCC's lead.    In sum, wireless infrastructure boosts every sector of the economy. Mobile broadband is demonstrating its effectiveness in promoting economic growth, job creation, and global competitiveness yet challenges remain in reaching its full potential. Policymakers from Congress to local governments need to eliminate regulatory barriers so our industry can invest their capital without resistance and not add costs and delays that will slow the rollout of wireless broadband.    Our member companies are very grateful for the bipartisan recognition of the centrality of wireless infrastructure by this committee, by Congress, by the administration, and by the     I would add that we look forward to making continued progress together on some of the ideas we have laid out here today and other panels will share, and we thank you, and thank you, Ranking Member Eshoo, for joining us, and thank you for holding this hearing to address these urgent issues.    Mr. Adelstein. Mr. Chairman, I do not believe they have. As a matter of fact, I am the former Administrator myself of a Federal agency, and if I had implemented something so poorly that Congress instructed me to do, I would be embarrassed, frankly. And it is worse than that because the Executive Branch as well ordered them. There is an Executive Order by the President of the United States directing GSA to move faster to try to get these master contracts together, and to date, nothing has been done, 3 years after Congress enacted this legislation. Progress has been slow. GSA hasn't been proactive. The law required standard rates, common forms and applications to provide clarity to agencies in the wireless industry, and I think our members now are having to negotiate for each and every site individually, just as they have in the past. So GSA has not implemented the intent of Congress, and we can't wait 3 more years for what is needed I think today. There is an urgent lack of coverage on Federal lands. The administration has made a priority of this, this committee has made it a priority, and yet GSA I think has been dragging its heels. I think there might be need for further legislation.    Mr. Adelstein. It takes about 4 years with the Federal Government, less than half of that with the private sector, and sometimes it can drag on much longer with the Federal Government for many, many years. And so generally private companies will just avoid Federal lands because it takes so long. They don't see the return on investment that Craig was talking about and so the Federal Government is actually deprived of that revenue because it will go right next door if there is non-Federal land nearby.    Mr. Adelstein. That is right.    Mr. Adelstein. Yes, I have heard from people that it has taken 10 years and longer. I have heard sometimes they have tried and it never gets done. And there is never even a finality to it. There is on decision-making process that is in place. That is why this committee in its wisdom said that the GSA was supposed to take steps to standardize the process, and yet it hasn't been done.    Mr. Adelstein. Well, there is lost revenue. There is huge costs trying to go through that process for the individuals who are trying to get the site acquisition done. It is a shame. Thirty percent of all the land mass in the United States is Federal property, especially in rural areas, and a lot of very valuable Federal buildings in dense urban which could use a facility as well to deal with the capacity demands. So it is a shame that these negotiations take so long, that they don't lead anywhere. Not only do you lose revenue that you need for deficit reduction, companies lose valuable places and the consumers lose access to service they need.    Mr. Adelstein. Well, ensuring----    Mr. Adelstein. Ensuring reliable access to telecommunications is a real top priority for our industry. We want to make sure all of the customers get access when they need it most, which is in a disaster. You know, during Hurricane Sandy, we saw cooperation, for example, between T-Mobile and AT&T that agreed to share each other's network in the region affected by the storm and share their network operations centers. I would say that in terms of the structures themselves, not one of them went down during the storm, not one. The issue was things that were beyond the control--power companies, access to roads, trees that fell. But what makes it difficult is that sometimes we can't even get generators sited on these things. Going back to the issue of this committee, we find from localities that you can't put a generator there because it violates a noise statute. It is only going to be used in a time of emergency. I don't think anybody in the neighborhood would complain about the noise of a generator when otherwise their wouldn't work, and yet localities will not allow us to put them there and then complain when the system doesn't work in a disaster. We need more proactive thinking about having backup power and facilitating access to it.    And one more point to add, which is the best thing you can do for reliability is redundancy. The more these facilities are up, the more likely you are going to have one that works in a time of emergency. So all the work done by this committee to promote deployment is promoting redundancy and ensuring that there will be adequate facilities in case of emergency and more likelihood that they will survive the disaster and be available for use of public safety as well as for the citizens in the community.    Mr. Adelstein. We are thrilled with what the FCC is doing. We have worked very closely with Chairman Wheeler and the other members of the Commission that are looking at a cooperative arrangement where we can try to provide incentives for industry to deploy this kind of equipment. I think industry is doing a lot already, making major investments in things like backup power, and we are working together with them in a very cooperative fashion. We believe that the goals are shared in making sure that these networks are resilient and redundant.    Mr. Adelstein. Yes. You know, some localities are great, and what we heard today from Google, from Ms. Socia, is that those communities that promote broadband make it easier to get access, and that is where the investment goes, and those that throw up roadblocks, not to name any specific parts of the country represented by folks here but there are some that aren't seeing investment they would get if they weren't throwing up roadblocks, and to the question of Congresswoman Eshoo about, you know, people saying not in my backyard, they are not going to have service in their backyard. So we work very cooperatively with local communities. I mean, we try to--every single facility that has been sited has been sited in cooperation with local government. But to have it to be dragged out, it took the work of this committee to say you don't have to get another zoning hearing for something that has already been zoned to put a 4G antenna up on a tower that is already there. Why should the committee have to do that? Increasingly, communities are recognizing this. The smart ones are moving ahead. Ten States have enacted laws in the last several years since 2013 to streamline deployment in their States, and those States are seeing more investment. They are working with local partners, the National Association of Counties, the National League of Cities and others to get out word about the way the FCC is implementing the law that you passed. Commissioner Cliburn asked us to go out----    Mr. Adelstein. Yes. You know, there is a bill that was introduced in the other body by Senator Rubio that would create a standard fee schedule, fee retention for the agency that the agency could keep the money they get from that to pay for the cost of processing it. There would be common forms and contracts, which you have already tried to get enacted, but there is a need for more legislation to get them to do what you asked them to do already. There is an expectancy of lease renewals, so when somebody invest there, they are not going to get cut off.    Mr. Adelstein. Thank you.    Mr. Adelstein. Yes. You know, spectrum has been quite a hurdle. You saw that $41 billion was spent for a limited amount of spectrum recently, basically 65 megabits.    Mr. Adelstein. I think the CBO estimated zero, and it was $41.9 billion, so they were off----    Mr. Adelstein. 41.9, yes. But the fact it, that was for a 12 percent increase in the available commercial mobile spectrum. So you just got a 12 percent increase in the throughput and you have 700 percent you need in the next 5 years. So we are down to 688 percent, a long way to go to build out to meet the needs of people, and as I said, local communities often are saying no to these facilities. We have--the business case has to be made in rural areas as we have discussed today, and overall investment is very difficult with those prices for spectrum. We can't afford to have regulatory drag on these investments, slowing them down, making it more expensive when there is not enough capital to build out to meet these needs already. I like to joke, you know you are in trouble when you quick solution is infrastructure, but that is kind of where we are at in this country, and as slow as it is, it is immediately available when it is built if you take that same spectrum and reuse it. So all of these burdens on Federal lands, in urban areas, the FCC has done a great job, this committee has done a great job of trying to address that, but we need to work with our partners and State and local governments as well.