    Ms. Shelley. Thank you very much, Chairman King, Ranking Member Higgins, and Members of the subcommittee for inviting me.    I have submitted a statement, and so I will supplement it with some of the insights that I have had since I submitted it. I also will highlight a few important points.    The last few weeks, I have spent traveling in Europe speaking with top specialists and advisers on terrorist finance and their homeland security. In fact, I joke that this is a life unlike what most academics have, especially American women, academics. From these conversations, I have a real concern that, especially in Francophone Europe where the attacks have occurred, that is in France and Belgium, there is not real appreciation of the relationship of crime and terrorism.    Despite the fact that, as was mentioned in the opening statements, these terrorist attacks have been funded by petty crime, there is a failure to appreciate the importance of this. What we are finding is that it is the same network that has been involved in all of these terrorist attacks, but is disbursed among France, Belgium, the United Kingdom, and Germany, and maybe elsewhere. They are heavily funded by crime, and these acts are committed primarily by radicalized criminals. Yet there is not a strategy in Europe to deal with this problem.    This is not just a problem for the Europeans, it is a problem for us, because we have Americans traveling in Europe; we have businesses operating internationally in Europe; we have military operations overseas, and yet we are having our allies failing to see this problem with the severity that it is and the consequences that it has and the types of policing and intelligence responses that one needs to this new hybrid threat.    Second, my research that I continue to do under my Carnegie Corporation Fellowship points out the centrality of the problem of illicit trade to terrorist financing. This is a massive problem. It is 8 to 15 percent of the global economy, and, therefore, it is very possible to hide the illicit in the large-scale illicit flows.    Yesterday, the research center that I direct had an event on the Panama Papers with the manager of the Panama Papers and the former head of the tax authority in Colombia, who provided detailed analyses of how much of this illicit money from Colombia, from the drug trade that is run by both criminals and terrorists, wound up in Panama using the mechanisms of trade-based money laundering and hiding illicit trade in larger-scale trade.    So this is a very clear example that we had yesterday of how this problem of trade-based money laundering is supporting terrorism, not just in the Middle East, but on our back door, and paid for by the drug payments that come from the United States and move back to Colombia.    So, therefore, I think we need to pay much more attention to the role of illicit trade. I am glad that we are having a presentation on antiquities on this panel, because that is one form of illicit trade that is used to fund terrorism and intersects with many other forms of illicit trade, as Ms. Lehr and I discussed before the opening of the hearing.    But this illicit trade does not exist in a vacuum. It is supported by banks; it is supported by law firms; it is supported by professional services that write contracts, that develop contracts, and help mask the illicit trade. This is one thing that the Panama Papers has also revealed, is that there are a lot of high-level facilitators. Even though there are not many people mentioned in the Panama Papers that are American, many of the facilitators are based in the United States. Therefore, we need to be paying much more attention to the members of the legitimate community that are either inadvertently or sometimes knowingly facilitating illicit trade. We have seen this in recent revelations of Deutsche Bank, we have seen it with HSBC, and this continues to remain a problem.    I also want to mention three foci areas of illicit trade that I think of as relatively new that are not being paid enough attention to. For example, there is now a large illicit trade in gold, some of this coming out of Colombia. One of the things that we see with terrorist groups is they have enormous flexibility and ability to switch between one area of illicit activity and another. So the revenues for the FARC in Colombia are now estimated to be greater from the illicit gold trade than from the narcotics trade.    The second type of new trade I wanted to discuss is that of the kidney trade. For quite a number of years, there has been a trade in Egypt in which wealthy foreigners come and are operated on in hospitals obtaining kidneys that they cannot legitimately obtain in the United States or Western Europe. Now there is a new source of providers of these kidneys, according to research with kidney donors and purchasers, is that migrants from the crisis in Iraq and Syria want to pay smugglers, but they don't have the money to pay the smugglers. So there are facilitators in Turkey working among the refugee communities that find individuals ready to sell their kidneys, who will then travel to Egypt, sell their kidneys, and pay the smugglers.    What makes this a problem of terrorist finance is that it appears that this trade has become so lucrative that groups like al-Nusrah are intimidating the doctors who have traditionally performed this trade and are taking many of the profits out of this trade. But what has changed is that the purchasers of the kidneys are no longer bringing suitcases of dollars to Egypt but are putting the money through wire transfers, transfers to travel agencies into bank accounts in Western Europe, France, the United Kingdom, and Germany, which gives them a new funding source to draw on in western banking centers but does not require transfers from the Middle East.    The last area that I want to bring up as a new area of concern is what I call a problem of possibly dual-use crime, which is the growing trade of illicit pesticides, something that has really emerged on the international markets in the last 7, 8 years.    I was recently on this European trip at a meeting of the OECD on illicit trade, and one of the Polish specialists was talking about the confiscation of huge amounts of these dangerous pesticides in northeast Europe. Europol is now estimating that 25 percent of the pesticides used in northeast in Europe are illegal. The general figure is 10 percent in Europe, and it is about a third of the market in a major food exporter like India. It is also a problem in China.    So we are looking at something that is both a health hazard, as we are an importer of food. We also have some of these illegal pesticides entering into our markets but not in as large a scale as elsewhere, but there is also the possibility that as this phenomenon increases, it can be used by terrorists to introduce dangerous chemicals and harm health. So this is something that I believe deserves more attention.    So what do I recommend that we do? We are still not focusing sufficiently on illicit trade as a source of terrorist financing, despite the fact that trade is an essential element of the Middle East economy and is, as I have just mentioned, has been revealed as being a central part of financing in the trade that we have in Colombia and Latin America. We need to focus on new emerging areas and not just the kinds of trade that we have been thinking about before.    As I talked about before, we need to be expanding our efforts in the United States to be focusing on the relationship of crime and terrorism and how these phenomena are linked. In our attaches that work for homeland security, we need to be developing this greater appreciation of this phenomena through our insights and lessons learned. This needs to especially be done with our European colleagues who have faced such major terrorist challenges lately and have not yet reoriented their policing or their intelligence to focus on this threat in a new way.    Because so much of this illicit trade is connected to the business world, we need to establish much more of public-private partnerships with companies that are aware of this illicit trade, with shipping companies, transport companies, and others. Much of this trade is going on in the dark Web.    There is research that is going on today on the internet, the deep Web, and the dark Web, but not enough that I think is accessible on the interaction of the crime and the terrorist funding that goes on between the dark Web and the deep Web.    We had a seminar on this at our research center about 6 weeks ago. We had 120 people in the room, many of them from law enforcement, many of them that work in homeland security, and there is a desperate need for information and insights on how to understand and focus on this problem. We must continue to address the money laundering that is contributing to the illicit trade and also deriving from the illicit trade. We must work much more on the beneficial ownership between valuable properties, shell corporations, and understand the challenges we face in not having more transparency in our financial system.    Thank you.    Ms. Shelley. I think one of the successes that explains--or one of the reasons that explains their successes is the ability to help organize the diverse Federal agencies that are working in these locales and to cooperate with local law enforcement. So that is one very important part, that there needs to be much more local-Federal cooperation.    Second, New York has very top analysts on counterterrorism with wide experience that are helping their intelligence and their analytical community. So they are doing things that are site-specific. Just as Ms. Lehr was talking about the particularities of the New York market, there are things that you need to focus on and understand vulnerabilities in your community.    Also, there is an importance of coordinating the counterterrorism policing and the counter-crime policing, because these 2 intersect in many ways that are not high-level transnational crime. So it becomes very much the activities of local police that help detect something that could be overlooked by Federal law enforcement, but the 2 of them informing each other makes for much more successful policing.    Ms. Shelley. I think that there is a decline on the kidnapping of Americans because there is less likelihood of paying ransoms. I am afraid that in some cases, some people may use proxies, but I have no definitive proof of that.    Ms. Shelley. I have not heard that there is a major reconsideration of this. This is part of the problem of what I was discussing earlier, of the Europeans failing to connect the dots between the crime problem and the terrorism problem and the money that funds terrorism.    Ms. Shelley. There has been, certainly, a diminution in the amount of money obtained from oil, but there has been an increase in the amount of money obtained from forcing refugees so that their property is being confiscated. There has been a taxing of the migrant flows. There has been a movement into taxing the Captagon, on the drugs that move within the Middle East, especially to Saudi Arabia. So that there are other areas of growth that have compensated for this.    What is very interesting is that there is a very different basis of funding for ISIS in the Middle East than ISIS in Europe. Almost all of ISIS in Europe is locally crime funded from small-scale petty crimes. There have been, as I mentioned in my testimony, very few examples of financial transfers from the Middle East to fund the terrorism attacks or the travel of terrorists to the Middle East. So we are looking at 2 very different funding sources for European-based terrorism versus Middle East terrorism.    Ms. Shelley. Can I say something on that?    Ms. Shelley. I say that one of the topics I heard discussed extensively at the meetings I was at in Europe among Europeans was the issue of how much the prepaid credit cards, the SWIFT, are held by corporations, and yet it is governments that are trying to combat the terrorism. This is forcing a lot of consideration of this issue in Europe.    I think--and this is why I was pointing out in my testimony that I think the Europeans, as they are facing this issue of the evidence of the linkage between crime and terrorism, with just the example that you gave, are doing a serious thinking. As they are worrying that they are not doing enough to prevent the next terrorist attack, I think there is an area of flexibility and engagement that is open now that was not open previously.    Ms. Shelley. That is a very difficult question. In part, some of our Gulf partners have to be aware that this money is being moved and are not--consciously not doing something about it. So this is--this is a problem. So I can't say that there is government complicity, but there is also not an attempt to suppress it.    I think part of what I said in my testimony is that much more needs to be explained about the linkages between the crime, the money movement, and the terrorism, and how it comes back to bite you. That is something that many people don't understand. I think the Saudis are beginning to understand this much better, but there are other parts of the Gulf that need to be helped along in this area as well.    Ms. Shelley. It is also very interesting that within the context of the United Nations, the Saudis are being very involved in looking at the crime terror linkage as well and trying to bring other countries to be aware of this.