    Ms. Windham. Thank you, Chairman Franks, vice-chairman DeSantis, and other distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. Good morning.    Thank you for the invitation and opportunity to testify on the importance of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.    I represent the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, where I serve as senior counsel. The Becket Fund is a non-profit public interest law firm dedicated to protecting the free expression of all religious traditions. For over 20 years, it has defended clients of all faiths, including Buddhists, Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Native Americans, Sikhs and other faith groups.    Its recent cases include three major Supreme Court victories: a unanimous ruling in a RLUIPA case, Holt v. Hobbs; the RFRA case of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby; and another unanimous ruling in Hosanna-Tabor v. EEOC.    Today I'd like to highlight the positive impacts of RFRA and RLUIPA for protecting the rights of Americans of all faiths, well known and little known, large and small. One example. According to documents released by the Department of the Interior, the department had an operation called Operation Pow-Wow.    Under Operation Pow-Wow, the department sent an undercover Federal agent to covertly enter a sacred Native American religious ceremony. While there, he questioned the participants, observed the ceremony, refused to leave after being asked to do so. The reason for this, the department was looking to see if the Native Americans in their religious ceremony were using permitted or non-permitted eagle feathers. The Becket Fund now represents Robert Soto, a renowned feather dancer and ordained religious leader in the Lipan Apache tribe, a tribe that has used eagle feathers as sacred emblems for centuries.    Federal law grants eagle feather permits to museums, scientists, zoos, farmers and other interests. It even allows wind farms to kill eagles. The Federal Government grants permits for some religious uses, but only if the person is a member of a federally-recognized tribe. Mr. Soto's tribe is recognized by historians, sociologists and the State of Texas, but not by the Federal Government. He is not even allowed to use loose eagle feathers picked up off the ground.    Applying RFRA and Hobby Lobby precedent, the Fifth Circuit ruled against Operation Pow-Wow and for Mr. Soto. Mr. Soto is currently continuing his case in Federal court. As this case shows, RLUIPA's protections, RFRA's protections are still vital today.    When RFRA was passed in 1993, the bill was supported by one of the broadest coalitions in recent political history, with 66 religious and civil liberties groups, including Christians, Jews, Muslims, Sikhs, humanists, and secular civil liberties organizations. RFRA passed with unanimous support in the House and virtually unanimous support in the Senate.    RLUIPA, like RFRA, was enacted with overwhelming bipartisan support. It passed both the House and Senate by unanimous consent. In his signing statement, President Clinton noted that RLUIPA once again demonstrates that people of all political bents and faiths can work together for a common purpose that benefits all Americans.    RLUIPA has provided critical protections for religious exercise. The Supreme Court's recent decision in Holt v. Hobbs, another Becket Fund case, is an excellent example. There, the Supreme Court used RLUIPA to protect a Muslim prison inmate who sought to grow a religiously mandated half-inch beard. The Court recognized that government bureaucrats cannot use arbitrary double standards granting secular exemptions but not similar religious exemptions.    The unanimous Supreme Court explained that RLUIPA affords prison officials ample ability to maintain security. At the same time, RLUIPA requires government officials to scrutinize the asserted harm of granting specific exemptions to particular religious claimants. This is consistent with the statement made by RLUIPA's sponsors, Senators Hatch and Kennedy, who emphasized that inadequately formulated prison regulations and policies grounded on mere speculation, exaggerated fears, or post hoc rationalizations will not suffice to meet the act's requirements.    RLUIPA's land use provisions have allowed houses of worship across the Nation to escape discriminatory or substantially burdensome land use restrictions. RLUIPA protected a Muslim congregation in New Jersey after the City labeled the proposed mosque a public nuisance and tried to seize its land.    One of the earliest RLUIPA victories was for a Christian church in California when the City attempted to seize its land and build a Costco in its place. RLUIPA also protected a Sikh temple when a local government repeatedly gave contradictory reasons for denying its land use applications.    Protection for religious freedom, even when religious practices conflict with otherwise applicable law, is an important part of our Nation's history. We applaud Congress' commitment to the principle that religious freedom is fundamental human freedom and human dignity.    I thank you for your time and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Windham. Yes, that's correct.    Ms. Windham. Yes, that's correct.    Ms. Windham. Thank you, sir. There have been a few.    Ms. Windham. I believe they are a real threat to civil liberty. Religious liberty is a critical component of human dignity. It also promotes both diversity and peace in our large Nation made up of many faiths.