    Mr. Wilder. I will try. But anyway, Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch, when he joins us, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to give my views on the current U.S. strategy in Afghanistan. I would like to note that the views I give today are my own, as the U.S. Institute of Peace does not take policy positions.    I am currently the vice president of USIP's Asia Center where my responsibilities include overseeing our work in Afghanistan. I began to work in this region 30 years ago with U.S. humanitarian organizations and witnessed firsthand the tragic consequences for Afghans, and eventually the U.S. as well, when peace settlements failed and when the world lost interest in Afghanistan.    My main message today, therefore, is that the U.S. should not once again prematurely disengage from Afghanistan. In my view, the foremost interest of the U.S. in Afghanistan should be to help ensure that it remains relatively peaceful and stable, and does not slide back into all-out civil war and anarchy, precisely the same conditions that gave birth to the Taliban in the 1990s, and gave al-Qaeda sanctuary.    The collapse of the Afghan state would nearly certainly result in Afghanistan once again becoming a safe haven for transnational terrorist groups, and would al risk destabilizing its neighbors, including nuclear armed Pakistan. In this regard, I welcome President Obama's recent announcement that the U.S. will maintain the current level of 9,800 troops in Afghanistan through most of next year. Perhaps more importantly, President Obama reversed his earlier plan to close down U.S. bases in Afghanistan, and instead to maintain beyond 2016 at least, 5,500 troops in bases in Bagram, Kandahar, and Jalalabad.    Significantly, for the first time since May 2014, the U.S. no longer has a calendar deadline by which to pull out U.S. forces. This not only serves to keep options open for the next President, but it also sends a strong message to the Afghan people as well as the Taliban of the U.S. commitment to achieve our objective of a stable Afghanistan.    I suspected my two colleagues would focus mostly on the security situation, and so I thought I would in my oral testimony touch on the economic and political situation as well. I think the security situation is often the focus of attention, but the current economic crisis in Pakistan--in Afghanistan is one of the most serious threats to the stability of the current government and the constitutional order in Afghanistan.    The Afghan economy is in dire straits. Economic growth has been very weak. A 1.3 percent in 2014 when in the decade before we are achieving rates of 8 to 9 percent on average. It has been frequently noted but worth repeating that it was not the withdrawal of Soviet troops that lead to the downfall of the Najibullah regime in 1992, and the resulting descent into a bloody civil war. But the end to the Soviet subsidies following the collapse of the Soviet Union. In order not to make the same make mistake, I would make the following two recommendations in terms of economic assistance.    First, the U.S. should play a strong leadership role at the International Donor Conference on Afghanistan, taking place in Brussels next October, to ensure that major donor countries renew their commitments to maintaining robust levels of civilian assistance to Afghanistan and so that it isn't just the U.S. having to foot that bill.    And, second, the U.S. and other donors should provide the Afghan Government with more flexible financial resources that can be used to help stimulate the economy and create jobs in the short to medium term. This would help reduce the possibility of civil unrest due to economic discontent, and buy the Ghani administration some political space to get a reform agenda and a peace process on track. And if anyone is interested, I have copies with me today of a USIP paper by our expert, Bill Byrd, on reviving Afghanistan's economy, which goes into more detail.    Mr. Wilder. Yes, please.    Mr. Wilder. And my written comments also have more details.    And then lastly, on the political situation, while the U.S. and other friends of Afghanistan need to continue to support the Afghan Government through security and economic assistance programs, the effectiveness of this support will be seriously undermined if the National Unity Government does not live up to its responsibilities to overcome political divisions and govern more effectively.    Afghanistan's National Unity Government was created to resolve the political crisis that developed following the disputed 2014 Presidential elections. It was built for political inclusiveness among contending elite groups, not for effectiveness. As a result, its main achievement so far has been not to fall apart. This in itself is not an insignificant achievement given the major security and economic challenges the country is confronting and given that several other countries in the region are falling apart, but it is not enough. Afghanistan's National Unity Government must begin to act more like a unified government of a country facing a national crisis rather than a government endlessly litigating the past election and bickering over government positions.    The price of just hanging together has been a great loss of legitimacy among the Afghan public. The government has been extremely slow to complete such basic tasks as filling key government positions, let alone the far more complex tasks that are required to address Afghanistan's simultaneously deepening economic, security, and governance crises.    To conclude, I believe that a long-term U.S. commitment to remain actively engaged in Afghanistan is the best way to achieve our national security interests of ensuring a relatively stable Afghanistan in this troubled region of the world. In my written testimony, I recommend ways this can be done and outline some of the obstacles and opportunities for an inclusive peace process in Afghanistan.    There will be no better way to help redeem the commitments of blood and treasure that have been made since 2001 by the United States, our allies, and the Afghan people than by remaining engaged and working together to achieve the objective of peace in Afghanistan. Thank you.    Mr. Wilder. Yeah. If I can just add on that point. I have some good news and bad news. The good news is the cultivation area decreased this year by about 19 percent for opium poppy, and opium production actually reduced by nearly 48 percent. The bad news is it doesn't seem to be a result of counternarcotic efforts, but more due to farmer decisions about harvest, crop issues. But I agree with David that I think the larger issue is ultimately you do need a holistic approach, and it relates to broadly improving the security situation and then working with our Government, the Afghan Government, to try to improve governance and the rule of law. And I think that is though an area where we can be more optimistic because we do have a partner in the new government that I think does want to promote the rule of law and takes the issue of poppy production seriously in contrast to his predecessor.    Mr. Wilder. Well I will take a stab at it, but then if others also want to add. I am actually very supportive of the idea of more on-budget assistance. The evidence actually shows that most corruption in Afghanistan was not the corruption from what went through the budget. That was actually a good control system. It was largely a lot of the money that was spent off budget, and now again with a more reform-oriented government in place which is trying to take measures to crack down on corruption, I would be supportive of trying to give the new government the support it needs through a more on-budget assistance.    I do think, however, that the issue of performance is mixed. We have some ministers who are more reform oriented and more effective than others. And the issue of improved government is critically important. I mean if there is one lesson from the last 14 years in Afghanistan, it is that military gains on the battlefield are not sufficient. They really have to be matched by better governance. And I think that is where maybe with our assistance we need to have some more conditions attached of rewarding the better performing ministers and ministries and penalizing those that don't.    So I do think there is room for conditions, and I actually think President Ghani himself is supportive of this, and I would actually laud the new development partnership agreement between the U.S. and Afghanistan which actually targets $800 million which is released in tranches based on performance measures being achieved by the Afghan Government. So I think that kind of assistance, we are getting smarter at this, and I am confident with the new government we will have better achievements than we had in the past.    Mr. Wilder. If I could add just one point there. I very much agree with David on that, but I think the problem is not so much Dr. Ghani and Dr. Abdullah who I think have been able to work along. It is some of the groups around them which have become more problematic, but it is a serious problem, and I think the dysfunction is now creating a big rumor mill in Kabul; maybe we need plan B arrangements, and maybe we should loya jirga to rethink this whole process or have early elections, and I would strongly recommend that the U.S. Government position continue to be that there really isn't a plan B.    Plan B is to make plan A work and not give any encouragement to those who want to try to destabilize the current government. Because it is not, I think, performing nearly as well as it needs to, but it would be I think a real political disaster and very politically destabilizing if we start looking at alternative arrangements.    Mr. Wilder. If I could just add to that, to highlight again the high cost that is being paid by the Afghan armed forces now. Just in the first 7 months of this year, we had 4,300 Afghan national defense service forces killed in Afghan and 8,000 wounded. That contrasts with the tragic loss of 2,300 approximately, Americans in the last 14 years in Afghanistan. But in the first 7 months, there was 4,300 killed, 8,000 injured.    So that to me that is one of the biggest differences in Afghanistan and say an Iraq situation where we have an ANDSF which is fighting hard, and we now do have new leadership in Afghanistan that I think does want to be a strong partner, and I think as David mentioned earlier, the irony is that we gave a lot more resources when we didn't really have a partner and we are pulling them away now when actually we do have a government that wants to partner with us.    Mr. Wilder. Yes. Thank you. There is a tendency in these hearings, but also in the media to have all the news, the doom and gloom from Afghanistan. And I think the situation is, indeed, very serious, and we need to take it seriously. But I think we also need to put into perspective the incredible achievements that we have attained in Afghanistan.    I mean, in my wildest imagination as the Save the Children Director working in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan in the 1990s, I could not have imagined that we would have achieved by 2015 what we have achieved in terms of progress, in terms of women's rights, social indicators, the media revolution, where Afghanistan has one of the freest medias in the region, and I could go on and on. So I think it is really important to remember those tremendous gains that have been made but could be lost, which is why I come back to my point of the need to remain engaged is the single most important message I would have today.    I think 5 or 6 years ago I was testifying on the Senate side and arguing that we were actually trying to spend far too much money in Afghanistan, you know, far too quickly and that that scale of funding that we are trying to spend in the most insecure areas of Afghanistan was fueling the corruption that was delegitimizing the government that was fueling the insurgency and so having all these perverse consequences.    My concern today is that we not go from that extreme of trying to do too much in Afghanistan to the other extreme of doing too little in Afghanistan. We need to find the balance of how do we remain engaged in a much more sustainable way than before but for the long term, because as I said in my opening remarks, we paid a heavy price before when we walked away from Afghanistan prematurely. And I really think that to protect the U.S. national interests in Afghanistan, we need to remain engaged for the long-term. Thank you.