    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning. I know we are going to have some votes. This is a very important hearing, and we certainly want to give everyone an opportunity to give their opening statement and ask questions.    Today's hearing is about H.R. 906, a bill to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters. Many of you may remember a singing group called Dire Straits, and they had this marvelous song, Money for Nothing and the chicks are free. And in the lyrics of that song they talk about moving and selling microwave ovens, refrigerators, and color TVs. And we know in today's world, you can't sell a microwave oven or a color TV or a refrigerator or anything else without the Government dictating what is in the product.    So we find ourselves in a world where the Government is really micromanaging through regulations really everything in our society, whether we are talking about healthcare, the requirements for a community bank to make to a farmer in Kentucky, to make a loan. And now today--last March, I guess it was--the Department of Energy came out with a regulation about hot water heaters.    So we are here today to discuss a bill that will bring regulatory relief to many electricity providers, manufacturers, and consumers across the country. There are approximately 250 electric cooperatives in 34 States that utilize these large electric resistance water heaters in demand response programs to help with reliability and consumer costs during peak periods of energy use.    As I said, the Department issued this new efficiency standard in March of 2010, and they are prohibiting the manufacture of water heaters that are 55 gallons or larger if they are electric resistance heaters, and they are mandating that they go to heat pump technology.    You know, all of us here in Congress, we have groups come in all the time talking about the Government's control in what kind of fan motor you can have, what kind of light bulb you can have, whatever. This is one of those issues that I think just about every Member of Congress agrees that when you are interfering with demand response programs, it is counterproductive.    So hopefully we can introduce this bill, and if people want to try to amend it or whatever, do regular order and try to bring some relief to the American consumer. I get really excited when I think about hot water heaters, and I would like to say more, but right now I am going to yield 1 minute to Mr. Latta of Ohio.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for his opening statement.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for holding this hearing. Mr. Chairman, my first request is for unanimous consent. We would like to hear you sing that song that you mentioned.    Mr. Whitfield. I object.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, as you know, I have been unavoidably absent, and I want to thank my friend from California, Mr. McNerney--he is not here right now--for sitting in the chair for me during my absence, and I want to also thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing on this very important bill, H.R. 906. This is a straightforward bill that seeks to modify the Department of Energy's efficiency standards regarding low-capacity electric resistant water heaters in order to allow the continual manufacture and use of electric resistant water heaters above 75 gallons for use in thermal energy storage and demand response programs because as I understand it, Mr. Chairman, in 2010, energy efficiency standards issued by the Department under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act require nearly 200 percent efficiency for large-capacity electric resistant water heaters for those manufactured after April 16, 2015.    Supporters of H.R. 906, such as National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, argue that the rule as drafted would effectively prohibit the continual manufacture of large-capacity electric resistant water heaters which would then have to be replaced by heat pumps that are not compatible with certain utility thermal energy storage and demand response programs.    So, Mr. Chairman, as you can see, this is a very important hearing, and I look forward to hearing the testimony from the expert witnesses today. And with that, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Rush. There is somebody that--    Mr. Whitfield. I tell you what. If you all wouldn't mind, I will recognize you all for 5 minutes, and you can split it up the way you want to. Is that OK? OK. All right.    Is there anyone on our side that would like to make any comments about this bill? OK. Then Mr. Welch, I will recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Did you want to yield to Mr. Loebsack or----here in the U.S. Capitol here in Washington, DC. A problem was recognized, and a problem is going to get rectified with this legislation. And also on a bipartisan basis, we are here to really recognize the importance of these rural electric cooperatives as well. You know, they date back a long ways to the 1930s in Iowa certainly and about 15 percent of our population are served by these RECs now. And I visit as many of them as I possibly can. I have had meetings. They have let me hold meetings there, not just to go see what they have to do but so I can talk to other folks as well. But they get it. They understand how to service the population in these rural areas. And so their concerns I think need to be our concerns, and that is in large part why we have this legislation today.    So I thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank all those folks on a bipartisan basis who joined together on this, and I do look forward to your testimony. Thank you. And I yield back to Mr. Welch.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. They yield back. That concludes the opening statements. Now I have just been notified that we have two votes on the House floor right now, and they have already started, 10 minutes left in the first vote. So we are going to recess, and then when we come back, we really look forward to the testimony of you four gentlemen because you all are very much aware of the ramifications of this legislation, the impact of the regulation as well. So we look forward to that. Did you want to say anything? OK. So we will recess, and hopefully we will be back within about 15 or 20 minutes. So thank you all for your patience. I am sorry for the interruption, but we will be back as soon as we can.    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing back to order, and we do expect some of the other members to be here shortly. As I said, we have a great panel of witnesses. I want to thank all of you for coming, and I am just going to introduce you individually as you prepare to give your statement. So our first witness this morning is Gary Connett, who is the Director for Member Services and Demand-Side Management at the Great River Energy entity. So Mr. Connett, you are recognized for 5 minutes. And I would just ask all of you to pull the microphone up close enough so that we can hear you clearly. And thank you for being with us, Mr. Connett.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Connett, thank you very much for your statement. At this time, I would like to recognize Steven Koep who is the Utility Sales Manager at the Vaughn Thermal Corporation and the Vaughn Electric Water Heaters. Thank you very much for being with us this morning, and we look forward to your 5 minutes of testimony.    Mr. Whitfield. And if you wouldn't mind turning it on and get it up closer so that we can hear you?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitfield. Thanks.    Mr. Whitfield. Thanks very much, Mr. Koep. At this time I would like to introduce Mr. Steve Nadel who is the Executive Director of the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. Thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Nadel, for that statement. At this time I would like to recognize Mr. Robin Roy who is the Director for Building Energy Efficiency and Clean Energy Strategy at the Natural Resources Defense Council. Thank you very much for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Roy, thanks very much, and thanks for being here. At this time we will ask questions, and I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes.    First of all, I was not aware that hot water heaters were the largest users of electricity in most homes, and I think someone did say that. But Mr. Koep, I think you are involved in the manufacture of water heaters, and let us say we are not successful in adopting 906. Would a heat pump water heater that would be manufactured under the new regulation, would that be more expensive than the heat resistant water heater that is currently being used?    Mr. Whitfield. So what would be, if you double the cost, what kind of costs are we talking about for a large hot water heater?    Mr. Whitfield. $1,500?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, without getting too technical and just for laymen's understanding, why is it that a heat-resistant water heater is more compatible with demand response than--heat pump would be less compatible than the heat resistant?    Mr. Whitfield. Right. And Mr. Connett, what do you think would be the overall impact for electric co-ops around the country if we are not successful in passing this legislation?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Well, I want to thank all of the groups that work together. You know, we have a lot of issues up here in which there are strong philosophical differences, and the only way we are going to move forward is for groups to recognize, including those on my side, we can't always get everything we want. And that is why the regular order is so important. So thank you all for working together on this, and hopefully we can pass this legislation.    And at this time I would like to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, with that I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. If you would meet Mr. McKinley right after the hearing to talk about that? At this time I would like to introduce and recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Did you want to say anything, Mr. Koep? You look like you were----    Mr. Whitfield. OK. At this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Griffith. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Notice how patient we are, Mr. Green. Well, that concludes the questions today, and I want to thank the panel for joining us and for your input and working with us in trying to formulate this legislation. And we look forward to working with you as we move forward, and we will keep the record open for 10 days for any material that needs to be inserted, and that will conclude today's hearing. Thank you very much.