    Dr. Whitacre. Mr. Chairman, members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to speak today on the innovation and grid scale energy storage. I also want to acknowledge the Bipartisan Center's American Energy Innovation Council for working with your staff on setting up this important hearing.    I am the Founder and Chief Technology Officer of Aquion Energy. I am also still a Professor of Materials Science and Engineering, and Engineering Public Policy at Carnegie Mellon University.    Seven years ago, I set out to solve the problem of making large-scale energy storage systems that are high-performance, safe, sustainable, and cost-effective. The solution we developed is an Aqueous Hybrid Ion intercalation battery, which is a mouthful, I know, but it's simple. It uses a saltwater electrolyte, manganese oxide cathode, carbon composite anode, and synthetic cotton separator. We chose these materials because they are made from safe, cheap, and abundant elements which will make a technology cost of around $100 per kilowatt hour achievable when produced at scale. The battery performs remarkably well; providing long-duration discharges of up to 20 continuous hours, while maintaining performance over thousands of cycles and, thus, many years of operation.    We now have over 130 employees and a full-scale manufacturing facility in western Pennsylvania, as well as a satellite office in Boston. We have been shipping product to customers since mid-2014, and our batteries are now deployed or under testing with service provides in 18 States, who serve, in theory, millions of customers. Our products have also been exported overseas to Germany, Australia, Malaysia, the UK, and the Philippines, among other locations.    The story of Aquion is indicative of the kind of public-private partnership behind many game-changing energy technologies. The idea for Aquion's battery came out of my research at Carnegie Mellon, which was actually informed by my seven years working as a Senior Staff Scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Shortly after arriving at Carnegie Mellon, I started a small exploratory project on this sodium ion battery chemistry that resulted in some key early results. This allowed me to garner some seed funding from a venture capital firm that allowed me to incubate the concept at university for a year or so, until some critical performance goals were achieved in the lab. At that point, we decided to try and start a real company. At the same time, we applied for and received Department of Energy funding, which was matched by private investors. Set up the facility, focused on prototyping battery units, build a pilot-scale production line, and demonstrate performance in a grid-connected environment. Additionally, that funding supported continuing basic research at Carnegie Mellon; the results of which helped us refine the technology and our manufacturing processes at the company. After pilot production and demonstrating the performance of the technology, Aquion was able to raise multiple rounds of private investment that has allowed us to scale and commercialize our batteries.    Without this DOE partnership, our early days would have been far more challenging, and perhaps Aquion would not have made it this far. My decision to--back in 2008 to spin out the company was wrought with risk. Aquion had to cross that pre-revenue valley of death where we're spending a tremendous amount of money and time to turn lab results into something that was a bankable technology, while--at the same time, while the technology and the manufacturing piece is not well defined.    It is very challenging to find private investors who can stomach this much risk. A handful exist, but by themselves, it's rare for them to--to them to actually double-down and make it happen. And it's even more difficult to get--net new technologies like ours and Ambri's scale--to the scale that it's been done without this kind of support.    The partnership I had with DOE was critical for getting across this chasm, from a research concept to a marketable product with proven performance. Furthermore, we continue to collaborate with the DOE. We're actively testing various generations of our products, and have partnered with us to develop large, in-house energy storage test beds.    What can be done by the DOE and national labs to advance other breakthroughs? The DOE has a solid track record of encouraging good ideas and funding projects that can result in a significant impact. However, one key aspect that is often overlooked early in the technology development process is the difficulty of scaling and manufacturing. Since all new energy technologies will be both materials and manufacturing-intensive, focusing more on these aspects of the process early on would increase the success rate of translating lab results into market products. There is still a tremendous amount of important and interesting fundamental science and engineering to be done during the process scale-up and manufacturing side of any new energy storage technology. I would, therefore, encourage the DOE and the national labs to incorporate the considerations of scalability early in the technology development process, such that they are focused not only on what benchtop solutions make sense, but also how to turn a benchtop solution into a scaled, mass-produced and relevant technology.    Thank you for the opportunity to share Aquion's story, and the attention you are devoting to energy technology and development.    Dr. Whitacre. The impact ranges dramatically depending on location, and depending on what kind of infrastructure and what kind of degree of renewables are local. In some places it can have a profound effect, and others it can be less profound. The message really is we need to figure out what locations can benefit most from grid-scale storage and implement those first, and then let it trickle through.    As Phil indicated, one of the key things to do is to first try and off-set these peaker plants that are very rarely turned on. That's a low-hanging fruit. Also finding places where we can level out wind or solar. Low-hanging fruit. And from there, there are weak points in the grid that are also low-hanging fruits. So you phase this in at the biggest pain points first and move through. It's hard to put a dollar value on it, but there are already significant pain points.    Dr. Whitacre. Not for the entire country. For different locations you can. It's a hard question to sort of average out because it's a time question and a location question. I will defer.    Dr. Whitacre. Yeah, there was actually a very interesting--thank you very much. There was a very interesting report done by the DOE, perhaps almost ten years ago now, that assessed this, and one of the findings was that, early on, I think folks recognized--this is for lithium ion batteries specifically, that in North America the return on investment on this kind of technology is a very long--it's a very long investment window. Japan and other folks in Asia were more willing to invest over that long period of time, compared to what you might find in North America. So there was a general perception that this is a long-haul kind of technology development process, and that, in some cases, I think it's very difficult for North American and North American industry to double-down on a very capital-intensive, very costly situation.    Dr. Whitacre. Thank you. I believe that maintaining a strong intellectual property stable, both patents as well as trade secrets, is critical. Folks will not invest or really take heart that you have something that's legitimate unless you have some documentation that establishes your right to, you know, exercise your idea without being copied immediately. So it's critical. And that story really matters.    On the other hand, I will say especially in the energy technology space in general, and batteries specifically, there is a tremendous amount of overlapping intellectual property right now that is difficult to assess out, and there has been a lot of really interesting court cases and a lot of other things that go with this. Chemistry materials are hard to patent and maintain patent. And there's a difference between right to practice, versus right to block.    So it's critical--I am positive that we wouldn't have got the degree of investment that we have gotten without the nine or ten patents that we have, and the worldwide patents that we have as well. It's super important.    Dr. Whitacre. On the other hand, you know, it doesn't hurt us, for sure.    Dr. Whitacre. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. The--there is a tremendous amount--there's a lot of leeway in that question, I will say. It's difficult for us to--for me to speculate on which vector the breakthrough should be in. There's energy density, there's power density, there's cost, there is lifetime, there is sustainability. These are all different, you know----    Dr. Whitacre. --axes of innovation. And my sense is which axes is more--most important I believe is cost and lifetime. And the things that are going to move the bar in that are going to be the broad scale and adoption of maybe not necessarily completely different kinds of technologies, but understanding how to leverage our existing base to get it to the right price for the right durability.    Dr. Whitacre. It's lifetime cost of electricity that matters. Electrons are dollars.    Dr. Whitacre. Okay, I'll take a crack. I sort of talked a bit about this already. My focus would really be to--I propose, and others have mentioned as well, that there are tens of amazing bench--like bench-scale results already out there that could be breathtaking and super innovative, but getting them to the next level, getting into something that is repeatable, demonstrable, that is scalable, there's a tremendous amount of fundamental and basic science in that process. And I often think that there's a boundary drawn between basic science and applied science that is maybe technically a little false. Right? There's a tremendous amount of basic fundamental research in the process of making more than one tiny example of something, and why--how do we make that work. And energy technologies in general are about replicating and scaling, and and this is one of the disconnects. It's so easy to do one thing, comparatively speaking, than having lived this, I can make you--and I did indeed make a very nice, very individual thing years ago, and my life's work the past six years has been making it repeatable.    Dr. Whitacre. Thank you. For sure it makes sense in some locations right now. Hawaii comes to mind as an obvious location where the cost of electricity is already so high, and the penalties with selling back to the grid during peak solar production hours is great, that people would just rather buy the battery and do it. And this is a fully distributed customer size meter model. There are other places around the world where it's even worse. People are--and I should point out that our most intriguing early markets are not domestic. We are selling--we are exporting to a variety of places; the Philippines, Malaysia, you know, everywhere else, where there are--the dominant mode right now is distributed diesel generation, and they want to get rid of that, it's expensive and dirty. They would rather go to solar and batteries. They want the right batteries. And----    Dr. Whitacre. The generator, right. And----    Dr. Whitacre. Yeah. Yeah, a couple of our installations, yeah, we have some in northern California right now, they've been going for almost a year now and we really watch how often the generator comes on. That's a big satisfaction piece for the customer; how often--and usually we're lucky, most of the time in our installations it's just the, you know, the weekly turn on to maintain integrity of the generator. That's what you want to see. That's a key--it's a key like win for us if we have that.    So--but there are other places, to be honest, in North America especially where electricity is very cheap, the grid is very reliable, and it's hard to imagine that those residences will be wanting to go distributed off-grid.It's--from a financial perspective, it's a tough sell. But in those same areas, you may have some local grid issues or renewable issues where a more centralized storage infrastructure makes sense. So again, it's very locationally dependent.    Dr. Whitacre. There are certain thermodynamic realties about storing electricity and materials, and those realities drive us to a sort of bipolar design where you have two separate material systems that retain different positive and negative charges when you apply a current to them. It's hard to imagine a different paradigm using the materials as we understand them today to allow this. It is sort of--the anode and cathode are a natural reflection of thermodynamics, is the way I would put that. So my answer is, if you're talking about electrochemical storage, I don't think so. This is the paradigm. The key is to enhance our understanding and to maximize performance, and explore new material systems and new electrode designs and so forth.    Dr. Whitacre. Absolutely. I think, depending on where it is, you again--I keep on going back to this, but location specificity matters depends on how good your transmission and how close you are to a centralized power source. By typically, I mean there's an argument for some degree of distribution to either eliminate the cost and the issues of either augmenting or establishing a more centralized traditional grid backbone system, or indeed, just by the straight efficiency losses associated with transmitting power. If you generate electricity on--in a location, you're best apt to store it near or at that location. This is happening in Germany right now. There's a self-consumption incentive wherein folks are actually driven to put batteries in their residence because they're generating electrons in their residence, and they--it's a more efficient system. So yes, there is.    Dr. Whitacre. You know, I see an intermediate situation. There's probably an intermediate thing where there are--there's certainly not a single battery in the center of the country, right, and there's certainly not a battery in each of our pockets. There are--there's an intermediate distribution of storage where there's an optimal distribution. Maybe it's at a neighborhood level or at a block level, or something--if we were to really reduce this down to that kind of question. There is some optimal economy of size and distribution. I'm not sure exactly what it is, but it's probably more than--it's probably outside the residence, but smaller than an entire city.    Dr. Whitacre. I can quickly comment on that. While this is completely technically possible, and folks are still looking at doing it, one reality is the roundtrip energy efficiency of that kind of system is, at best, 60 percent maybe on the very best day. Most of the time it's 50 percent or less. And it's simply because the thermodynamics of converting water to hydrogen, and then converting it back to water and getting electrons, and storing electricity through that process, is inherently inefficient. And so this is difficult to compete with the 80 or 90 percent roundtrip efficiency we have in batteries. And that's a big, big deal when we talk about each electron is worth money.