    Mr. Grothman. Thank you.    Thank you all for your testimony.    For most of us, or at least for me, when I think of the Environmental Protection Agency, I think of, you know, touring local farms, factories, that sort of thing and what they feel are, first of all, rules that are lacking in common sense, causing huge cost of money, perhaps chasing jobs out of America.    Now, you guys are not psychologists, but I will ask you maybe to comment. I wonder, do you think the same apparent psychological problems with the management at EPA--the bullying, okay, the getting revenge on people, not dealing with legitimate questions but just walking away--is that psychological problem that you are experiencing, do you think those same psychological flaws in the EPA management is what is causing, you know, problems for American business or American landowners?    Mr. Grothman. Well, what I am saying is I am extending even to the people who write the regulations that American business, that American farms have to live under. Okay?    Now, a normal human being, in writing these regulations, would have to realize that, when you write them, it is going to be very costly, it is going to result in a lot of ambiguity in the regulations, you are going to create a situation in which individual employees can make subjective decisions that, quite frankly, ruin businesses and ruin people's lives.    Do you feel, if this is the culture in the management of the EPA, that these personality flaws are perhaps one of the reasons why we have such onerous regulations coming out of the     Mr. Grothman. Yeah.    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. Do you think it is possible--and, obviously, you know, we are not going to get rid of the entire EPA--but do you think it is possible, given the huge culture of arrogance at the top, apparently covering so many employees, is it possible for the EPA to reform itself and work with the American people rather than right now, where it is perceived as, you know, I mean, really a problem agency that seems like its sole goal is to harass people and come up with regulations that lack common sense?    Are there enough good people left in the EPA that it can even reform itself?    Mr. Grothman. Sure, Mr. Harris.    Mr. Grothman. Just one more question. Do you think it would be better, given the huge problems you have, to take at least some of the responsibilities the EPA has and give them back to the various departments of natural resources around the country?    Mr. Grothman. Thank you very much, Mr. Harris. We will see if we can do that.