    Mr. Withrow. Mr. Chairman, Members of the committee, thank you so very much for the opportunity to appear before you today. I am pleased to have this chance to discuss some of the programs that Peralta College has developed to assist veterans.    My name is Bill Withrow and I am a member of the Peralta Board of Trustees and I am also a veteran.    The Peralta district includes four colleges located on the east side of the San Francisco Bay and serves over 30,000 students. We take pride in supporting the educational needs of veterans through a comprehensive array of high-quality programs and services.    However, not all of them take advantage of the GI educational benefits. Given our low cost, many veterans choose not to use their educational benefits while attending our colleges, saving them for when they transfer to the more expensive four-year universities and the opportunity for postgraduate education.    But whether they are using their benefits or not, we still provide them with special assistance such as we provide up to six semester hours of credit for military education that can be used toward achieving an associate degree.    We work with veterans to waive out-of-state tuition. Veterans receive priority first-in-line registration for classes and access to certified counselors. We enroll all newly-arrived veterans in a one unit semester-long orientation to college course that introduces them to college life and connects them to the services available to help them succeed.    The Counseling Department offers transfer workshops to ease the transition, to ease the transition to four-year colleges and universities.    We have a one-stop business and career center that provides free employment services to job seekers and employers.    We provide space committed to veterans to allow them to interact and to relate to their peers. We also sponsor student clubs for veterans.    As you can see, we value our veterans and provide services to make their experience successful, but we have some suggestions on ways to improve the existing educational program.    First, there needs to be more recognition and support for remediation or developmental classes. I do understand that this is controversial, but over 70 percent of our students overall enrolling at the Peralta colleges need some level of developmental education to get up to speed to the college level standards.    Veterans benefits cover six hours for developmental courses that are noncredit. Quite frankly, more is needed. Many students, especially veterans who may have been out of school for awhile, need more than six hours to successfully take credit courses and gain the most out of them.    Second, we recommend and provide more institutions to resources for colleges to be able to support their veteran populations. We have established a dean of equity and student success at the district level to provide a centralized way of tracking the progress of veterans. Peralta is funding this position out of its own resources. We believe that the VA could and should assist with this type of institutional support.    Finally, we encourage the military services and the VA to provide more transition support for veterans who are discharged from active duty.    In summary, Mr. Chairman, I recently met with a number of our veteran students and I am pleased to find that they were very satisfied at the education that they were receiving, the administrative support and the counseling, and that they felt that they were receiving a solid base for their educational and career goals. Veterans education programs are an ultimate win-win; a win for the student, and a win for the regional economic engines.    Many of the certificate and workforce programs dovetail into the experiences the students have had in one of their services leading to rewarding careers such as auto technology, aviation engineering, and all of the allied health services.    As I mentioned at the start of my testimony, I served as a veteran. I am a retired naval officer with over 24 years on active duty. I took an oath at each promotion, up to, and including captain, to protect the interests of enlisted personnel. That carries over into my retirement. I am personally dedicated to the well-being of our veterans and Peralta shares that deep sentiment. We look forward to working with this Committee to provide the very best educational experiences for our nation's veterans. They have earned it.    Mr. Withrow. We work closely with communities throughout the districts, if you will, throughout the state, at the community college level. We have workshops at least twice a year and working with veterans is a popular one right now, number one.    Number two, we have joined with six other districts to participate in what we call a stand-down. A lot of support groups, as well as educational institutions, meet at the fairgrounds for the Alameda County, and it is a way to try and break into the community.    Quite frankly, it is not easy to market to a veterans group; they are dispersed--even though we have somewhere north of 260,000 veterans in the Bay Area, they are dispersed quite broadly and our method has been to, again, participate in a broad base, if you will.    Mr. Withrow. Well, I can tell you that at least one college that we polled, the comparison tool showed 144 veterans using the GI Bill and we have identified 260 that we are focusing on. So it is about relationship at each of the colleges.    Our, as you know, our tuition fees in California are pretty low----    Mr. Withrow . And so it does make it, for those who have the wherewithal, quite frankly, to live and subside, it does make sense to defer using the GI Bill until they pursue a four-year university.    Mr. Withrow. I do, no question about that. And that is the reason why we feel concerned about what we call developmental education.    Mr. Withrow. They can use six credit hours.    Mr. Withrow. They have to complete 12 hours before it is, in fact, waived.    Mr. Withrow. So far, that hasn't been an issue, but in talking to counselors and talking to faculty, they feel that the veterans who would get more out of the courses they take, it would have more meaning and more depth to it if, in fact, they had taken some developmental courses before.    Mr. Withrow. You know, I don't know that I have enough to really answer that. I'm sorry.    Mr. Withrow. There are no constraints on the size. I don't----    Mr. Withrow. Any veteran can access a counselor.    California has a well-known shortfall in counselors throughout, including the community colleges, but we have made a point of having dedicated counselors that, in fact, are--receive certificates that they are qualified to counsel veterans. And whether the veterans are taking advantage of the GI Bill or not, they still have access to these counselors.    Mr. Withrow. I would like to followup on that, if I could. We found that counselors are the key to removing barriers to success. And having access to counselors who not only can give guidance, but become advocates, that is something that we have stressed.    I would also like to point out that not all veterans fit within a box. I mean we have veterans that, given the kind of services that they were involved in, are extremely well-prepared. Quite frankly, we only give them six hours of credit, but graduates of the Language Institute Monterey receive a fantastic education; it is one of the finest in the country, if not in the world.    Again, it depends on what the veteran has worked in. A lot of the applications are, in fact, convertible into civilian life, they are convertible into success and education, a lot are not. And it is the ones that are not we have found that the counseling is the most advantageous.    Mr. Withrow. If I could just to start with. Two of our four colleges have childcare centers. And it becomes very meaningful if we have a veteran who is married and has children, and the wife is the provider, the financial provider. The childcare becomes a very important element in terms of that veteran succeeding and being able to focus on education as opposed to a lot of the hierarchy of needs, if you will.