    Mr. Carter. The gentlelady yields.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Counihan, to date, we know that 16 of 23 ObamaCare CO-OPs have collapsed and it's impacted 870,000 enrollees. That's including the Land of Lincoln, Co-Op of Illinois, which announced just yesterday, just yesterday, that it will close after only 3 years of operation, leaving 50,000 enrollees without insurance.    What's more troubling than that, perhaps, is that CMS loaned nearly $1.5 billion to these failed CO-OPs, despite the administration's projection that the program would lose a significant amount of taxpayers' dollars, over 40 percent predicted to never be repaid. That's a lot of taxpayer dollars. I think you would agree with that. A lot of taxpayers' dollars casually thrown away to prop up yet another failed facet of ObamaCare.    Mr. Counihan, I'm concerned that despite the previous oversight hearings that we've had and on the failing CO-OPs and the staggering amount of taxpayer dollars that are at risk, that CMS still has yet to come up with a plan or a process for recouping the loans lost by these CO-OPs.    Mr. Carter. Am I right? I mean, tell me I'm wrong.    Mr. Carter. Do you have a plan to recoup the money?    Mr. Carter. Very briefly.    Mr. Carter. So you're trying to do it through payment offsets or what?    Mr. Carter. And are you doing witness all of the CO-OPs that have failed?    Mr. Carter. When is the appropriate time? I mean, after they fail, they failed, and there's no money left. Right?    Mr. Carter. Okay. So let's go back here. It's my understanding that now we have got seven remaining CO-OPs. Is that correct?    Mr. Carter. How are they doing? From my understanding, they're not doing well at all. They're in very similar situations and they're set to fail.    Mr. Carter. Well, let me ask you something. You know, I was always taught that you don't want to throw good money after bad. While they still have got some good money, why don't we just go back and get it and recoup it and just call it a day? Obviously, if 16 out of 23 have failed, why should we think that the remaining seven are going to make it?    Mr. Carter. But it's not working. It's failed 16 out of 23. Another one failed yesterday. The remaining seven are in bad shape and you know it.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, let me ask you something, Mr. Counihan. Out of the seven that are still currently operating----    Mr. Carter. --how many of them are profitable?    Mr. Carter. That's yes or no.    Mr. Carter. It depends on the month?    Mr. Carter. This month, how many of them are profitable?    Mr. Carter. Last month?    Mr. Carter. Can you tell me last month?    Mr. Carter. Mr. Counihan, this looks like a total failure. I mean, not only are we throwing good money after bad, losing money, but now we got all these enrollees who don't have any insurance coverage.    Mr. Carter. Please.    Mr. Carter. If I were one of their larger competitors, I would not--I wouldn't copy anything they've done. They've failed.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Okay. Okay. If there is a silver lining, perhaps you just--you've just described it. I fail to believe that. Nevertheless, let's shift gears for one second. Okay? Let's talk about--we know the CO-OPs are not the only entities that are struggling under ObamaCare. UnitedHealth has pulled out of a number of markets, abandoned a number of exchanges due to profit concerns. If the Nation's largest insurers can't assume the risks and burdens of ObamaCare, why should we believe that anyone can?    Mr. Carter. Please very quickly.    Mr. Carter. Okay. All right. I need to finish up. I'm sorry, Mr. Counihan. Out of all due respect, sir, they're failing. They're losing money. The patients aren't being covered. Their premiums are going up. It looks to me like it's a total failure.    Mr. Carter. I've got a closing statement I want to make. Okay. In a July 11, 2016, article in Healthcare Reform, President Obama acknowledged that too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay for their monthly insurance bills. That's directly from the President. Even the President can't avoid the fact that after 6 years, his signature healthcare reform bill has completely failed. Completely failed. Healthcare costs are higher than ever. Families have seen their premiums double and deductibles increase and the average American cannot afford health insurance.    This is why we've come out with Speaker Ryan's A Better Way policy agenda, and I hope that we will look at that. We all want healthcare coverage here in America. Republicans, Democrat, we want it. And we feel like we have a better way. Obviously, to anyone who's looking at this, this is not working. It is failing.    Finally, there's some documents that we've asked you to produce. On November 20, December 23, and May 18, we sent letters, and on February 17 we sent a subpoena to Secretary Burwell. Are you familiar with this?    Mr. Carter. Have you been asked to collect any of the material?    Mr. Carter. I thought it was a subpoena we sent.    Mr. Carter. Mr. Counihan, if we agree on anything in this committee, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, whoever, it is that y'all need to pay attention, and when we ask you something we expect for you to get it to us. I don't think you will find anyone who disagrees with that.    Mr. Carter. I can appreciate that, but you have an even greater responsibility to this committee and to answering to the people who have been elected to represent the American citizens. All right. That's all.    Mr. Carter. Without objection.    Mr. Carter. Mr. Counihan, Ms. Blumberg, I want to thank both of you, and thank you for taking time out to appear before us today.    Is that it? Did you have anything else? We're all done.    If there's no further business, without objection the subcommittee stands adjourned.