    Ms. Heriot. Thank you for this opportunity to testify in support of the proposed Certainty in Enforcement Act.    The bill is aimed largely at correcting a narrow problem created by the EEOC's April 25, 2012 guidance, a controversial document aimed at restricting an employer's ability to take into consideration a job applicant's criminal record when hiring. The guidance purports to draw its authority from Title 7, which prohibits employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.    Of course, it requires some gymnastics to get from that kind of discrimination to discrimination on the basis of criminal record. To do so, the EEOC employs disparate impact theory.    Under this controversial theory, which, alas, was approved by the Supreme Court back in the 1970s in Griggs v. Duke Power Company, intent to discriminate on the basis of race, color, et cetera is irrelevant. It is enough the employer's actions have an effect on some--have more effect on some protected groups than others if they are not justified by business necessity.    I should add at this juncture that in addition to the narrow problem dealt with with the proposed act, there are many other things wrong with this guidance. But given the difficulties of passing major legislation, this bill must be regarded as a good start--one that should enjoy bipartisan support.    So let me get to the narrow point to the bill. The bill seeks to resolve a conflict between federal law, or at least the EEOC's conception of federal law, and state law. On the one hand, the guidance is aimed in very vague terms at limiting an employer's discretion to make employment decisions based on the employee's criminal record. Unfortunately, after reading it, even experienced attorneys won't know how to resolve particular cases.    But on the other hand, state law sometimes requires employers to decline to hire employees based on their criminal records. So what is the employer to do?    The guidance forces employers into an impossible bind. Employers are told that maybe--but only maybe--federal law forbids what state law requires, and that if so, it is their duty to obey federal, not state law.    According to the guidance, it depends on the circumstances of each situation since even the EEOC is not foolish enough to believe that a convicted pedophile should be hired as a camp counselor or that a convicted necrophiliac should be able to get a job at the morgue.    Nobody knows where the EEOC will draw the line. All they know is that the agency has been pushing the line very far towards not permitting employers to take criminal convictions into account.    The one thing that is clear is that if, in the EEOC's view, federal law forbids what state law demands, the employers allegiance must be to federal law. Employers are apparently expected to make their best guess as to whether federal law overrules state law in any particular case. In the end it will be utterly unclear to any conscientious employer exactly what, if anything, the EEOC is attempting to require it to do.    Now, it is true that under the supremacy clause federal law trumps state law, but the guidance's lack of clarity makes the situation extremely unfair to employers. It shouldn't be that way. When a law contains catch-22s of this kind, jobs get exported overseas.    Expect two kinds of errors. An employer may wrongly conclude that the guidance does not forbid her to follow state law, or she may wrongly conclude that it does. In either case, she is going to be in hot water with some government agency, be it federal or state.    The proposed Certainty in Enforcement Act throws the hapless employer a lifeline. It clarifies federal law in one respect: It tells employers that they are free to comply with state law without fear of being found in violation of Title 7 on a disparate impact theory. Again, very, very narrow.    Since I have a few seconds left on the clock, let me say that an even better proposal would be to overrule the EEOC entirely and restore employer discretion to take into account an employee's criminal record according to her best judgment. Simply exempt decisions based on criminal records from liability for disparate impact.    Note that I am not saying that the federal government should do nothing to encourage the hiring of ex-offenders. The government already does this by providing a tax deduction for employers who hire ex-offenders.    This carrot approach works much better than the stick because it allows employers to fit the right ex-offender into the right job. Pressuring employees to hire ex-offenders against their better judgment will only result in problems.    Ms. Heriot. Yes, I get your drift. If it is so easy for employers to understand when an employer can be legally liable for failing to hire an applicant on account of a criminal record then why does the EEOC itself get it wrong so often?    There have actually been a number of cases where the EEOC has brought actions and they have been slapped down by the courts.    Ms. Heriot. The two cases that come to mind for me, because they have both been in the U.S. Court of Appeals, are the Freeman case and Peoplemark. In both those cases the EEOC brought an action against an employer based on their criminal background checks policy, and in both cases both the district court and the court of appeals slapped the EEOC down pretty hard.    And if the EEOC itself is having a difficult time figuring out what constitutes a good case, then how are employers supposed to get that right?    In addition, the EEOC has been conducting investigations against companies that you would think would have a pretty strong case, like G4S, which testified in front of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights--one of their officers did. And they are a company that hires security guards. I mean, that is their business--they supply security guards to other companies.    That is a job where you would think that the argument that they should be able to consider criminal background was very strong. But the EEOC did not agree and has--had conducted a very, very long investigation of that company.    Ms. Heriot. Well, I think that employers, like cities and counties, should have the option to ban the box, and that is perfectly acceptable. And many employers would ban the box, as well--many private employers.    I think the federal tax deduction that allows employers to make the choice to hire someone who they know is an ex-offender is an excellent program. But the notion that the private employers should be coerced in this way I think is a big mistake.    There are many jobs for which it makes perfect sense for an employer to decide this is not, you know, a situation where I want to take a chance on an ex-offender. And nobody is in a better position to make that decision than the employer itself.    If the EEOC is in a position to second guess them, then what is going to happen is that employers will bend over backwards to avoid the possibility that they will be brought into an EEOC lawsuit. And when that happens, you know, tragedies are going to ensue.    It is not always appropriate to hire an ex-offender in a job. Jobs that involve visits to private citizens' homes; jobs involving, say, nursing homes; schools--that is not a good place to put an ex-offender in every case.    There are exceptions. But the best person to make the judgment about when that exception has come up is not the EEOC, but rather, the employer, because the employer knows the job and the employer often knows something about the ex-offender that the EEOC does not know. It is not always possible to govern these things inside the beltway, as it were.    Ms. Heriot. Back a few years ago--quite a few years ago, during--mostly during the Carter administration, this was kind of a hot issue, what to do about criminal background checks and such. And there were a few cases a little bit before that, as well. And it was very hot at the time.    And then the EEOC started backing away from the policies at that point. For example, the policy that someone mentioned today about--that involved Clarence Thomas was actually moving back--cutting back on the policy, not putting it forward.    So there is a history. But the April 2012 guidance goes much further in several ways. It basically returns that issue--to that issue with kind of a vengeance, I would say.    First of all, it states that even if there is a state or local law that requires a background check and requires that employers refuse to hire----    Ms. Heriot. But it can't. I mean, the answers don't really do that. That is why I came here.    But at any rate, it does----    Ms. Heriot. No.    Ms. Heriot. Employers can wait until they are sued by the EEOC. They have got to----