    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, I think this is interesting to see the results and also the discussion over ICANN because of the transition of ICANN and the termination of the IANA contract. The two main issues are, first, should we terminate that contract? Second, are we ready at this moment to terminate that contract?    The Committee a while back, last year actually, explored the first question in previous hearings, so my question and my line of thought is going to focus on the second. But based on the evidence I have seen--and I want to ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, to enter into the record a laundry list of recent ICANN failures that should really----    Mr. Collins. Thank you. And my wife's part is took out, so it is just mine.    I believe ICANN is engaged in a pattern of behavior that indicates their lack of commitment to follow through on their contractual obligations that exist today. A multi-stakeholder model is effective when the community agreements are respected and enforced and when the administrator of ICANN takes seriously the responsibilities to live up to the commitments they made.    I am concerned about the lack of accountability and transparency I have observed on the part of ICANN. In fact, it is probably like an old commercial that we have seen on TV, the Cheez-It commercial. I just don't think they are ready, mature enough to be baked into a system, into a cracker. This is the part that just bothers me because there just doesn't seem to be the understanding of the concern that most of us have and that has been discussed here today.    So, a couple of questions. I want to start with Ms. Stark. The first is in 2011, you told Congress that the first round of new gTLDs would cost the business community conservatively $12 million in defensive registration fees. Some claim that that number was an overstatement. Was it?    Mr. Collins. It is. I want to say right here just one more question, and it is a concern that rogue Web site operators are increasingly engaging in domain hopping, switching from one TLD to another to maintain their brand. For example, there are several sites that trade on the piratebay name, even though the sites' operators have been convicted of criminal copyright infringement. Some of these sites are existing TLDs, the piratebay.com, the piratebay.org, and others with new gTLDs.    Do you think it is fair that rights owners or law enforcement take action against one domain only to have the same problem arise, basically trading on the same name with a different TLD?    Mr. Collins. And I think this is something that is very important because it is sort of the tree here. We are following this out, and you can do it in other cases, criminal cases. You can do it in others. But especially in this kind of case where you have had this blatant kind of hopping around that is against, so I appreciate that.    Mr. Metalitz, how important is it for accuracy and integrity of the WHOIS database through the function of accountability and the rule of law to the online ecosystem? And also, how do these issues intersect with the public interest commitment, the registrar accreditation agreement, and the other ICANN standards of online accountability?    Mr. Collins. And I think that is something that the Chairman and I have worked on a great deal, because if we continue this hopping around, if we continue this non-transparency and this non-accountability, then we are simply setting ways that are affecting business. It is affecting really that ingenuity, that spirit that we are trying to incorporate, and especially when it comes to just blatant stealing and copyright infringement, let's just call it what it is. So I appreciate that.    I know Amazon has had an amazing story with ICANN and the problems there, and we could go into that. So I wanted to recognize that fact. I have seen that. And for all of us here, I think it is just an example that ICANN there is the problems here, and it is not ready, and I think that is the thing we go back to.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.