    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We have heard from four Commissioners today, Mr. Wheeler, that they are getting late information, incomplete information with respect to Enforcement Bureau practices.    Your explanation implied somehow that they were untrustworthy or incapable of handling the sensitive information. I think that is counterfactual. I think they, all four, are cable people, highly capable of handling that information. And I also think it is inconsistent with how this Commission ought to operate.    And so I would certainly urge you to change that practice and would urge this committee to do all that we can to make sure that you do.    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you. I don't have much time. It was certainly the implication that I heard from you. Perhaps I got it wrong.    I want to talk about competition in the cybersecurity world. I spend a fair amount of time on this in my role on the Intelligence Committee and here on this subcommittee.    Not too long ago, you were talking about network providers, Mr. Wheeler, and you talked about a common set of standards for cybersecurity.    Mr. Pompeo. My judgment is that would make it easier for hackers. If you had a common set of standards, it is easier to attack.    These businesses, these network providers, are in the business of providing secure, reliable connectivity. That is how they operate their business, how they make money.    Why is it you think you can develop a set of standards that would be superior to what AT&T or Sprint or Verizon or any of the others might be able to accomplish in the world of cybersecurity?    Mr. Pompeo. Right. It makes no sense to me for a common set of standards to be a regulatory tool that the FCC issues. It just makes it simple.    Mr. Pompeo. Great. I am glad that you have now committed to not doing that today.    Mr. Pompeo. I appreciate that.    Mr. Pompeo. Great.    Mr. Pompeo. I am thrilled.    You talk about competition all the time. The IP transition is supposed to make sure we have the most updated technology. And yet the Commission, when it decided to impose requirements that carriers provide IP-based wholesale replacement services to competitors, the fiber facilities, that you said you required, quote, ``reasonably comparable to those of legacy services.''    Why would you create what appears to me to be a real disincentive for deploying new facilities and new services?    Mr. Pompeo. Commissioner Pai, do you agree with that analysis in terms of the disincentive it creates for build-out?    Mr. Pompeo. You actually made the case more articulately than I did. Thank you.    Mr. Pompeo. Right.    Mr. Pompeo. Would you agree we should that rule?    Mr. Pompeo. But, no, I am asking--no, I understand the history.    Mr. Pompeo. So it has not only been there a long time, but you like it.    Mr. Pompeo. Chairman Wheeler, have you read the reports, Reuters reports, about WCRW and its connection to control by Chinese entities?    Mr. Pompeo. Tell me what the FCC is doing about that and what your position is with respect to that particular station that is airing pro-Chinese communications here in the United States.    Mr. Pompeo. Great. And so I assume, because there is an investigation going on, there is nothing more you will share with me this morning. Is that correct?    Mr. Pompeo. Great. Thank you.    I yield back the balance of my time.