    Mr. Guinta. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, Chair Matz.    It is a privilege and an honor to be representing the First Congressional District of New Hampshire, where the first ever credit union was founded in the United States. In 1908, St. Mary's Bank emerged in a small town called Manchester, which is my hometown. Since then, Manchester has grown to be the State's largest city. And surrounding the City came more credit unions and community banks. Now there are 27 credit unions in New Hampshire, 14 of which are in my district.    However, community banks and credit unions have been consolidating at an alarming rate. According to the quarterly data posted on the NCUA's website, credit unions have declined 52 percent from 1990 to now. I sit here and ask myself, why is this happening to our community financial institutions? Consumer choice, I think and hope, is something that we as Americans all value. However, we have seen this negative trend continue and even be enhanced, I think, by rigorous regulatory requirements by the Dodd-Frank Act.    You, Madam Chair, called 2015 the year of regulation relief. And I certainly hope that is true. I look forward to working with you in that approach because I think the harmful regulations our financial institutions have faced need to be addressed immediately. So I very much thank you for coming here today and working with us. And I look forward to hearing your testimony.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Guinta. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Matz, as I stated in my opening statement, financial institutions across the Nation are merging or consolidating at what I would consider a pretty alarming rate. And that concerns me because, to me, that represents less access to credit for a whole host of individuals for a whole host of needs that families, average families require. There were 12,891 credit unions back in 1990. And today, I believe we have about 6,200, according to the first quarter data that you put out. So would you talk to me a little bit about, over the last 25 years, why there were so many consolidations and if you think--what, if any, portions of Dodd-Frank would have something to do with that? Or if you don't think Dodd-Frank had anything to do with that, I would like to know that as well.    Mr. Guinta. So because of the trajectory before Dodd-Frank, you are saying, Dodd-Frank, because of the losses post and pre are essentially similar or identical, you are saying Dodd-Frank has nothing to do with it?    Mr. Guinta. Okay.    When I talk to bankers who are running credit unions in New Hampshire, they talk to me about the regulatory burden, the compliance requirements. Anywhere from 10 to 30 percent of their time is now focused on regulatory. So I couldn't speak to pre-Dodd-Frank. But I can tell you that post-Dodd-Frank, that is the single largest concern expressed to me by credit union executives. If that is what they are telling me, and they are on the ground, it is not consistent with your opinion relative to Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Guinta. In New Hampshire, we have about 1.3 million people, so we are very community-based. So I understand the concerns or the items that you ticked off, economies of scale. I disagree with that, because in New Hampshire we tend to go look to our local community bank or credit union for help. But I would invite you to come to New Hampshire with me, and meet some of these credit union execs because I would love to--    Mr. Guinta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.