    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I'm one of those teenagers that rushed home to see the original Star Trek with William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy, so this is fascinating. Like the Chairman said, we have a million questions.    Dr. Stofan, like you, I'm of the opinion you're going to have to have boots on the ground so to speak to finally answer the questions. So let's bring it a little bit closer to home. You referenced the possible meteor asteroid in Antarctica. I'm assuming you're referencing the Allan Hills meteor back in, what, '84 I think it was when it was discovered.    And if we go to a synthetic biology topics such as XNA as opposed to DNA, RNA, would our funding be more appropriate in a realistic term as to funding projects in that realm as opposed to, you know, something that maybe 100 years off as far as time travel or space travel is concerned?    Mr. Abraham. And you've got DARPA, you've got USAR MED you've got NASA, you've got all these agencies looking for other life forms, doing research on genetic engineering and those types of deals. Is there any one agency that is spearheading or that these other agencies report to? Is there any hurding of the cat so to speak where this research can come under one big umbrella and people talk to other agencies and actually come up with some formulations?    Mr. Abraham. But is there one voice at this point or is anybody at the top of the heap so to speak?    Mr. Abraham. Does NASA have any rules or regulations that they foresee that would limit or harness this potential breakthrough? I mean I could see where with what we have available even now with some of the genetic engineering that, you know, some of this stuff could turn out to be kind of bad stuff.    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. Lunine, just a quick comment on what you had spoken with the Congressman earlier about potential life developing in an environment. Just a personal question: What is your theory on panspermia, the bringing of life forms into our Earth atmosphere on an asteroid or meteor?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.