    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to thank you for your work. I can only speak personally, but the briefings that I have had including classified briefings with you and with the Ambassador Pyatt have been extraordinary. The communications are great. I want to thank you for that.    I also, I am going to deviate from my question, because at least once in this hearing I think we have to put this perspective in because it is reality. So many of the questions have been unilateral. It is the U.S. It is Russia. It is U.S. The reality is that is not where our strength is. The center of gravity in all of this, I think, from a military perspective was described by General Breedlove when he said our unity of effort with the Europeans is that strength, and it is what Putin didn't bank on. So I am going to give you the opportunity to discuss how important the coalition is to the success of Ukraine.    It is my feeling that without that unity with the U.S. that we are not going to be strong in our response and Ukraine won't have the opportunity to move forward itself. So could you comment on that? Because it is lost somewhere in today's hearing.    Ambassador Nuland. Well, thank you for that, Congressman. I think I said earlier in the hearing that we in the European Bureau spend almost as much time working with Europeans on Ukraine as we do working with Ukrainians on Ukraine, because this unity has been so essential and because that unity is constantly being tested and probed by the Kremlin. Because if they can split us, obviously that is their best line to imperil Ukraine.    So first and foremost, on the economic side where it has been a combination of our strong transatlantic support for the IFIs, our strong transatlantic contributions, both U.S. and European, that have made the $17.5-billion package that we have on offer for Ukraine possible now. Without that it wouldn't have been.    In the four to five rounds of sanctions that we have done, if the U.S. had done this unilaterally we would have had a situation where European companies could have just come in and backfilled. If we had not matched what Europe was willing to do, the opposite would have been true or you could have seen efforts to drive a wedge between us. We do believe that, particularly in September and December, the Kremlin underestimated both our unity and our ability to work together. It is not always as quick as we would like because we have 29 countries to coordinate, 34 if you include our other allies in NATO, but it does make us really strong in defense of Ukraine.    Mr. Keating. Yes, and when you look at Minsk and when you look at the back end that we would not have preferred in terms of Russia's border issues, and when we are having these other discussions and these other questions about why can't the U.S. just do this, simply do this, isn't it important that we do this in a unified manner with Europe? And what would happen if we didn't? What would happen if we just veered off the way some of these questions have been pointed today on our own and just done this? What would our prospects for success be diplomatically and militarily?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, again it would have just provided an opportunity for the Kremlin to divide us from major allies like Germany and France. I mean one of the reasons that we shout out Chancellor Merkel and President Hollande is that they are the ones who spent the 17 hours of hard diplomatic work with President Putin. And he had to hear that not only do we disapprove of what is going on and have serious concerns, but that all of Europe does too. And without that, he might have felt he could get away with it.    Mr. Keating. Yes. I have my own feelings that I would like to see defensive weapons in place myself, but I also can't have this hearing and without commenting on the fact that we have to do this with partners and it is a dynamic decision. And if we move away from that we weaken ourselves.    With that I yield back, Mr. Chair.