    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Horowitz, are you familiar with the incident in the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of Louisiana where top Assistant U.S. Attorneys were blogging and commenting on cases online?    Mr. Richmond. Have you read the OPR report?    Mr. Richmond. What is troubling to me--first of all, the OPR report I think was done in 2013, and it was just released to the public 2 weeks ago. But what the report seems to outline, first of all, I think the conduct of the Assistant U.S. Attorneys borders on criminal violations, and I would ask that the office look into those, because they have put people in jail for less than what they did. If you are talking about New Orleans and the Eastern District of Louisiana, there is a very severe, I would say, distrust of the U.S. Attorney's Office and our Federal law enforcement there, and I don't think that this breeds any more confidence in that, and the U.S. Attorney's Office has done some very good things.    But this scandal appears to be something that, from the public perception and my perception, something that is being swept under the rug and not investigated to its end conclusion. I know that the Inspector General's Office did not do it, and I would like the Inspector General's Office to get involved because I am sure, as I sit here today, that there were FBI agents that were also involved in this, and the OPR report--I am not sure if they even had the authority to wage an investigation into whether the Federal law enforcement partners of the U.S. Attorney's Office was also engaged in that activity.    But the culture in that U.S. Attorney's Office was that of a rogue frat house, with the authority to charge people where the charging document says ``United States of America versus you.'' And when people get charged, you know and I know that it up-ends their life and their life goes on a different journey.    I am not sitting here defending anyone who has been indicted or charged for breaking the law, but I do want a U.S. Attorney's Office that is trustworthy, and I want to know that my FBI agents in that office, in my district, are playing above board. As I sit here today, I can't tell you that I have that trust about all of them.    What is it that your office can do in terms of a follow-up investigation and looking into the actions of the law enforcement as it relates to that case, and just a general interaction with my U.S. Attorney's Office?    Mr. Richmond. And I would be interested in knowing the specific language of the limitations, and a cite would be helpful because I would be interested in lifting some limitations. I think the OPR report was carefully written, to say the least, to still try to put the office in the best light and protect individuals. Even the version that was released was redacted significantly. I have heard many people express concern.    But what that did is we had convictions overturned because of that report, and we had an entire investigation that was dismissed because of it. So, I would love to talk to you.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time, and I yield back.