    Ms. Socia. Good afternoon. Thank you for holding this hearing on such an important topic.    My name is Deb Socia, and I am the Executive Director of Next Century Cities, a bipartisan city-to-city collaborative formed just last October. We have already grown to over 100 member cities, all of whom are dedicated to ensuring access to fast, affordable and reliable broadband.    High-speed access is essential to America's economic future. It is as simple as that. What can be complicated is making it happen on the ground. Cities face a range of technical, economic and political challenges including obstacles at the State and Federal levels. More and more, providing for this critical need has emerged as a core responsibility for local governments. Many cities and towns from around the country are taking diverse and creative steps to secure their Internet future.    When it comes to providing access to high-quality Internet, everyone has a role to play. It is an issue that spans political party, an issue that crosses the urban-rural divide, and an issue that relies on many sectors of our society.    There is no single pathway to next-generation broadband network, and several of the most innovative solutions have emerged in unexpected places. The small towns of Ammon, Idaho, and Mount Vernon, Washington, have each developed a gigabit open access network. These local governments are directly involved in building the physical infrastructure and then leasing access to competing private providers. Just outside of Baltimore, Westminster, Maryland, has initiated a public-private partnership with Ting, a provider of fiber Internet service, and with the introduction of Google Fiber in Kansas City, residents there can now experience giga-level speeds at an affordable rate. Cities like Lafayette, Louisiana, and Chattanooga, Tennessee, have built their own networks and now have some of the fastest, most globally competitive access available.    Next Century Cities is dedicated to helping all communities achieve high-quality access regardless of the path they choose to pursue. Our membership represents an inclusive cross-section of America from small, rural communities such as Winthrop, Minnesota, to large, urban areas like L.A. and Boston.    What unites these mayors is a commitment to the imperative of broadband access for continued growth and an understanding that local governments are best situated to understand and provide for the needs of their residents. It is an exciting time, a time for creative local solutions to usher in a new generation of innovation as the Internet continues to transform all aspects of society.    Next Century cities recently developed a policy agenda showing how mu stakeholders can help communities develop the crucial infrastructure needed today. Consistent with our mission, this new resource provides guidance that will be useful to communities regardless of how they choose to pursue their broadband goals.    Part of the policy agenda looks at steps local and State government can use to ensure high-quality access. Locally, governments can institute ``dig-once'' policies that minimize disruption as well as take other steps to ensure their cities are fiber ready.    At the State level, the policy agenda addresses changes such as modernizing State regulations and making investments in the middle mile infrastructure. But we are here on Capitol Hill today, and I wanted to emphasize some recommendations we heard from mayors about steps the Federal Government could take to help empower local communities. First and foremost, Congress can encourage competitive local markets through national legislation and other avenues. In addition, you have the ability to provide a national platform for the issue of broadband as necessary infrastructure. Hearings such as this help to elevate this discussion and attract national attention to this critical issue.    And finally, the policy agenda discusses how Congress could better require information about available Internet access including speed of connection, price for consumers, and areas of operation for service providers.    As is clear from everything we have heard so far today, the need for fast, affordable and reliable broadband Internet access is undeniable. Innovative leaders in communities across the country recognize this urgent need and are developing the critical broadband infrastructure that will allow their residents and their cities to thrive. It is evident by the over 100 Next Century Cities I am speaking on behalf of today, communities that represent over 18 million Americans.    Thank you for providing this platform for communities to share their experiences and develop opportunities for collaboration with Federal policymakers. I look forward to working with members of this committee and your colleagues to ensure that communities across the country have the next-generation access that all Americans need and deserve.    Thank you.    Ms. Socia. I think that the interesting thing about--when you think about profit, I think that is a problem across the board with building out to these more rural locations and therefore requires an influx of capital. There just isn't a way to do this without support. But I think the ways that our cities are looking at what is a profit are a little bit different than the ways that a company might look at what a profit is, right? So it is about education, it is about public safety, it is about economic development and transportation and all of these opportunities that are presented when you have access. And so what is that worth and how do we ensure that our tribal lands and our rural communities can benefit in the same ways that other communities are able to?    Ms. Socia. We support whatever it is our local communities need to do in order to get where they are going. So----    Ms. Socia. OK.    Ms. Socia. I understand.    Ms. Socia. Many, many of our mayors signed on to a letter we sent to the FCC in support of the preemption. The two cities that filed petitions, Chattanooga and Wilson, are two of our cities, and we have--we believe deeply in the idea that competition is important and we believe deeply in the idea that local folks should be able to solve their local problems in a way that makes sense to them.    Ms. Socia. Really interesting work has been done all over the country, as you suggested. Many of our cities are using smart infrastructure to do really interesting work, determine particulates in the air and checking asthma rates and using streetlights that also have cameras in them for public safety. We are seeing a lot more of that happen, and I think there are barriers for cities to doing this work as well, and some of them are the State regulations that prohibit their building out their own infrastructure, and in some case, it is, as was mentioned earlier, issues of how densely populated, the circumstances of their current financial situation. All of those things impact the capacity of a city to actually build out their own.