    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Surely my colleague did not mean to suggest that those of us who have a different opinion on guns are communists.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. Mr. Horowitz, how many firearms are lost or unaccounted for every year in Federal possession?    Mr. Connolly. Well ----    Mr. Connolly. Does anyone on the panel know? Well, surely it is dwarfed by the number of firearms lost in private hands, is it not? Anybody? Well, there are 230,000 private firearms lost or stolen every year. Does that sound right to anybody on the panel or ----    Mr. Connolly. Well, Mr. Horowitz, the point of this hearing by the majority, references to communism notwithstanding, is to try to prove that the Federal Government is reckless, and even by implication, talking about repetition of untruths, that the Federal Government might itself be culpable frankly for gun violence and gun deaths in America. And therefore, it is relevant to the topic to understand what percentage total firearms possessed by the Federal Government, and of that total, how many are lost or unaccounted for relative to the number of guns in private hands throughout the country that are lost or stolen every year. And it is rather self-evident that the latter dwarfs the former. And being prepared for that argument might have been helpful as you all prepared to come here today on a subject that has been in the headlines.    I just came from the steps of the Capitol to have a colleague talk about a point of view on guns as a lie that gets repeated like the communists did. I would welcome bringing some of my colleagues who apparently hold that view to the steps of the Capitol where we heard a mother describe her estranged husband, drunk and abusive, came to the home, shot her multiple times and killed her 10-year-old daughter, who died in her arms as her mother held her trying to understand and still recovering from the trauma, of course, of that incident. He got a gun online with no background check, no approval, not from the Federal Government, easy to possess by getting online.    Here in the Congress, we had a sit-in last week not for the sake of making a political point but for the sake of trying to give witness to tens of thousands of victims of gun violence in America, the overwhelming majority of whom were felled by guns in private hands, some legal, some not, some stolen, some purchased. And this is an epidemic in the United States. We are losing over 30,000 people a year to gun violence not because of the Federal Government losing weapons.    So in that sense I don't know whether this hearing is doing us a service to the greater debate, but I certainly want to assert as vigorously as I can that this is a point of view that is growing and that is not based on falsehoods or distortions. It is based on the underlying fact that every 2 years we lose more Americans to gun violence in this country than we did in the entirety of the Vietnam War.    I yield back.