    Mr. Smith. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for bringing these bills before the committee and for your leadership on the trafficking bill. I think that is a very timely bill. The GAO report adds exclamation points to what this will seek to accomplish, the one that was done just a few months ago. So thank you for that leadership.    You know, on the whole idea of exploiting workers and falsifying recruitment procedures as well as recruitment fees, this has been a problem that has plagued our own procurement process. I held a series of hearings, Mr. Chairman, and two of them were joint hearings; one with Duncan Hunter when he was the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and the other with John McHugh when he was a subcommittee chairman. And we were able to probe and discover very, very egregious practices on the part of our own procurement, whereby contractors as well as recruitment people in Jordan and elsewhere were inviting people to come to work for us, only to be told once they got here that they couldn't leave. They were in substandard housing. Their passports were taken away from them, and then they were living in despicable circumstances and getting pay that was nowhere near what they were earning--or should have earned--and what they were promised.    It fits the definition of a labor trafficking offense. We have pressed repeatedly that in all procurement, across the board in the United States Government, that we set the standard, not be part of the problem but be part of the solution when it comes to purchasing and when it comes to employing people, particularly overseas. It has not been a good record. And, again, this I think helps us get further information, further clarification about how we can do much better.    I would also point out that, in 2003, when we did the reauthorization of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, legislation that I was the author of, the act had specific language about contracting; and if a contractor is complicit in human trafficking, that not only are we able to take that contract away from them in a very expeditious way, but we will hold all those who are complicit in that trafficking labor or sex trafficking to account criminally so that we can bring charges against them. Again, you now bring further push, amplification, light, and scrutiny to what has not been a very good or well-executed policy, and I thank you for it.    Mr. Smith. Just briefly on the Boko Haram issue if I could. And Boko Haram, we can't say enough about how bad Boko Haram is, how lethal, how radical they are. They are radical Islamists. I have been, along with my staff director, Greg Simpkins. We have been to places like Jos. Jos is a place where several churches were firebombed, and I met with, as did Greg, with the survivors. And to hear them tell their stories about how they were targeted simply because they were Christians, no other reason. We had a man testify. I met him in an IDP camp in Jos. Adamu, his name was, and he was taken out of his house--he lived in the north--an AK-47 was put to his jaw and he was told, You renounce your faith in Christ, or I will blow your head off. Well, he said, I am willing to meet my Savior, and I am not going to renounce my faith. The Boko Haram terrorist pulled the trigger, blew the entire side of his face off.    When I met him, I was in awe of his courage, his faith, so we invited him here. He came and gave testimony, and Members who were there, you could have heard a pin drop when he explained what it is that he went through and the love, even after that, that he holds for those who were his tormenters. He has forgiven them. He wants them to stop, obviously, because this, like ISIS and like these other radical Islamists, like al-Shabaab and others, are on a tear to destroy Christianity, to destroy moderate Muslims as well.    So we need in this committee--and I thank you for doing this--to continually bring forward resolutions, statements, expressions, debate time, on Boko Haram. Let me also say, and I asked Secretary of State this just a couple of days ago, I think we are failing in our obligation to provide the training that the Nigerian military needs in order to operate an effective counterinsurgency operation. I have met with the people who do it in our Embassy in Abuja, wonderful military people. I have met with the military of Nigeria. I met with the Foreign Minister of Nigeria most recently, and I was encouraged by the Secretary's statement that this needs to be gotten back on track. But it has been slow. And it has not been as expansive enough.    There was a false statement made earlier in this debate by several that we couldn't vet sufficient numbers of Nigerian military pursuant to the Leahy amendment. So I convened a hearing on that, and we heard from not only a number of human rights organizations, but we also heard from the administration. And they said at least 50 percent of the Nigerian military could pass muster under the Leahy provision. So let's do it. They don't want our troops. They do need certain weapons and night-vision goggles and the like because we know Boko Haram often operates at night. But let's train these men and women and their officer corps so they can protect these children who are being abducted, the boys being killed, the young girls being abducted like the Chibok schoolgirls. I have met several of the lucky ones, the Chibok schoolgirls, both in Nigeria and a few that have made it here, to hear them tell their stories. It is just frightening, the horror that they live with, the PTSD that they now have to cope with in the middle of the night when they think of what that was like to have been taken hostage by this terrorist group.    The Nigerian military is capable. I have seen them, Mr. Chairman, all over the world, especially in Africa, but also in places like Sarajevo during the Balkan wars as peacekeepers. They have stepped up to the plate time and again. In Darfur, I was with a Nigerian group who were peacekeepers. They have done a very good job, but the skill set that they have needs to be ramped up. We are not doing it. So, again, I appeal to the administration. We need to work this out. I pleaded with them, let's get a jointness going with their military and get this training up and running to mitigate this threat and hopefully to abolish it.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman.