    Mr. Curry. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for this opportunity to provide the views of the OCC on the functions and operations of the FSOC.    The OCC charters, regulates, and supervises national banks and Federal savings associations. These banks range from small community banks to multitrillion dollar institutions that are among the world's largest financial companies. Together, they hold nearly $11 trillion in assets, or just over two-thirds of the industry's total.    The OCC's mission is to ensure that these banks operate in a safe and sound manner, provide fair access to financial services, treat customers fairly, and comply with applicable laws and regulations. As the only Federal financial regulator with prudential regulation as its primary focus, the OCC has specialized knowledge about the safe and sound operations of banks.    In 2010, as part of the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress established the FSOC to identify, monitor, and respond to systemic risk. The Council brings together its member agencies to fulfill this critical mission. Through its committees and staff, the FSOC provides a formal, structured process for communicating, coordinating and responding to emerging market, industry, and regulatory developments as well as to unforeseen events.    As one of the FSOC's 10 voting members, the OCC brings considerable expertise to the Council. Our examiners monitor several areas of financial risk in the banking sector every day, including credit, liquidity, interest rate, and operational risk. These are among the risks that the FSOC reviews in its evaluation of systemic risks with respect to non-bank financial companies and financial market utilities.    Similarly, as many of the institutions we supervise are engaged in asset management activities, the OCC's expertise in this area is also quite robust. Since its establishment, the Council has demonstrated a sustained commitment to working collaboratively to fulfill its statutory mission.    Council members and their staffs have developed strong working relationships and the Council provides a constructive forum to hold candid conversations, share confidential market sensitive information, and ask the tough questions that help make the U.S. financial system safer.    The Council has also made positive strides in enhancing its transparency both to the general public and to the companies under consideration for designation. Dodd-Frank provides the FSOC with important duties and responsibilities to promote the stability of the U.S. financial system. The issues that the Council confronts in carrying out these duties are by their nature complex and far-reaching.    My written testimony includes additional information about the specific mandates Congress has given the FSOC and a discussion of some of the important actions the Council has undertaken recently. For our part, the OCC is strongly committed to helping the Council achieve its mission.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to appear today, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Curry. Thank you, Congressman. There is an extensive amount of material presented to me as a member of the FSOC in connection with any designation. And there is actually a fairly elaborate process of three stages by which that information is developed.    Stage one is from publicly available information or from contacts with supervisors. Stage two, which gives notice to and engages an institution under consideration the opportunity to engage with the Council staff and our designation committee.    And then finally, stage three, where there is extensive communication and development of analysis and records for the Council's consideration.    Mr. Curry. There is an ongoing dialogue with the company as to what its plans are, what its strategic or structural changes are. And that will continue at an annual review or sooner. A decision will be made once those plans have been actually executed.    Mr. Curry. Congresswoman Maloney, I agree with my colleagues. I think in order to assess, especially the interconnected aspects of the financial system, you have to assume that it is in a period of stress. I also think there is some textural support within the statutory standard to take that approach.    And in terms of what we would look to for the range of historical experience, I think the 2008 crisis certainly stands out in terms of its significance, its breadth, and what I think people never would have assumed would be the underlying source of it or the spark, the housing crisis. And I think that would be our approach.    Mr. Curry. Congressman, I think the number one protection in the clearinghouse context is really that the member bank be strongly capitalized and be able to perform in adverse circumstances.    So having strong capital ratios really is a fundamental part of our regulatory structure and the safety and soundness of the system, including the clearing of swaps.    I want to point out that a leverage ratio is not by definition a risk-based measure. So by definition, it would be inconsistent to import measures of exposure or risk as a general matter.    Mr. Curry. Congressman, the FSOC actually is looking at, and this is referenced in our annual report, some of the consequences of changes within the marketplace, including regulatory changes. There are behaviors that have changed. Institutions have either left or entered different types of business, the impact of non-banks.    Those are all things that we have identified as emerging or potential emerging risks that require further monitoring, and if necessary, potential action down the road.    Mr. Curry. Congressman, the OCC supervises a range of institutions: small rural banks to globally active banks. We are very concerned about the regulatory burden, particularly on community banks. The FSOC is not necessarily the forum where we discuss reducing regulatory burden. We do that on the banking and credit union side on the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC).    We really are concerned about the impact the EGRPRA process really is designed to reduce regulatory--    Mr. Curry. Definitely, definitely--    Mr. Curry. Yes. As a supervisor of a number of regional or mid-sized institutions we place a great deal of value on collaboration and coordination with our other regulatory agencies. And I would include the Fed, the FDIC and the CFPB. It is really a regulatory imperative to make sure we are working together and not--    Mr. Curry. No.    Mr. Curry. I will start in terms of what we do with minority-owned institutions and populations. In terms of minority depository institutions, I have an advisory committee that advises me on the issues facing those committees, how we can help alleviate those issues through technical assistance and other means that are mandated by the statute.    As a bank regulatory agency we also enforce the Community Reinvestment Act, which has a direct impact on low- to moderate-income communities. And we have active outreach efforts associated with that in both banks and interested groups.    Mr. Curry. Three times.    Mr. Curry. Since my appointment in 2012.    Mr. Curry. I would agree completely with Chairman Gruenberg. Cybersecurity is a number one concern, both as Comptroller and as a member of the FSOC.    I think the ramifications of a successful attack on the core systems of financial institutions, regardless of their size, could really undermine public confidence in our entire banking system. And that is really why it is imperative from a regulatory standpoint to make sure all of our banks, from the smallest to the largest, are prepared to repel attacks and are in a position to respond as quickly as possible in the event of a successful intrusion.    The chairman also mentioned, and it is in the FSOC annual report, increased risk-taking in a low yield environment. We are very concerned about the decisions that the financial institutions we supervise are taking today, whether it is to go along or to get into activities that they are either unfamiliar with or not prepared to deal with the risks that are inherent in those activities. We think that is a potential emerging risk for individual institutions and for the system.    Mr. Curry. Congressman, as we discussed, I think there are a variety of reasons why individual institutions are making determinations about what their risk tolerance is under the Bank Secrecy Act and the anti-money laundering statutes.    In terms of regulatory clarity, we have tried to make clear what our expectations are. We did put out in 2014 additional guidance on dealing with money services businesses, but ultimately it is the decision of the individual institution whether or not to do business with an individual business or individual.    Mr. Curry. I think those are very good improvements. As we discussed, it is important that there be a strong local banking system and the regulatory system overseeing its compliance with important laws like the BSA.    Mr. Curry. Again, from the FSOC's standpoint we have identified as one of our emerging risks the financial innovation and migration of activities. So it is an area that we are discussing. And I think we will devote additional attention to those issues.    As the Comptroller, we are very interested in this because of the impact of financial technology and innovation on the delivery of banking services--    Mr. Curry. Sure.    Mr. Curry. Actually, I am calling for fostering responsible innovation.    Mr. Curry. It actually is. The OCC supervises approximately 1,700 banks. The majority of them are community banks. A major focus of my tenure as Comptroller is to look at and make sure we have a strong, viable community banking sector.    I think we are very fortunate to have a diverse banking system in the United States. We have looked at the burdens particularly facing community banks. We have identified some areas where we think we can make a difference, whether it is call-report reform or capital reform.    At the OCC, we are really looking at how can we reduce the cost structure. So we put out a White Paper a little over a year ago, encouraging from a regulatory standpoint, banks, particularly smaller banks in rural communities, to collaborate, whether it is a joint venture, sharing employees, working on participation, so that they can continue to be viable entities and serve their communities.    Mr. Curry. Yes.    Mr. Curry. What we are trying to do is really make sure there is a balance between appropriate supervisory standards in how we supervise those institutions, so that banks can continue to lend and be leaders in their communities going forward.    Mr. Curry. I think the primary area where we are addressing that for community banks is at the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, which State and Federal bank and credit union regulators are part of. That is really part of the mission of the FFIEC.    Mr. Curry. Yes, I do.    Mr. Curry. There is a cliff effect for the holding company under Section 165 of Dodd-Frank. So it will trigger heightened capital liquidity and other standards because it has crossed that threshold.    Mr. Curry. Again, I am the supervisor of the bank--    Mr. Curry. That is what I want to clarify. As we supervise the bank part of the holding company, we are not driven by the asset figure in terms of how we supervise that institution.    Mr. Curry. An asset threshold is initial, it has some value as initial or a first screen. So you can make some general observations about some institutions, that a certain asset size level may or may not be engaged in a particular activity.    As I stated in my earlier testimony, our focus as a supervisor is on that particular institution, the particular activities it is engaged in, and what are the risks that those activities present. And then we deal with our individualized or tailored plan of supervision according to that analysis and assessment.    Mr. Curry. I think it is an individualized determination. And again, I don't think that there is any magic to any asset threshold.    Mr. Curry. I supervise the banking subsidiary, and that is exactly what we do.    Mr. Curry. That is the effect of the statute, yes.    Mr. Curry. I understand.    Mr. Curry. As supervisor, that is what we would want to see, to make sure we have a safe and sound institution.    Mr. Curry. That is what we do as a matter of course, as a bank supervisor to the national bank.    Mr. Curry. Again, as stated in previous testimony, that is really a matter for Congress to decide what that initial first threshold is. In terms of my role as a supervisor of the bank, we will continue to apply a risk-based focus to our supervisory activities and standards.    Mr. Curry. To my knowledge, there is no evidence of that, Congressman. It is something that we would assess in the course of our compliance examinations for the Community Reinvestment Act.