    Ms. Burich. Good morning, Chairman and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for having me.    Ms. Burich. It is on.    Ms. Burich. Yes. OK. I am Meg Burich here on behalf of Adidas Digital Sports, and I am Director of Marketing and Commercial Development.    Adidas Digital Sports is the business unit within Adidas that drives the development of wearable technology. Our team consists of technology experts in the fields of data science, experience design, industrial design, algorithm development, software and hardware engineering. We have centers of excellence located in Portland, Oregon, Chadds Ford, PA, and Herzogenaurach, Germany where our headquarters is.    We have been active in the wearable space for over 15 years, with the first commercial launch of sensor-enabled footwear in 2001, and the introduction of real-time coaching under the Adidas miCoach brand in 2008. MiCoach offers real-time coaching to users, enabling them to achieve their goals by training with heart rate, speed, and distance to run faster and further.    Today, we are repositioning our wearables offering to address the growing opportunity for the larger population to benefit from this technology. All these products are enabled by companion software applications designed for mobile or desktop.    I am going to go through three examples to demonstrate the range of applications for wearables in sports, fitness, and health, and the first one will be related to schools and school children.    Adidas is partnering with Interactive Health Technologies to make fitness personal for kids in phys ed classes. Instead of competing with each other, kids can wear an Adidas heart rate monitor that uses simple color zones to guide them through a fitness challenge. Wearable technology gives every kid the chance to know the good feeling that comes from a successful workout.    Next, I would like to cover the use of wearables in competitive and professional sports. We have a system. This is the jersey that athletes wear on the training field. Coaching software is coupled with this system, and coaches can see in real time what results are coming from the athletes on the field. So instead of just driving them to train as hard as they can, they are really trying to train them in a smarter way, and in professional sports, there is kind of a fine line between peak performance and injury, so you want to really have this data to help you tell when you are really stressing an athlete versus when you are coaching him to the level where he can perform better.    Adidas uses in-depth experience with professional athletes and coaches to understand the cutting edge of performance. We also believe that all athletes and fitness participants deserve the best coaching, so we take what we learn working with the elite athletes, and then we translate that to smart systems for consumers, because consumers don't always have the option to hire a professional trainer. So we are making those consumer systems smart systems based on what we know about the cutting edge of coaching.    The third use case that I am going to go into focuses on women, and this is kind of a pivot for us in terms of how we see the market and the opportunity. Today, we know that women are managing their own health, and they have multi-generational influence. They are supporting healthcare decisions of their families and of their parents sometimes, so they are really kind of that officer of health.    These women are also the main users of fitness apps and devices. They are participating in digital social communities that help them stay engaged in their fitness routine. They may be going for a daily walk, getting ready for a 5K, or training for a marathon, but we have coaching solutions that will help them achieve their goal.    We have been talking a lot to women and researching their needs to understand what they are looking for, and basically, women are saying step counting is not enough. When they have a step counter, they either lose it or they drop it within 3 to 6 months. In fact, nearly 40 percent stop using it after 6 months. So we know they are looking for insights beyond how many steps they took. They really want the picture of their whole health, and managing it in a proactive way is important to them, so they are looking for tips on nutrition, they are looking for exercise tips, they are looking for guidance for how much to move during the day, how much they should sleep, and how that connects to their whole health and wellness.    So we know it is hard to stick to an exercise routine, and we are looking at how we can help women through digital wearables and digital experiences to stick with their exercise routine throughout their life, because we know that has an overall impact on health, disease prevention, and keeping people well. So we really believe that wearables is in its infancy, and wearables 2.0 is where we need to go, connecting consumers to health care and keeping them kind of on the wellness side. Thank you.    Ms. Burich. Yes. We look at the market in terms of like team sports and individual sports or individual----    Ms. Burich. We look at the market in terms of like team sports, organized sports, which is what you are referring to, and then individual use for fitness, so where we have our elite system, it is very sophisticated, and there is definitely an opportunity to translate it for youth sports, and I would say recreational team sports to high school, even colleges who can't afford the solution today. So that is a development and an opportunity for growth, and again, it is something that the technology and capability is there and it should be accessible to more--to broader population.    And then, I think, just connecting that down, there is probably--it turns into more of the individual use case where you want kids in phys ed to be using technology so that it is--they are not--so that you are giving them the right amount of exercise for their fitness condition, and you are not overstressing them.    Ms. Burich. They like it.    Ms. Burich. I would say in that space, we are providing a piece of a system that our partners are providing them to the schools. I don't know how much research they have done in that area. I know they have done research and they have positive findings from the use of technology related to attendance and kids' grades and other things that this is impacting.    Ms. Burich. I can take it.    Incentive. I think there is a lot of data that shows that when you use a wearable, it can really help you stay on your fitness journey longer. I mean, there is also data that shows the more active and fit you are, it prevents disease, it keeps you out of the healthcare system. So it is a proactive way to manage your health.    Ms. Burich. Yes, sure. And I think our coaches could wear that while their players are wearing this.    Ms. Burich. This the Elite jersey that professional athletes wear on the field that contains some sophisticated sensors in this pod that goes in the back of a shirt. And then there is integrated heart rate sensing.    So in terms of compliance, it is important to put it all into one wearable that they can put on and not worry about, that goes through consumer laundry or laundry without any special care. So that is the Elite.    Ms. Burich. Without this.    Ms. Burich. You can put this through the laundry.    Ms. Burich. Yes. And then these are some of our hardware devices for the consumer market, a high-end running watch and kind of a mainstream fitness device that also has step counting on there. And I think that is the critical thing, is that throughout the day you need to be getting intensity, frequency, and volume in terms of your exercise. So we are learning that it is not just about your workout, it is about what you are doing all day.    And then these garments are the translation of the Elite for consumers. So you can, again, just snap in a heart rate monitor. It is directly reading your heart rate off your chest. These are FDA approved in terms of the sensors, so wearable for consumer population as well.