    Mr. Johnson. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Fudge, members of the subcommittee. My name is Tim Johnson, and I serve as senior director of governmental relations for the NCCER. Thank you for letting us participate in this hearing this morning.    NCCER is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) educational foundation created in 1996 as the National Center for Construction Education and Research. It was developed with the support of more than 125 construction CEOs and various associations, including the Associated Builders & Contractors and the Associated General Contractors, and academic leaders, who united to revolutionize training for the construction industry.    Sharing the common goal of developing a safe and productive workforce, these companies and their organizations created a standardized training and credentialing program for the commercial and industrial construction industries. This progressive program has evolved into curriculum in more than 70 craft areas and a complete series of more than 70 assessments offered by 700 NCCER accredited sponsors in more than 5,000 training locations across the United States. The NCCER programs and processes annually engage more than a half a million--500,000--individuals.    Our Board of Trustees is a who's who of industry: ExxonMobile, Shell, DuPont, Bechtel, Fluor, Jacobs, Turner Industries, Performance Contractors, ISC Constructors. We also have board members from organizations--great organizations--like Skills USA and the Association for Career and Technical Education.    NCCER develops standardized construction and maintenance curricula and assessments with portable credentials. These credentials are tracked through our registry and allow organizations and companies to confirm the qualifications of their craft professionals and/or check the qualifications of possible new hires. NCCER's registry also assists craft professionals by maintaining their records in a secure database.    Our workforce development process of accreditation, instructor certification, standardized curriculum, registry, and assessment certification is a key component in the construction industry's workforce development efforts. NCCER also drives multiple initiatives to enhance career development and recruitment efforts for the industry, primarily through our Build Your Future campaign.    NCCER is headquartered in Alachua, Florida, and is affiliated with the University of Florida's M.E. Rinker School of Construction Management. And I will tell you, as a proud LSU Tiger, that's sometimes difficult for me to say.    The NCCER is a believer in and supporter of career and technical education. We believe that CTE is being transformed across the United States and great pockets of excellence have been created. Our challenge is to take these pockets of excellence and turn them into standard practices based on regional and specific needs.    We must place additional focus on what I call the Four P's of CTE: Public policy and public perception. The focus of my remarks today will be the critically important link between industry-specific needs and the education and training that CTE programs provide.    All of the NCCER programs and processes are driven directly by our industry partners. Our 70-plus craft curriculum titles are developed and regularly updated by construction industry subject matter experts. For example, our process identifies and brings together some of the premier electricians in the United States to originally develop and constantly update our electrical programs. We must ensure that what is being taught includes the very latest technology and practices in all of our programs. The NCCER does just that.    We are working in other ways to more closely link industry and education. We have developed the Construction Career Pathways initiative to provide guidance, best practices, and practical tools that can be used by industry and education to connect. This initiative has created an online connection map that allows industry representatives and educators to connect locally. By providing a fillable form to list contact information and needs, local teachers can find contractors in their area that are willing to help with their programs through presentations, curriculum guidance, and/or career events.    We also know that successful CTE programs must identify and employ skilled and capable instructors. I had the great pleasure of managing a large, privately funded craft training program for a number of years and I learned very quickly that instructors are the lifeblood of any training program. I say often that it is easier to turn a pipe fitter into a teacher than it is to turn a teacher into a pipe fitter. That means no disrespect for professional educators. I come from a family of them.    The key to CTE is to find skilled professionals who have some communication skills and provide them with the instructional training and resources they need. The NCCER does this through our Instructor Certification Training Program and our Master Training Program, and these programs ensure that individuals who instruct in our accredited programs have the craft and teaching skills to bring learning to life for their students.    In my home State of Louisiana, where more than $80 billion of industrial development expansion has been announced, the NCCER is helping to drive great collaboration between industry, the contractors who build and maintain their facilities, educational providers, State government agencies. The Louisiana Department of Education, K through 12, and the Louisiana Community and Technical College System are both accredited by the NCCER to provide our programs and processes.    The NCCER has developed into one of the premier workforce development organizations in the United States, and that success can be directly linked to the fact that we are and have been from our inception specifically driven by industry needs.    We look forward to your questions.    Mr. Johnson. I did. Thank you, Mr. Scott. Because I think that's part of this public perception that we have to deal with in CTE. We used to think that, you know, if you're bright you go to the 4-year university, if you're not you go into some other track. I will tell you that a good layout pipe fitter will do as many mathematic calculations in his or her workdays as an engineer will do, and they are no less critically important.    And so we've got to change that perception, and the CTE programs that provide those basic skills have to do it.    Two things. One is that we use terminology often as well. We refer to CTE track programs as middle-skill jobs. I can tell you that a highly trained combination welder does not have middle skills. That individual has very high-level skills. And so just the words that we use sometimes we need to think about in terms of the perception of career and technical education.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I think there are probably a number of things, Ms. Fudge. I will tell you that if you look in the industrial sector, particularly along the Gulf Coast, one of the major struggles that we have is that there is so much expansion going on and there is such availability for high-wage jobs that many instructors who may have retired and gone into CTE have decided to go back on their tools because they can simply make more money.    And so a part of it is helping to identify those existing craft professionals, those retired craft professionals who might be willing to be instructors. But certainly being able to pay them at a rate that makes it attractive to them is a critical part of that effort. We have programs in place to begin to help us identify those individuals who might be interested in becoming instructors now, but certainly the pay rate is one of the issues that we face.    Mr. Johnson. I think that's becoming more universal, the technical college. But we think about that as well. We talk about at the technical college there are four credit courses and, quote, ``noncredit courses,'' right? And so if I'm in an entry-based certification and I'm going through the process and you tell me that my course is not for credit, what kind of imagine does that display?    So those are the kind of terms, the kind of words that I think we need to think very carefully about and look to change how we characterize career and technical education. Changing from, you know, vo-tech to technical college is a very critical thing that we do, but we must continue that process so that we look at it differently.    Mr. Johnson. Yeah.    Mr. Johnson. Exactly right.    Mr. Johnson. We work very closely with industry through the NCCER and most of our programs also do. It's critical to make that connection. If we think about projecting jobs that will be available, as you are doing in your State, we've got to get those employers engaged at a high level.    I will tell you that I've been in the workforce development game for over 20 years now, and I think we've done more to change perception and more to connect employers with education over the last 3 or 4 years than we did in the previous 15 or 16 that I was involved in it.    So I think we're headed in the right direction. There's more work to do, but any time we can link an employer directly to a--    Mr. Johnson. I would just say quickly too, Louisiana Community and Technical College System is seeing that in a big way. Process technicians are in huge demand for industry in Louisiana. That's a 2-year associate degree generally. They created a program within the Community and Technical College System that says that if you have a bachelor's degree you can now come back and get that associate degree in 16 weeks because of the other academic accomplishments that you have. So innovative programs like that that allow those bachelor degree individuals to come back and get their training quickly.    Mr. Johnson. SkillsUSA students graduate at a 95 percent rate. Those individuals who are involved in SkillsUSA programs, those CTE programs across the United States, their graduation rates are up at 95 percent. It's a proven winner.    Mr. Johnson. I would recommend that you go the NCCER's career awareness site, BYF.org, that's Build Your Future. There are a ton of resources there that do exactly what you're talking about.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I think part of it is having a clearer recognition about career paths and what's available. We've created a culture that says if you want to be successful you graduate from high school, you go directly into a 4-year university, you get a degree, and you go to work. And I think that there are so many more pathways.    We talk about electricians all the time. What if a young man or young woman is thinking that maybe they would like to be an electrical engineer at some point? What better preparation could they possibly have than to get into a CTE program and become a practicing electrician for a few years, save their money, understand what it's like to work in the field, then go back in to pursue their degree? What advantage does that individual then have over the rest of the individuals in that program that have come right out of high school and gone into that career track?    So I think a lot of it has to do with understanding clearly about career paths and flexibility within career paths. I don't think we talk about that enough. So we've all talked specifically about the need to ensure that basic education. When we talk about CTE, we're never asking for less rigor. We generally ask for more relevance, right? I mentioned before, that pipe fitter's got to know as much math as the engineer does.    So I think that the answer to that is more clear understanding of the potential that's out there in each individual career path.    Mr. Johnson. Well, if you look at the way NCCER programs are delivered, they are delivered, you know, obviously at the local level by skilled craftspeople who have gone through an instructor certification and training program very closely tied into construction companies that hire the individuals that go through our programs. I don't know of any other way for us to do it, quite frankly, than to be closely partnered with the practitioners, with the companies, with the individual skilled folks.    Just a note. We have a lot of available jobs in the State of Louisiana as well, a lot of industrial expansion going on there. I've seen a study from the Louisiana Community and Technical College System that says of the tier one jobs, that's our five-star and four-star jobs, these are the best jobs available in Louisiana, some 15,000 to 20,000 a year for the next 5 years, 85 percent of them require something less than a 4-year college degree.    Now, all of them require something more than a high school diploma, an industry-based certification or associate degree, but 85 percent of them require something less than a 4-year college degree. So we have to engage those practitioners to develop those skills and we're doing that in a significant way.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I've said often that you can be the best pipe fitter in the world. It doesn't necessarily mean you can teach pipe fitting, right? I mean, there are some very specific instructional capabilities, communication skills, motivational skills, the ability to connect and attach.    I think if you look at the way the NCCER programs are laid out, generally in four levels, if you are in the core curriculum level one, the demand on you in terms of your overall craft skill maybe is not as high, and so we can make some allowances at those levels when we're teaching those at, say, the K-12, the secondary level, that maybe that individual does not need to be what we would call an A level or journey level crafts person.    But as we get up into those higher levels, those levels three and four, particularly in private programs and at the community and technical colleges, we need to make sure that those individuals have the relevant skills and abilities and have been in the industry so that they're attached to what's going on.    Mr. Johnson. Can't improve on what's been said.