    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, Chairman Rokita, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Fudge, and Ranking Member Scott for the opportunity to speak here today on the supplement not supplant provision in the Every Student Succeeds Act.    And I just want to note that I bring here today my perspective as a former teacher and special ed aide as well. That is how I started my career in education, and that is something I bring with me wherever I go.    As you all know, in 1965, Congress designed Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to provide additional resources to disadvantaged students in poor schools. Within years, it was clear that poor students did not receive their fair share of resources.    To address this inequity, Congress soon after approved the first supplement not supplant provision to ensure that districts did not use Federal money to replace State and local dollars.    On September 6 of this year, the Department of Education issued draft regulations on ESSA's updated supplement not supplant provision taking another important step towards fulfilling the law's requirements.    But before I dive into the research and policy, I just want to step back and note that we are not considering here just dry academic questions. Even as we sit here today, in too many schools across the country, too many low-income students are in crumbling schools without access to effective and experienced teachers. They do not have rigorous courses. They do not have the wrap around services that they need to be successful.    In fact, just two weeks ago in Baltimore, on a hot September day, every school closed early because those schools did not have air conditioning and those students lost valuable learning time.    As Ranking Member Fudge said earlier, money matters in education. It matters particularly for students from low-income families. This is common sense, and it is supported by a growing body of research.    For low-income students, a 10 percent increase in spending increased adult wages by nearly 10 percent. Another study found that greater State spending on low-income students dramatically improved student learning in both reading and in math. Students in poorer schools, however, continue to receive less than their richer peers.    The Department of Education found in approximately 1,500 school districts across the country, about 5,700 schools receive on average $440,000 less per year than wealthier schools in the same district. That is a lot of money, $440,000 could let a school hire 8 new guidance counselors, it could give a $10,000 bonus to 40 teachers.    This inequity also happens across districts, and while there is significant variation between States, high poverty districts on average spend 15 percent less per pupil than low poverty districts.    In Pennsylvania, where I grew up, poorer school districts spent 33 percent less per pupil than wealthier districts in the State.    As a result of these policies, children of color often suffer the most. Compared to high poverty and high minority schools,w wealthier and low minority schools offer more rigorous core programs. Wealthier schools are twice as likely to offer a full range of math and science courses, they offer three times as many AP courses, and they are twice as likely to offer dual enrollment opportunities.    But again, these are not just facts and figures. Every day real kids walk into real schools with so few resources that every single one of us would find them unacceptable for our own child.    In one Detroit elementary and middle school, black mold covers the gym floor and ceilings are full of exposed wires. In the William Penn School District, just down the road from where I grew up, students like Jameria Miller ``race to class to get the best blankets'' because they needed to stay warm since the school's metal walls have no insulation.    From the passage of the original ESEA in 1965, the Federal Government's role has been to protect historically disadvantaged students and ensure they have the same opportunities as their more advantaged peers. Beginning with the original supplement not supplant provision, the Federal Government has had a responsibility to enforce this requirement of the law, and today's ESSA is no different.    Districts have historically shown compliance with the supplement not supplant requirement by ensuring that every service purchased with Title I funds was ``supplemental'' and would not have been provided otherwise, and this meant that districts often limited their spending to programs they could easily show were supplemental and not necessarily programs that were the most impactful, and Congress rightly with the new law stopped that shortsighted practice. They did not make districts justify every purchase.    Now instead, districts must demonstrate that their methods of funding make sure that poorer schools get their fair share.    Recognizing that these historical funding inequities are a problem without an easy solution, the new regulation provides multiple options for districts to demonstrate compliance, and States can develop their own compliance tests.    There is additional flexibility for schools serving lots of students with disabilities, lots of English learners, districts with small schools or schools with a single grade span. And there is plenty of time to comply.    While this change will require extra efforts from school districts, it does not mean that they will have to use completely new strategies to distribute their school funding. Ninety percent of districts will already be in compliance. That does not mean we can rest on our laurels. Those 10 percent of districts have to do the hard work to show they are fairly supporting low-income schools, and they have to do that with State and local funds before the Federal dollars, but this hard work is worth it.    We know these funding inequities remain. We know that money matters, and the department's regulations give flexible options and time to comply so that districts can be thoughtful about investing as part of their broader plan to support students in need.    Thank you again for the opportunity to be here today.    Mr. Sargrad. Yes, that is right.    Mr. Sargrad. Yes, that is very clear.    Mr. Sargrad. That it moved from an activities and services based test to a funds based test, to ensure that schools received all the funds they are entitled to.    Mr. Sargrad. There is no limit, you could be significantly underfunded.    Mr. Sargrad. Yes, there are significant gaps in many districts.    Mr. Sargrad. It simply ensures that the Title I schools receive the State and local funds that they are entitled to.    Mr. Sargrad. That is right.    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, yes. So there are a couple of things that I would want to say to this, the first is that just like in the law, Congress decided to change to a funds based supplement not supplant test but did not go into specific details about how the department might enforce that requirement and how precisely districts would comply, our recommendation also was a policy recommendation that I think we anticipated, although I was not at the Center for American Progress in 2012--we anticipated an administration would need to go through rulemaking to interpret and to make sure atthe districts were complying.    The second point that I would make is that the recommendation around distribution of funds being Title I neutral, is that if that method results in shortchanging Title I schools, it seems pretty clear that is not Title I neutral, and so that is a key piece of the recommendation and a key piece of how we believe the law should be implemented.    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, Representative Bonamici, I am happy to talk about that. I absolutely agree with a lot of what folks have said here today, that forcing transfers of teachers is a bad idea. It is bad practice and it is not a good idea for students and it is not a good idea for teachers.    But this proposed regulation will not require districts to do that. There are multiple ways that districts can get additional resources to poor schools without moving teachers around. They could pay teachers more. They could provide incentives for teachers to teach in these hard to staff low-income schools. They could invest in these schools in wrap around services and make sure every low-income school has a guidance counselor and a school nurse and librarian, which many of them do not. They could extend the school day or extend the school year in these schools to make sure students have enough time to learn what they need to learn to be prepared for college or for a career.    And they can change their systems for funding, and they can move to things like weighted student funding formulas that provide additional resources for students with disabilities, low-income students, and English language learners.    So there are lots of ways to get these resources to the low-income schools, and I think the proposed rule does give time for districts to figure this out, and they do not have to make decisions right away about how they are going to do this, but they can be thoughtful about how they are going to make sure these schools get the resources that they need.    And I think to your question about the differences in districts, I think that is a really important point. And I think there are huge differences between a large urban district and a small rural district or a mid-sized suburban district, and they do have different options on how to comply with some of these requirements.    And I think it is absolutely right there is not a single test here. I think the fact that there are multiple options and there is additional flexibility for specific unique circumstances, and that there is an option for States to be able to develop their own test here is very important.    Mr. Sargrad. I would say that this is part the key piece of this supplement not supplant provision, and the department's regulation, that in 90 percent of districts, this is probably not an issue, but in 10 percent of districts, there are significant differences between low-income and high-income schools, and for those students, those differences really matter.    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, Representative Polis. So the department estimates, as you mentioned, that approximately 90 percent of districts have no Title I schools that are receiving less than their non-Title I counterparts. And that means that in a small subset of districts and with a certain number of schools, this is a significant problem, and as I mentioned, the department also estimates that these differences are about $440,000 per school.    But for the remainder of districts, they are already spending enough money in their non-Title I schools to meet this requirement, and combined with the flexibility that the regulation provides on a 5 percent buffer year to year on the spending, combined with flexibility for students with disabilities and English learners.    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, Representative Adams. I think that is a great question. There are two things that I think could happen. One is that districts will continue to be confused by this requirement just as they have been in the past. I think you have heard from a number of us today that the old supplement not supplant requirement really did not serve kids well because districts were so concerned about these audit requirements and there was not clear guidance and there were not clear regulations on this.    The second thing is that you could continue to see these inequities persist at the district level. As we have mentioned, this represents 1,500 districts, but there are a lot of students that there in those districts and a lot of students that this money could do real good for.    And if the department cannot enforce this requirement and districts continue to perpetuate those inequities, those students are going to lose.    Mr. Sargrad. I think, just to do a different analogy, maybe I would say what we want to do is to make sure just like the FDA is responsible for ensuring that all food is safe, we want to make sure the Federal Government has the responsibility for making sure all districts are spending the amount of money in their poor schools that those students deserve.    We do not tell the FDA to not monitor food safety across the country because it might only be in a handful of places there is a problem.    I think it is again a critical Federal role to make sure that all districts are meeting the responsibility that the law lays out, to say they are using the Federal funds to supplement and not supplant the local and State dollars.    Mr. Sargrad. Thank you, Ranking Member Fudge. I do not agree. I think that these special programs and these additional services that Mr. Owens and Dr. Canavero have talked about, career and technical education, arts and physical education, those are key and they are just as key for low-income students as they are for high-income students.    So I see no reason why non-Title I schools should have those opportunities and Title I schools should not.    Mr. Sargrad. I cannot see a reason why they would not want to. I think the information is certainly complicated, and I think Congress was right to include new transparency requirements in the law around this kind of spending.    And so, with those requirements, school districts are going to need to be more transparent around spending, and that will help them comply with this new supplement not supplant requirement.    Mr. Sargrad. I think the intent is very clear, to protect equity and improve achievement for all students, and particularly, disadvantaged students.