    Dr. Hotez. Mr. Chairman, Representative Castor, and members of the subcommittee, I thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak today. I'm Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine. I also head a product development partnership that makes neglected tropical disease vaccines that the big pharmaceutical companies won't make because they're vaccines for the diseases of the poorest people.    For my remarks about Zika today, I want to focus on my perspective living and working in the Gulf Coast of the United States, and our unique vulnerability to Zika epidemics, and why I believe that this spring or summer Zika could begin affecting pregnant women living in economically distressed areas of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida. And why I worry that by the end of this year we could see microcephaly cases appearing on the Gulf Coast. I also want to talk a little bit about some of the hurdles in vaccine development if there's time.    The reason I'm concerned particularly about the Gulf Coast is because the Gulf Coast is unique in that it's the only part of the United States with the possible exception of Tucson, Arizona that has the Aedes aegypti mosquito. That's the mosquito that's now mostly responsible for transmission all over Latin America and the Caribbean, so it's Aedes aegypti that we mostly have to be concerned about. But my other reason I'm concerned about the Gulf Coast, and one not really being talked about enough is extreme poverty. I mean, the reason why we're seeing Zika in Pernambuco State and Recife in Brazil is because that's the poorest area, one of the poorest areas of Brazil. It is the epicenter, not just of Zika, but all of Brazil's neglected tropical diseases. It's where we see lymphatic filariasis, that's where we see schistosomiasis. And the reason there's so much Zika there is when you--and it doesn't take much to understand it. You an just view one of the poor communities, you see no window screens, holes in the window screens, but it's also the environmental degradation around the area. You see discarded tires, you see plastic containers filled with water, and all of those factors combine to make the perfect storm, and why Pernambuco is such a deadly place in terms of microcephaly cases and Zika.    It's the same reason why I'm very worried about Haiti. I know we're mostly focusing on the United States, but I'd just like to make the point that I think Haiti is going to be decimated by Zika. UNICEF estimates there's 264,000 pregnant women every year in Haiti, so we could be looking at more than 100,000, maybe 200,000 pregnant women with Zika in their first or second trimester. We could be looking at tens of thousands of cases of microcephaly in Haiti, in a country that basically has no health system. So this is a humanitarian catastrophe that's unfolding in front of our eyes, and I really don't see any significant global action right now happening in Haiti.    And the reason I'm particularly worried about the U.S. Gulf Coast, dengue actually caused outbreaks in Houston in 2003, 2004, and 2005. That was worked on by our National School of Tropical Medicine. The reasons are clear, we have Aedes aegypti, but where this is most happening are in the poor areas of Houston, so the historic African American wards like the Fifth Ward in Houston where I can take you there just a minute off the highway. This is not hard to find, and what I'll show you are dilapidated housings with no window screens, holes in the window screens. You'll see discarded tires all along the side of the road filled with organic debris and water, and the Aedes aegypti mosquito likes nothing more than discarded tires along the side of the road.    Right now our Harris County Mosquito Control Division is finding Aedes aegypti mosquitoes. Those numbers are going to start to climb beginning April and into May, and I'm quite worried that we won't learn that there's going to be a Zika outbreak until we start seeing microcephaly cases towards the end of the year. So what do we need to do about this?    First of all, I think the U.S. Government needs a more active role in coordinating what's going on in Haiti, or what's not going on in Haiti, working with the Organization of American States and WHO. Remember this is a disease we can fight. Between 1947 and 1962 we eradicated the Aedes aegypti mosquito from the Western Hemisphere for most of Latin America. We did it by old-fashioned mosquito control programs and being aggressive by draining water sources. The Aedes aegypti mosquito was eradicated in 18 Latin American countries and resulted in dramatic reductions in dengue and yellow fever.    Equally important, we need a coordinated response to combat the threat of Zika on the Gulf Coast. This means surveillance of mosquitos and Zika detection. Beyond mosquito control we need to collect the garbage, we need to get rid of the discarded tires and standing water in poor neighborhoods, provide pregnant women living in poverty with adequate screens for their homes. This approach goes beyond the health sector and beyond the remits of the CDC. It could require involvement of Housing and Urban Development, EPA, even Homeland Security. Remember, even if a few babies are born with microcephaly on the Gulf Coast it will be talked about in the same context as Katrina, it will be talked about in the same context as the BP Oil spills; so, therefore, I urge this committee to aggressively pursue policies to protect that region. Thank you.    Dr. Hotez. Thank you for that question. The reason is we have poor people in this country, we have 20 million Americans that live at half the U.S. poverty level. We now have 1.65 million families that live on less than $2 a day according to the University of Michigan Center for Poverty. And what we're finding is something very interesting about the world's neglected diseases, that currently most of the world's neglected diseases, which include Zika, are actually found in wealthy G20 countries, but it's the poor living among the wealthy that account to it for this. So the G20 countries account for most of the world's worm infections, and dengue, and chagas disease, and leishmaniasis. We have 12 million Americans now living with a neglected tropical disease in the United States, most of them in the American south, most living along the Gulf Coast. For all the reasons that I mentioned in my previous testimony that we know that poor areas are particularly vulnerable. I have pictures.    Dr. Hotez. It'll be important to determine if Zika is going by the same play book as something like dengue where the virus is in your system for a couple of weeks, and then it's gone. And that's probably the likely scenario. There is evidence that, for instance, West Nile virus can sometimes persist in the kidneys for periods of months or years, but that appears to be an exception----    Dr. Hotez. Right.    Dr. Hotez. It's about the only good news about this virus.    Dr. Hotez. The problem will come and what happens in the summer when the Gulf Coast of Texas or Florida becomes an area included in the travel ban zone, and then we're going to----    Dr. Hotez. That would be a nightmare.    Dr. Hotez. That's a real----    Dr. Hotez. Well, thank you for that question. I think what's becoming clear is the Gulf Coast of the United States is part of the same eco-zone that the Caribbean and Central America is. There's a homogeneity there, especially in our impoverished areas. I can take you through parts of the Fifth Ward of Houston and you might think you're in Port Au Prince or Tegucigalpa, and so we have to realize that what is happening in Haiti and in Central America is the same vulnerability as the Gulf Coast, and take that accordingly.