    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chair Matz, for being here. In NCUA's 2014 annual report, it is noted that 17 of its 15 credit union failures occurred because of instances of fraud and ended up costing the Share Insurance Fund $36.5 million as well as, in October 2014, at the NCUA Board meeting, your CFO Mary Woodson stated that 94 percent of the losses to the Share Insurance Fund were related to fraud. Are these fraudulent-related losses to the Share Insurance Fund, are those of concern to you?    Mr. Tipton. And that is part of your oversight--    Mr. Tipton. It is. And perhaps a little follow-up on my colleague Mr. Guinta's comments with regard to the regulatory process. You discussed several NCUA priorities and initiatives, including a proposed rule on risk-based capital for credit unions, vendor examination authority, and stress testing for credit unions. If the NCUA is unable to prevent $36.5 million in losses to the Share Insurance Fund this last year, is it really going to be capable of handling expanded regulatory authority?    Mr. Tipton. How many more people will you have to add?    Mr. Tipton. Do you own any responsibility on that? because you said that part of this failure was regulatory in nature. What are you doing to address that?    Mr. Tipton. Yes. You didn't identify it.    Mr. Tipton. Is all of that training completed now?    Mr. Tipton. It is going to be ongoing. Chair Matz, in 2014 the NCUA issued a final rule that was going to require the submission of capital planning proposals and stress testing for credit unions with assets greater that be $10 billion. The rule applies to five credit unions that already conduct their own stress testing.    What was inadequate about the internal stress test that spurred the NCUA into creating a stress-testing rule that is not required by Dodd-Frank?    Mr. Tipton. You just used the words, ``We couldn't verify the veracity of their stress tests. We couldn't monitor it.'' Do you do the stress testing through the NCUA?    Mr. Tipton. So it is not you at all. You don't have the expertise to be able to do this?    Mr. Tipton. That is correct. So what do you pay for that?    Mr. Tipton. $4 million, and that is in your budget, I assume.    One other question I would like to be able to address is the expansive powers that we are seeing out of Dodd-Frank, FSB, FSOC, organizations that you are affiliated with, obviously, in terms of the broadening regulatory net. We see General Electric now trying to be able to dispose of assets in order to not be classified as a SIFI. That is going forward.    Chair Matz, as a member of the FSOC, are you willing to be able to give some kind of a roadmap so that these businesses are not just shooting in the dark as to whether or not they are going to be designated? Because from what I am hearing from you and from other representatives of the Administration, once we put one marker down, we are then going to go after shadow banking, which will require more regulation, which will require more Administration. So are you willing to give a roadmap so the businesses know what to be able to do?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you.