    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate you, Chairman Gruenberg, for being here today.    I guess I would like to drill down a little bit in terms of, once you have issued this new guidance and it has gone out to the banks, what are you doing to be able to repair that relationship actually with the customers?    Mr. Tipton. But it was your actions that separated some businesses who had relationships with banks.    Mr. Tipton. I appreciate that.    Part of your mission, obviously, is the safety and soundness of our banks. Businesses have pretty much the same concern for their own safety and soundness. And, arbitrarily, it sounds like, ``It was just a big mix-up and, gosh, we made a mistake and we feel bad and now we are going to try and correct it.''    But there is institutional damage effectively that you put into place. How are you going to address a bank, if you have a list that you have now wiped away--that is like going before a jury after testimony has been given and saying, ``Disregard that.'' You have already heard it.    Are you going to see a potential problem in terms of those relationships going forward for fear with, maybe, the threat of jail and other penalties going on, the banks are simply not going to handle these businesses as customers?    Mr. Tipton. Do you feel the policies are being implemented now?    Mr. Tipton. I guess, Chairman, the reason I raise this is that the FDIC issued a financial institutional letter in September of 2013, which clarified for employees the institution's policy and supervisory approach. That was followed up 10 months later, in July of 2014, with a second letter restating the policy.    According to the OGR Committee's report during those 8 months, FDIC examiners were discouraging banks from having relationships with short-term lenders.    What is that telling us in terms of effectiveness of policy? Are you going to have to keep revisiting this on a quarterly basis in terms of lining it out to your folks?    Mr. Tipton. Off of my colleague from Tennessee's question, is this going to be a slap on the hand or are these employees going to be looking at termination?