    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Right here, Mr. Secretary. How are you?    Mr. Stivers. Good.    So you have already answered questions from Mr. Duffy and Mr. Ross and Mr. Fincher about liquidity. I want to ask a couple of things about that.    You have said you don't think there is a problem, and, to you, the world is rainbows and unicorns and everything is good with liquidity.    Mr. Stivers. You said there wasn't a problem with liquidity, didn't you?    Mr. Stivers. Great. Okay. Well, then, let's talk a little bit about that.    So you do believe that we need to give it a little attention. In your role of Chair of the FSOC, have you directed the Office of Financial Research (OFR) to study this problem and how the policies that are completed and proposed might come together to cause a problem? Or have you asked them anything at all?    Because some of us would love to see them do a study. I wrote them a letter asking them to do a study. And I am just curious if you have asked them to do a study on it, on liquidity and--    Mr. Stivers. I don't disagree with you, which is why I ask you if you would ask the OFR to do a study.    And so you just indicated there is some work going on. When can we expect to see a study from OFR around--    Mr. Stivers. Please do. Because that is their job. Their job is--it is called the Office of Financial Research. So it seems to me that they are the most logical place to look at it.    Mr. Stivers. Which is their job. And I am just asking you--    Mr. Stivers. --to have them do their job and make that available to us. Because, as policymakers, we would love to see that, and it may impact some of the policies we decide to make. And as somebody who enforces those policies that are made by Congress, obviously you have some ability to change the way you do your job too.    But we would love to see that information. And the sooner we can see it, the sooner we can make an informed decision, as opposed to either one of us, maybe me assuming that it is a problem and you assuming it is not. Let's look at--    Mr. Stivers. So please ask them do a study that is detailed with regard to this. Because I think, when you see what is going on between the Volcker Rule and what is going on with the Department of Labor and what is going on in the private sector separately from regulation, where a lot of people are simplifying their business model, getting out of some risky businesses, those three come together in a way that could really cause a liquidity crisis in the future. And I just want to make sure we look toward it and try to anticipate it and head it off. So, please, I would urge you to do that.    The other question I have, really quickly, is with regard to designating systemically important institutions. Has anybody talked to you about that? Because I didn't hear whether anybody had talked much to you about that.    Mr. Stivers. So--    Mr. Stivers. Okay. Well, do you think the $50 billion--let's talk about banks for a second. The $50 billion level--many folks, including folks at the Federal Reserve, have said that is an inadequate and artificial number. How do you feel with that number in the law?    Mr. Stivers. Let me suggest an alternative approach. Have you looked at nonbank assets, the assets that are not under the covered institution--I would ask you to look at that, because that is where the systemic risk is created.    I know my time is gone, but please look at that. I will follow up in writing.