    Mr. Walden. If we could go ahead and get started, I am going to call to order the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, with apologies up front that with the classified briefing that got scheduled at the end of last week for later today on the Iranian agreement--that got scheduled about the same time this hearing was originally scheduled to start, so we moved it up to now so that we could hear from this distinguished panel of witnesses.    And I have asked my colleagues--and I think this is on both sides, because we also now have votes scheduled prior to all of that--we are going to dispense with our opening statements, which anybody who watches Congressional hearings knows is unprecedented in the historical annals of Congress, but they will all be in the official record.    So unless there is objection from either side of the aisle, I would like to just proceed straight to our panel of witnesses for their expert testimony.    This is an important hearing on promoting broadband infrastructure investment. You all are on the front lines of that, and we look to you for guidance, suggestions as we go forward.    So we will start right out with Jonathan Adelstein, President and CEO, PCIA, former distinguished Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.    Mr. Adelstein, we are delighted to have you here. Please go ahead with your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Adelstein. We appreciate your testimony and look forward to further discussions on these matters.    We will now go to the Honorable Stephen Roe Lewis, Governor, Gila River Indian Community in Arizona. Governor, we are delighted to have you here. I enjoyed the time I was in your community and toured your facilities, and we are glad you could be here to share your thoughts on the challenges you face.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Governor. You can count on that. We appreciate your testimony and your insights. They are very valuable.    We will go now to Craig Moffett, Senior Research Analyst, Moffett Nathanson. Mr. Moffett, we are delighted to have you here as well. Please go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much, Mr. Moffett. We appreciate your analysis.    We will go now to Michael Slinger, Director, Google Fiber Cities. We welcome you. Thank you for being here, and the floor is yours.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Slinger. We appreciate your testimony.    And now we will go to final witness today, Deb Socia, Executive Director, Next Century Cities. We are delighted to have you here as well. Thank you, and please go ahead with your comments.    Mr. Walden. Ms. Socia, thank you very much for your testimony and your insights.    I will start off with questions.    Mr. Adelstein, as you probably know, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act directed the GSA--Government Service Agency--to develop a master contract to simplify the placement of wireless antennas on Federal buildings and other property. Last year, the Administrator of the GSA told Congress that the master contract was complete and available for use by executive landholding agencies. In your opinion, do you believe the GSA--General Services Administration--has done everything in its power to give life to the siting directives embodied in section 6409, which you referenced in your testimony, of the Middle Class Tax Relief Act? Have they done everything they can?    Mr. Walden. Or maybe a hearing with one witness. They always like those.    I appreciate that, and for the rest of the panel, if there are issues you are running into with Federal siting, let us know because this is one we raised because it is important and we don't--we concur with what Commissioner Adelstein has said. I don't think they have got it right yet.    Ms. Socia, traditionally network operators were given a monopoly exchange for the obligation to serve anyone upon reasonable request. In the models we have been discussing, carriers only deploy to areas where there is an economic case for the build. How do we balance sound network economies with the threat of redlining, a practice of refusing service to areas that are deemed a poor financial risk? And as I heard about the incredible buildout that Google is doing, which I applaud, representing a district that is bigger than any State east of the Mississippi, getting access out into our tribal lands, getting access out into our very remote rural communities, whether it is wired or wireless, remains a big problem. And so I wonder how we can address that better.    Mr. Walden. Before I go to Mr. Moffett for his comments, this is also an issue just to get wireless phone coverage out in areas of Montana, upstate New York. Elise Stefanik has made this case to me, our new Member from up there, that just getting access, getting connectivity remains a real issue. The job is not done.    And so Mr. Moffett, from your perspective as an analyst, what do we do?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. I want to get a quick answer from Mr. Slinger. Does Google have plans to try a model out in sort of rural, remote areas of the country to see if you can make that work?    Mr. Walden. Correct.    Mr. Walden. I hate to cut you off, but I know we are all tight for time, so I will turn to my colleague from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady's time is expired.    I will turn to the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman's time is expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Did you want to name that community?    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now goes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Yes, we have go to----    Mr. Walden. We will now go to the gentleman from Louisiana, the Whip of the House, Mr. Scalise, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Which was zero, and it was $41.9 billion.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    Unfortunately, we are going to have to pull this to a close because we are down to about 4 minutes left in the vote.    This is not the last hearing. We expect to continue this work going forward. Your testimony has just gotten us to a really good starting place. We have a lot more work to do, some follow-up to do.    I know there are members who didn't get a chance to ask questions. We do have information to submit for the record, including from TIA, Comptel, CCA, Tech Freedom.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Olson, I believe you had a document you wanted to submit, some articles on broadband deployment.    Mr. Walden. And with that, I am afraid we are going to--unless, Ms. Matsui, do you want just a minute or two?    Mr. Walden. Go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Thank you.    We are going to have to call it to a conclusion here. Again, we do have votes on the House floor followed by the Iranian briefing. So thank you to all of you for your testimony, your counsel. We look forward to being back in touch with you as we move forward and to others who have ideas for the Congress on how we can expand access to affordable broadband across the country, on Indian reservations, rural communities, urban communities, wherever it is not.    And we have some tribal letters for the record as well from Mr. Lujan, which we are happy to accept.    Mr. Walden. And with that, we will adjourn.