    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate getting waived in today, and it is good to be back on the subcommittee. Thank you to the witnesses for your testimony.    Mr. Batkins, you sort of raised this sort of morbidity issue of the effect of unemployment caused by regulations that result in people's early life passing away. It is an interesting concept.    Normally, in this Committee, we have talked about morbidity in terms of the lack of regulation. Again, as someone who is in year nine - Upper Branch, where 29 coal miners lost their lives. We obviously just had a jury verdict in West Virginia holding the employer responsible. There is no question in my mind that the failure of Congress to update MSHA's regulations could have prevented that horrendous tragedy.    Deepwater Horizon, where 11 workers lost their lives because of just incredibly shoddy oversight and regulation of the deep water drilling.    I represent New London, Connecticut, home of the Coast Guard Academy, seeing the assets of the Coast Guard having to get pulled out of Homeland Security and repositioned down at the Gulf of Mexico to deal with the mess that was created there by poor regulation.    In Middletown, Connecticut, we had a power plant explosion where again the failure to update our regulations in terms of cleaning the piping at the plant there, which even private sector folks like Siemens had already said was woefully out of date. We had seven workers who lost their lives, one of them was a very good friend of mine. I still talk to his widow on a frequent basis.    There is no question that we live in a democracy and it is important to raise any issue here, but frankly there needs to be a balance.    If we are going to talk about morbidity and the effect of regulations, we have to recognize that workplace fatalities is a reality of life, and we are not doing a very good job right now in terms of bolstering really common sense updates that even in the private sector we have been warned is going to cause problems.    Ms. Owens, I do not know if you want to comment on that.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. Mr. Beebe, again, I represent Eastern Connecticut, which is the home of Electric Boat. We build the Virginia-class submarines there and deal with thousands of suppliers all across the country. Thank you for the work you do to protect the warfighters who are out there.    Again, when we talk about that critical work, protecting lives is also part of it. A supplier who sent elbow piping to the Virginia-class program did bad welds, so right now the Navy is in the process of pulling out piping, which delays deployment of attack subs that we need, particularly in South China Sea right now.    We are talking about vessels that operate in an environment that does not sustain human life. There is no margin for error for sailors out there in terms of doing that.    Frankly, it is important for our military branches to really screen and watch what is coming into the depots, what is coming into the shipyards, what is coming into the airfields, because as I said, there is no margin for error.    Cyber is the other burgeoning area for small suppliers. It is a very difficult problem, I think you would acknowledge that, because we have the bad guys out there that are not just looking at the prime contractors, they are going down deeper into the supply chain to try to penetrate our national defense by trying to probe weaknesses with the small guys, who again are doing everything right.    We need new regulations, frankly, in terms of creating hardening defenses for our national defense on all these platforms that we depend on for our national defense.    I think people really have to get balanced here in terms of the discussion, both in terms of workplace fatalities but also the fact that there is a real public interest in terms of making sure the stuff that the government is buying from people is actually of high quality.    With that, I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.