    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And before I give my remarks, I would like to just, along with many others, send out thoughts and prayers to the victims of the tragedy in Brussels today, including a U.S. service member and four of his family members that were injured and three Mormon missionaries, who were also injured, too, of which I know are Jason Chaffetz, Chairman of Oversight and Government Reform, constituents of his.    And another note, I note the passing of my predecessor's father, Roy Blount's dad. Roy Blount passed away last night and I know that a lot of folks had not heard that yet.    And I want to add to the accolades, even though he is not in the room, that everyone has been throwing out to Ray Baum today. And you know after he wrote Wizard of Oz, I thought he would be done. I thought he could live off of his residuals.    But Ray is a great guy. And I came to Congress from a different background than most. I was an auctioneer and a real estate broker for over 30 years. I am a salesman. And a salesman has to be upbeat, optimistic, open. And Ray, I have never seen him in a bad mood. He is always upbeat, optimistic, and open, regardless of the challenge. I wish him the best of luck of the NAB. And I just realized out in the hall that he is 1 week younger than I am. Now, I know you can't tell by looking because I look younger than him, I am sure. But anyway, congratulations to Ray on his move.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, I want to commend you on your trip down to Austin promoting the broadband to rural areas, which is a very, very key object or whatever that we have been working on, that we need to work on. I, too, spoke in Austin and participated in a panel 10 days ago today on that very subject on delivering rural broadband to the rural areas, which for the students in their studies and everything, it is critical that we get that done. So, I just wanted to congratulate you on your trip to Austin to promote the same thing.    Chairman Wheeler, in the spirt of John Dingle, I am going to ask you for yes or no answers to my questions. I have got a few here. I don't have a lot.    But Chairman Wheeler, I would like to focus this morning, or this afternoon I guess it is now, on your treatment of television joint sales agreements, known as JSAs. I don't know if you are aware but there is a JSA in my district between TV stations KSNF and KODE in Joplin, Missouri. And it was because of this JSA that KODE was able to buy Doppler radar, which, at the time, was obviously a benefit to the Joplin community. But in 2011, when the EF5 tornado ripped through Joplin, killing 161 people in a town of 50,000, so everyone knew someone from that tragedy, when it ripped through Joplin, there wasn't anything much more important in my community than the Doppler radar, which tracked a multiple vortex tornado that stayed on the ground for six miles. And the reason KODE was able to afford this piece of weather equipment was because of the JSA.    Now, I have got to admit that I was pretty frustrated with the FCC when they made the decision back in 2014 to basically outlaw JSAs, especially when I saw firsthand the difference they can make to small and medium sized markets like Joplin. Clearly, also in my hometown of Springfield, there is a JSA operating there. Clearly, many others in Congress had the same frustration, which is why last year, we included a 10-year grandfather for JSAs created before March of 2014 in the omnibus spending bill.    Chairman Wheeler, again, in the spirit of John Dingle, yes or no answer. Were you aware of the passage of this law?    Mr. Long. OK, good. I thought that when Congress passed the law, it would have been the end of the conversation on JSAs but, unfortunately, to my surprise, I see the FCC has decided to use the merger process to circumvent a recently passed law. In a number of instances, the FCC has not provided the law's 10-year grandfather to JSAs involved in a merger. Is that correct, yes or no?    Mr. Long. That is not correct?    Mr. Long. I am aware that----    Mr. Long. I am aware that you argue that there is long-standing precedent that gives the FCC the right to modify new licenses. Have you read the language in the omnibus bill that grandfathers JSA?    Mr. Long. Can you tell me if the omnibus language includes any exceptions to the 10-year grandfather in the JSAs?    Mr. Long. Yes or no?    Mr. Long. Can you answer yes or no for me? Let me repeat the question and I would like a yes or no.    Can you tell me if that omnibus language includes any exceptions to the 10-year grandfather in the JSAs?    Mr. Long. Yes or no? Can you give me a yes or no? That is a simple question.    Mr. Long. Thank you. Did the language include any exception in the case of merger reviews or FCC precedent? Yes or no?    Mr. Long. And in the case where the FCC precedent that conflicts with a federal statute which trumps, isn't the statute--it is in the statute, isn't it?    Mr. Long. It appears others were as surprised as I was with your interpretation of the statute. Now the statute recently, the 12 bipartisan senators representing a full political spectrum from Senators Schumer and Durbin to Senators Blunt and Wicker sent you a letter telling you the congressional intent of that omnibus language, mainly to grandfather all JSAs created before March 14 and you are in receipt of that letter, yes or no?    Mr. Long. OK, I yield back.