    Chairman JOHNSON. Good afternoon, and welcome.    Today the Social Security Board of Trustees finally released this year's annual report on the financial health of Social Security.    Now, we all know Social Security is in trouble, and the first step to solving a problem is to know what you are up against. So today we are going to hear from Social Security's Chief Actuary about the findings in this year's report, which was just released this morning.    We all know how important Social Security is to the millions of Americans receiving benefits, and given the challenges facing Social Security, you would think these annual reports would be released on time. Unfortunately, that has not been the case.    As you can see on the screens, for each year of President Obama's Administration, the Trustees Report has never been released on time. On average, they have been delivered around 75 days late, and this one is 82 days late. And that is not the latest it has ever been released. Let's be thankful that this year's report is not as late as the 2010 report was, which was 126 days late.    The Trustees Report is not a new thing. In fact, it was created as part of the 1939 amendments. Its original due date was the first day of each regular session of the Congress. In the early 1950s, the Congress extended the date to March 1st. Then, in the mid-1960s, the Congress shifted the deadline forward by one more month to give the trustees more time.    The current April 1 deadline has been in place since 1968. It is not a suggested deadline. It is a mandatory deadline. The American people have a right to expect that the deadline will be met, period.    Pat Tiberi, whose Subcommittee oversees Medicare, and I wrote to the Treasury Secretary, Secretary Lew, twice this year asking why this year's report was late. However, the Secretary did not think it was necessary to personally respond to our letters, and that is unacceptable and the American people deserve better.    It is clear this Administration is not serious when it comes to Social Security. This year's budget didn't even include the President's usual empty words about fixing Social Security.    Earlier this month, the President spoke about his plan for Social Security, but he forgot one important thing: The first rule when you are in a hole is to stop digging. During his recent speech in Indiana, the President suggested we should increase Social Security benefits and just ask the wealthiest Americans to pay a little more.    Sounds easy, doesn't it? Well, even taxing every dollar of earnings wouldn't make Social Security solvent, let alone give the program enough money to pay higher benefits. President Obama's tax hike rhetoric doesn't add up and neither does his math.    Make no mistake, we should look to improve benefits for lower-income individuals who work their entire lives paying into Social Security and don't receive that much back in return. But we have to talk about this in the context of real Social Security reform, reform that gets the program on a sound and sustainable financial footing. That means making sure that it is there for our children and our grandchildren, just like it has been there for seniors and individuals with disabilities today.    Look, I have said this before and I will say it again, the longer we wait, the tougher it will be to get Social Security fixed. So the sooner we act, the better.    I thank our witness for being here today.    Thank you so much for giving the latest update on Social Security's finances. I now recognize Mr. Becerra for his opening statement.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you.    As is customary, any Member is welcome to submit a statement for the hearing record.    And before we move to our hearing testimony today, I want to remind our witness to please limit your statement to 5 minutes. However, without objection, all the written testimony will be made a part of the hearing record.    We have one witness today. Seated at the table is Stephen Goss, Chief Actuary, Social Security Administration.    Please proceed.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you for your testimony.    We will now turn to questions. And as is customary for each round of questions, I will limit my time to 5 minutes and ask my colleagues to also limit their time as well.    Mr. Goss, welcome. This year's report happens to be 82 days late. Can you tell us what caused the delay this year?    Chairman JOHNSON. Were they going in the same direction?    I will tell you, I had to send two letters to Secretary Lew before a member of his staff could be bothered to respond to my asking about the delay with the Trustees Report. I ask unanimous consent to place these three letters into the record.    Hearing none.    Chairman JOHNSON. In response, the Treasury staff noted that this year's Trustees Report process was without the benefit of Public Trustees.    Mr. Goss, briefly, what is a Public Trustee and how do they differ from other trustees?    Chairman JOHNSON. Well, some of our Democrats have argued that one of the most recent Public Trustees, Dr. Blahous, somehow managed to take over the process and change assumptions in the report to overstate Social Security's trouble. Is that true?    Chairman JOHNSON. Okay. Well, thank you for the answer. And in the time remaining, I would like to shift gears and ask you about Social Security and taxes.    Earnings up to a certain amount, called the taxable maximum, are subject to Social Security payroll taxes. This year, what is that amount?    Chairman JOHNSON. Some have suggested we should raise that taxable maximum to cover 90 percent of earnings. If that were the case, what would this year's taxable maximum be?    Chairman JOHNSON. Would that be enough to make Social Security solvent, though, yes or no?    Chairman JOHNSON. And if every dollar of earnings were subject to the payroll tax, would it be enough to make Social Security solvent, yes or no?    Chairman JOHNSON. So we can't tax our way to solvency.    Well, thank you. I appreciate your testimony.    And I will recognize my colleague here for questioning.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Renacci, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you.    Mr. Rice, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. The time of the gentleman has expired. Thank you.    Chairman JOHNSON. Mr. Kelly, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Smith, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you.    Mr. Buchanan, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. Thank you.    Mr. Dold, you are recognized.    Chairman JOHNSON. I want to thank all the Members who are here, including my Democrat colleague.    And, you know, Social Security faces serious challenges and needs serious solutions, not empty words and plans that just don't add up. I look forward to working with all my colleagues, and with you too, Mr. Goss, to find ways to make sure Social Security is a program that our children and grandchildren can count on, just as seniors and individuals with disabilities do today.    I want to thank you, again, for our witness, for his testimony, and also thank all the Members for being here today. God bless you all.    With that, this Subcommittee stands adjourned.