    Mr. Wiedefeld. Good morning, Chairman Graves and Ranking Member Norton and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am Paul Wiedefeld, general manager of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, also known as Metro.    What I thought I would do is just summarize very quickly what my priorities have been since I joined November 30th for the agency, talk a little bit about what we are up against and what I am trying to do about it, and then just wrap up with some concluding remarks.    In terms of what my priorities are, obviously, safety, service, reliability, and fiscal management. And so, what we are up against, I think it is important just to step back and think about the physical nature of what we are up against before we get into some of the management issues. But I think we have to recognize that this is a two-track railroad system which presents a lot of challenges for maintenance, because you cannot maintain the system without impacting the customers is basically what we have here.    And you add on top of that decades of delayed maintenance and underfunding onto that, that has created a lot of the issues that we are dealing with. On top of that is an aging fleet, the cars, the trains themselves. So that is on the rail side.    I think it is also important to recognize that Metro is more than just rail, it is also a very major bus system. We do almost 600,000 people a day on the bus system alone. And in that case we have a much better fleet, but we do have some basic infrastructure services, as well, that need to be fixed, particularly in garages.    In terms of the agency, what I found is what I have heard echoed here, is both a lack of safety and service culture within the organization, and it permeates throughout the entire organization, both management and frontline employees.    There has been a lack of accountability on the management, on the frontline people, and also a lack of strong management systems put in place.    There has been a lack of a sustainable and predictable funding source over the decades for this system. We are facing ridership decline. Part of that is self-inflicted by some of the performance levels that we have provided, but also just the change in demographics in the region and the way that we travel.    Our paratransit, MetroAccess, is also increasing in demand. It is one of our most expensive services, and we need to think about how we provide that service, as well, to that part of the community.    Crime, as was mentioned, is a concern for all transit agencies. Unfortunately, we have had some terrible and very visible incidents on our system recently, both on our passengers and on some of our employees. And always in the back and front of my mind is terrorism, and we always have to make sure that we are doing everything on our part to be prepared for anything that may occur there.    So, what are we doing? In March, I released a Customer Accountability Report, where basically there are 60 action items that we have outlined of what we are doing to both increase the overall performance and the customer service portion of what we do. I did release several weeks ago the rail maintenance plan called SafeTrack. Basically, the current approach, in my estimation, is not working. We need a much more holistic and transparent process for how we go about that upgrading of the tracks.    I have been working very closely with our manufacturer of the train sets, which is Kawasaki. We now have 134 property, have 120 in service. That is the 7000 series. We have 748 of those ordered. And as soon as we get those to the point where I am comfortable we are delivering what we paid for, we will start to increase that delivery of those cars.    The bus fleet is maintained well, and will continue in that area. On the MetroAccess we are looking at brokering some outside third-party vendors to provide better service for there.    In terms of safety and service culture, that starts with me basically driving home that that is the most important thing that we do. Recently I have come out with a number of things to reinforce that. Safety trumps all. We now have our track inspectors, and people that have the ability to understand the system can shut down the system at any time if they see something that they want to get out and look at, which was not the case in the past.    We have a new chief safety officer, which I just brought in early this month. We are looking at--the police are doing a Metro--basically constantly where we monitor the system every day, literally minute by minute, to apply our resources. And we are adding new resources there. And of course, we are working with the Joint Terrorism Task Force.    The good news is that the system over the years, 40 years, had driven the economic development and, really, our culture here in this region. And the business community is behind it, elected officials are behind it, and the riders are behind it. My job is to get it performing better, and then we will deal with other issues from my perspective into the future. But again, my priorities are on the safety, service, and the fiscal management, and that will continue to be my focus in the near term, and we will deal with the larger issues as we go forward.    So with that I will be glad to take any questions.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you very much.    Mr. Wiedefeld. OK. I can't speak to the history of what training they did. I know what we are doing.    One of the things I have done is I did replace the head of the rail operations center in April. So I have a new head there. We have added additional staff there. We have a much more robust training program that came out of some incidents in the past. We have staffed up. We have a fire liaison, for instance, now, 24/7. When I got here it was for 16 hours of the day; we now have him 24 hours, because a lot of the incidents we looked at, incident communication between emergency personnel and someone in the ROCC, in the Rail Operations Control Center.    FTA is monitoring the activities daily, basically at the rail operations centers, to make sure that the proper procedures are being followed. We are doing--basically, we started spot testing of our controllers to make sure that they are part of all exercises. And, in effect, we throw curve balls at them during that--those exercises.    So, it is an effort that we have to continue to work on, but we are moving in that direction.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. I have a question for Ms. Flowers, too, which--the committee is concerned, obviously, about WMATA's safety and the reliability, for sure. But we are also concerned about the need for all the transit agencies all across the country, as to their efficiency. And, you know, we want them to be as productive as possible with the Federal resources that they are receiving.    And my question is, what is the FTA doing to ensure that its transit agency recipients are most efficiently using the limited resources, you know, that they are receiving? And are you considering contracting out work via, you know--through competitive bid, whenever that is appropriate?    Mr. Wiedefeld. If I could, I'll come at it from two levels. There's the management side and then there's the frontline employees, which gets, I think, your second issue. In terms of the management, about 3 weeks ago I sent a letter out to roughly 650 at-will managers. And those aren't necessarily people sitting behind a desk. But those are your frontline supervisors and superintendents.    I sent out a letter to all of them explaining what my priorities are and what, you know, my management style and what not. But more importantly, I had them sign a piece of paper that recognized that they were ``at will.'' Because I'm not sure all of them even understood that. Shortly after that I held a meeting with all 650 of them. It was the first time in my understanding of the history of the agency where we did that, where basically, again, I explained what we're doing. And that accountability is probably the most important thing they have to do besides safety and customer service.    And then shortly after that, I did terminate a number of managers recently. And I have currently a review of the entire organization in terms of where there's redundancies or just over time, positions just haven't been dealt with. So that's ongoing. So I've continued to manage that. So that's on the overall management side, where I have a little clear capabilities.    On the front line side, I do have the ability to let people go. We do have processes for that. It depends on what type of discretion. So for instance if a station manager isn't in the right uniform, they get a certain, you know, a certain ding. And you get a few of those, and you can terminate someone on that. To basically any major incident, I can terminate immediately. That does not mean they don't have the right to grieve. And we go through a whole process of that. And it is set up in the contract, as you mentioned. And that eventually can get to an arbiter. And we will pick an arbiter, the union would pick an arbiter, and then we'll both pick another one. And you know, it'll go through that process, which is the normal process. But no, I do have the, I do have the ability to do that, and we do do that on a regular basis, both on labor and management.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yeah.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We have the flexibility.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We basically have a program that----    Mr. Wiedefeld. I don't have the, I don't have the estimation.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We have made, we have made progress.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We have, we have, we have arcing, we have insulators every----    Mr. Wiedefeld. With the SafeTrack plan, basically, we are using contractors to run----    Mr. Wiedefeld. It's a combination of both.    Mr. Wiedefeld. It's a combination of the fasteners, the ties, the power cables, the actual running rail, and the insulation.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Thank you.This is, I want you to come to Washington, DC. I want you to use this system. I want you to get off the road''? We need to get people back in the system so the city can move around a little bit better. What's left that's good?    Mr. Wiedefeld. If I may, we do move 1.3 million passengers a day. So the system does perform very well for the vast majority of people every. When it has a problem, it has a problem. There's no doubt about it. It gets back to the two-track system that I had mentioned earlier. So whenever we have an issue, it impacts everyone very quickly. I won't lie. But that system does perform very well. And when you look at other systems, you know, they all have issues. I went to school in New Jersey. I worked up there for a number of years. I know some issues they've had, they've continued to have. They have major challenges in front of them. San Francisco is facing very significant issues. Atlanta is facing issues. We all have these issues. You know it's a very large infrastructure investment. But day to day, this system works very well.    Mr. Wiedefeld. You can. I was with a couple in from Colorado the other day. They didn't know who I was, and they got talking about the Metro and they had a great experience. So I mean, it does, it's, I think that's more common than we think.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Excuse me. The ridership levels first. Yes, we have had a drop over the last 5 years. It's a combination I think again, of some of the quality of the service that we've provided. But it is also just the change in demographics. Telecommuting, particularly in this region, is very strong. The growth of Uber. You know, rideshare. All kinds of things I think have impacted that.    And we're not unique in that regard either. There's other properties around the country that have experienced some of that as well. Major properties. In terms of the criminal activity, it is an extremely safe system, from that perspective, numerically. It's very safe. It's five incidents per million, incidents per million riders, which is extremely safe. That means nothing to obviously the person that's the victim. And does not mean much for the perception.    We have applied a number of things in terms of policing. We basically have put more police out there. We're moving people out from behind desks. We're moving people that used to, for instance, use our revenue train, which collect the dollars. We've contracted it out so we have armed officers out there, sworn officers out there. We have a major recruitment underway to beef up that area. In fact today we're meeting with the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments, in effect, to have an agreement with all the jurisdictions where we could bring in moonlighting officers, sworn officers again, again to beef up the presence on the system. The reality is if you do something in our system we catch you literally within hours if not days. Every one of these incidents, for what it's worth, we are getting these people. These things happen in a matter of seconds. And with a vast open system, it's extremely difficult obviously to be everywhere at every time. But it's clearly a concern for our customers and for us, and we'll continue to work it. We're working with, for instance, the local school system on issues. We follow social media to monitor what's going on out in the community. And again, we apply the resources accordingly, you know, with the limited resources that we do have.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yeah. Let me just, if I could, just I know. I get no pleasure. It is a, not a--that is the last thing I want to do is let someone go. You know. I understand the impact it has on their personal life. So that is the, that is the key is to train and bring people along. And again, it's not just management, but it's frontline employees. So that is part of, in my estimation it's part of the change of the culture. That's how you get to the safety culture, the customer service culture. It's not necessarily through discipline. You have to have that tool. But that is the last tool I would use personally. I think it's the last tool any manager wants to use. But on the other hand you have to use it when you need to do it.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Basically, there's a number of things. On the frontline people, we're focusing on the safety training right now, is one of our biggest things. Just basic. Even how we even ID our people for instance. We don't----    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, yes a series of classes. We have outdoor, or outside vendors coming in, creating programs for us. We literally have to do it on an annual basis. We hadn't been doing that. We'd been letting it slip. Making sure that we're doing that. So it's recruiting people that come in that way. It's a combination of all of those.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes. Yes. Every new employee spends 4 days in training the minute they walk in the door, just so they understand who we are and what we do.    Mr. Wiedefeld. And exactly, that's what they have to do. Some of them, literally, to have their identification badge, they have to have the training.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I think there's an issue with the funding in terms of a dedicated and sustainable funding source. So I think that's, that's not something that necessarily means more dollars. It just means that we do not go through an annual budgeting process where we're competing against----    Mr. Wiedefeld. I'm not aware of that.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I just don't know the history of what the board has done with it.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I do. I think it's, again, that's why the SafeTrack plan and all the implications of that is why I put it out there.    Mr. Wiedefeld. It is.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Again, I think, yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Sir, if I may, again, I took this job to tackle these issues. If I am thwarted in any way, then I, that's not the job for me.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I know a number of the board members use the system every day.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I don't know all of them.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I have that through rider's unions. I have that through a number of resources.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I get texts and emails from board members constantly about their experiences.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I think they all do use it. I just don't know, sir.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I think they use it today.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I think that we have the same experience that I think whatever the number is, $86 billion worth of unmet maintenance needs around the country, yet we still need to increase, you know the system, for economic reasons, for safety reasons, all kinds of other reasons. So I think, you know, there's a time for that. My focus is on the maintenance and my focus going forward is after we do this SafeTrack plan, we cannot back away from the ongoing maintenance or we will be right back where we started.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I think they reflected again the lack of ongoing maintenance and the ability to get out there and do that. And that's why the SafeTrack has the impacts it has. Because physically to get out there and do the level of work we need to do--because it's not just one thing.    Mr. Wiedefeld. You know, on the March 16th shutdown, we were looking at the power cables issue. Because that was----    Mr. Wiedefeld. We were focused on that because of the L'Enfant accident.    Mr. Wiedefeld. It will be. Yes, that's the plan. And the plan, again, it's not really just to meet it, but then we have to go beyond it and we have to maintain it.    Mr. Wiedefeld. It's one thing to get out there and do all these repairs, but if we don't keep doing that, then we're going to be right back to where we were.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We can, under the current contract, we can't replace workers with contractors. But if we have, and that's what we're doing, in effect we're bringing in workers above and beyond what our current workforce can do, so that's how I can bring in outside contractors.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I can provide the----    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, I do commit to that. And with the SafeTrack program, that's what we're creating is the ability to effectively monitor what we're doing. That's what CARe is about, the Customer Accountability Report. It's, we put out every month, we update things that we're doing, so people can see where we are on that. But I'll also be very frank. You know, I think, I want to, I want to work with outside vendors and just the community in general to have that knowledge in the technology world. It's awfully hard for us to create that within the structure we have.    It's also something that's not core to our mission. I think we have a lot of smart people in this region, if we could tap in. And you've seen it evolve. And so rather than--and you know, we have to think of ways to team with them, not ways to push them away. So that is something I've made very clear, that I want to bring those people to the table. Because they have the knowledge, they have the skill base. And again, just to open it up. We have nothing to hide. It is what it is. And then we have to start to attack it.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I totally agree. But I also, I want our staff to basically do things before it gets to the point where they have to take a photo of it. An example I gave to the managers when I saw them is, at New Carrolton Station, in front of a cabinet that basically is an emergency cabinet for putting equipment onto the tracks to basically rescue people and to do things like that, we had parked or a vendor had parked a very large piece of construction equipment in front of it. That should not happen. I shouldn't need to be taking photos of that. That should just be something--error, employees see. And they say, ``That's wrong, fix it.'' So that's the, that's the cultural change that we have to get to.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Sure.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Because it was solved in hours. We knew who the person was and they had that person. So they were, they were pursuing that person, and literally in hours we had apprehended that person. We do report out all crime statistics on a regular basis, quarterly at a minimum to the board, where we go through every, every event that we have. So----    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yeah, it's a combination of that and then our TV cameras, and definitely----    Mr. Wiedefeld. Sure.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yeah, we will provide that type of data. I think we have to put it in context of you know, we're just part of the community. And a lot of these things happen around us. Sometimes they happen on our property and sometimes they don't. So I think, you know, if someone stealing someone's camera, it happens just as likely outside of our stations as inside of our stations.    Mr. Wiedefeld. We will--we've started negotiations obviously, but we, you know, we've made a commitment to do that at the table. We are focusing on both wage, pension, health benefits and work roles. So we will attack each one of those, but it is a negotiation. And it does go to binding arbitration.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Right.    Mr. Wiedefeld. OK. I've spent 10 years. I've run into, at BWI airport, and I think that's a great example. And the aviation community in general is. It is just part of who you are, when you think about safety in an airport. And I'm trying to instill that, you know, that same sort of philosophy and just sort of, it is who you are when you work at the transit agency.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Sure. We do a vital signs report that basically we produce, that you can go online, and monitor what we do. One of the things that we have changed just recently, we used to put on our on-time performance on railcars, based on you know, how we managed it. We moved to a mechanism where basically as you tap in to the time you tap out is the real, from a customer's perspective, that's the real delay. So for instance, that's what we're starting to put out there, as here's what's really happening in the system. And not some sort of computer-generated, a number.    Mr. Wiedefeld. OK. Yeah, a few things we've done. One is the ability in fact to tap in, tap out, what we call. So if you get into a station and there's something going on, we would charge you to get back out even though you didn't use the system. So we changed that. So basically you get 15 minutes to make up your mind. And if, you know, something doesn't play out the way you wanted to play it, you get back out and you don't have to pay.    I think that's just a good customer service, you know, product that we should, we should have. We've worked with the university system, for instance, for a universal university pass. Where in effect, we're working with American University. Where they, all their students will have unlimited use of the system for a flat fee that they charge at the beginning of the year as part of their tuition or their fees, I guess. And the rationale for that is, basically that's a lot of nonpeak usage.    It also introduces other people that we want to educate about the system and use the system, another way to attract people like that. Again, we're trying to do things from a customer and IT side to give real-time information, again, as I just mentioned, so people can make educated decisions. So it's continuing to do things like that. I've got to balance that clearly on the impact, the potential impact on revenue of that. But on the other hand, you know, we have to, you know, we have to make sure that we're reflecting the times of today and not doing the same stuff we did in 1980, 1990.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, we will.    Mr. Wiedefeld. I don't know the track inspectors. I know the operations side. But if I can get you the track information, I just don't have those with me.    Mr. Wiedefeld. If I could, I mean, I can tell you like on the operations side. Because most of, you know, most of our employees are bus operators, train operators, station managers. So the bus operator starts just about $19 an hour. The highest rate gets about to be $31 an hour. That's about fifth in the country, in terms of what we compare to other properties on the heavy rail side. And we're about, we're basically about fifth, sixth in the, on the bus side, compared to major, major properties.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yeah. And let me get--I'll get you the facts on that.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Well, we will be presenting that to the board. I mean, that is their role. So we'll be presenting all that information to the board. Again, we have an agreement of both sides to do these negotiations. You know, they're negotiations, so we don't want to do them in public. So that is what we're doing. But we will take it to the board, and that's a very public process.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Right. But again, we have to do that within the Federal, you know, the context of negotiations. That is, you know, in Federal law.    Mr. Wiedefeld. No. I believe, I think the vacancy's down to three. There's people in training though.    Mr. Wiedefeld. So they're not certified yet to be on the floor.    Mr. Wiedefeld. Yes, yes.    Mr. Wiedefeld. As I mentioned, in April, I have a new head of the ROCC, who has both experience there and also in other parts of the agency, so it brings some different skill bases to that. It's a focus of, now my chief safety officer, to go in there and think of other ways that they should be, particularly on drilling and things of that. The FTA's been very supportive of that as well. So that's, you know, again, it's, it's all of the above. It's not just one thing. But clearly management is a big part of it.