    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, obviously, we are here on a day of tragedy, tragedy for the Belgians, tragedy for the world. ISIS is now taking responsibility for the murders this morning. We had a marine that was killed last weekend in Iraq. I know you feel that personally. We have a law that we passed called the National Defense Authorization Act. It required you to submit to the Congress by February the 15th a plan for defeating these people.    I know you told the chairman that it was imminent. The statute says you shall do it by February the 15th. You are in violation of the law. When an average American is in violation of the law, there are consequences. Would you care to explain to the committee why there shouldn't be consequences for your failure to follow a law that was signed by your President?    Mr. Byrne. Mr. Secretary, that is not my question. The statute says you shall do it by February the 15th. Do you not agree that you are in violation of that law?    Mr. Byrne. I am going to ask you again. Do you not agree that you are in violation of the law?    Mr. Byrne. I don't think that is a satisfactory response. When we pass a law around here, it means something. Now, people's lives are at stake. You know that better than any of the rest of us.    Mr. Byrne. Excuse me for a minute, Mr. Secretary. It is not too much to ask that you comply with the laws that we pass and the President signs.    Mr. Byrne. So it is not sufficient for you to say it is imminent. You need to give us a plan now.    Let me ask you about another report. You are also required to submit when the President puts forth his budget a 30-year ship plan for the Navy. You didn't do that either. That is a statutory requirement. Why didn't you submit a 30-year ship plan?    Mr. Byrne. Well, under the law, that was supposed to be submitted with the President's budget request. Now, the existing ship plan we have got calls for 52 littoral combat ships . You have not amended that plan. You have requested 40. The Secretary of the Navy has told us in this room he needs 52. He has told us there is no study to change that. Mr. Stackley, his Assistant Secretary for Acquisitions, says there is no Navy study or analysis that would change that. You have no 30-year ship plan to change that, yet you've tried to unilaterally change it in the budget. What is your basis, if you have no 30-year ship plan that updates the 52 request, when there is no Navy analysis, what is your basis for reducing the ship request from 52 to 40 on the LCS?    Mr. Byrne. If the Navy has no analysis on that, where's your analysis? Do you have a report?    Mr. Byrne. Where is it?    Mr. Byrne. Shouldn't it be in that ship plan?    Mr. Byrne. Mr. Secretary, if that is so important, why wouldn't you give us a new ship plan? Because your old ship plan, the one----    Mr. Byrne. You were supposed to give it to us when the President's budget was submitted. Now, you and your staff may not think these laws are important, but they are.    People wonder why the people of America are angry right now. They are angry because people in Washington feel like they are above the law. And none of us, Mr. Secretary, I am not above the law, and you are not above the law. Give us a plan for the Middle East and give us some sort of analysis that is different from the Navy's analysis on reducing the LCS request from 52 to 40.    And I yield back.