    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here. Headquartered in my district is Northrop Grumman's electronics systems division, and every time I visit the facility to see what they are working on, I am always impressed by how well they have leveraged the open architecture concept in what they are doing from everything that they build from cockpit upgrades for Black Hawks, to an array of surveillance systems, targeting pods, electronic countermeasures. Everyone's testimony today has laid out the importance and the value of employing open architecture systems and how it is currently being used.    But beyond that, Mr. Lombardi, perhaps you could start because in your testimony you say that despite all the great work the Air Force has underway to enable modular open systems architecture within our systems, to capture the full value of an open architecture system, we must look at new approaches. Could you share with us what these approaches are and how this committee could be helpful in enabling this approach? And then I would also like to hear from the other witnesses too on what needs to change within the acquisition system to better enable this open architecture approach?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay.    General Williamson, perhaps you can address more directly what you think we can do to make open systems use a priority where appropriate in the design of weapons systems, and what are the impediments?    General Williamson. Yes, ma'am. I am going to give you two words. The first one is communications. That is the communications with industry, and that is the communications internally within your service for all of your programs. You have to make sure you are communicating what those standards are. As important as that word is, the real one is discipline. So just declaring that you have standards is insufficient. So everyone today, so it is very interesting, everyone today talks about open systems architecture. I don't think there is a requirement for anyone to tell us to use open architecture. You really have to do that. If you want to do things so that you have a growth potential, if you want to have competition in the future to bring in components very quickly, you have to start with an open architecture. Where I find difficulties is when we talk open systems architecture, but then we will find a component or a thing that we really like that is proprietary, and then we adjust for that. And so you have to have the discipline.    And the example I would use is something like Google. So what is very interesting is when you look at all those apps that are out there, there are hundreds of thousands of applications that are built every single day, every year, but there is a standard. If you want to build an app and you want that app to work in that environment, you follow those standards, or you don't get to play. We have to have that discipline within our own organizations, not just for the current systems but for future systems. And industry has to believe that we are going to stay with those standards.    Ms. Duckworth. Good point.    Mr. Stackley, do you have anything to add?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Dr. Fleming.