    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for being here today.    I would just say at the outset, it is troubling to me to hear your response to Mr. Beyer's questions, almost a dismissive nature of these breaches and kind of the nonchalant answers that you've given, particularly with the backdrop of cyber attacks on this country.    We hear every week in this Committee about the cybersecurity and how, at the highest levels of our government and in the private sector, computers are compromised every single day. And you look at--whether it's Chinese entities or Russian mob or domestic enterprises in the United States, I don't think anybody has any confidence that we have this under control. And it leads to a lot of uncertainty about how we tackle this issue.    And so when I hear about an agency, the FDIC, and the information that you control, it's concerning to me that you don't highlight this as an important breach and further investigation to find out what's at stake here. That's really concerning to me to hear that today.    Let me ask some specific questions here. Mr. Gross, in your opening statement you state that the downloading of the personal identifiable information in all the breaches FDIC reported to Congress was ``inadvertent'' and ``non-adversarial.'' Is that accurate?    Mr. Gross. That's correct, sir.    Mr. LaHood. I want to direct your attention to Exhibit one, which is a document sent by the FDIC legal department to one of the former FDIC employees who left the agency with unauthorized materials on a portable storage device. According to this document, which is dated December 2, 2015, when asked about her actions, she said ``she would never do such a thing.'' And that it would be against FDIC policy and that she knows the policy. When asked if she owns an external hard drive, she said she did not know what an external hard drive is. And she stated that ``in any event, she does not own such a device.''    Now, Mr. Gross, do you stand by your statement that this person is non-adversarial?    Mr. Gross. Sir, if I could, one, I'd like to draw the scale because in your opening comment you mentioned the difference between the current incidents and if we had a third-party bad actor in our system. And I don't want to be dismissive. Any loss of information, regardless of how that information is lost, is significant. It's important, and we need to pay attention to it.    I think what we have to do is to draw to scale, though, the different incidents that we have. If there was a third-party actor in my system today, the way the policy is currently constructed, unless that third-party has taken an amount of records, it may not meet the criteria of a major, but I can assure you, if there was a bad actor in our system today, it would be reported as a major, especially if I know that they're adversarial in nature and they intend to do harm to the organization or the agency. I could care less if they were reading the menu for the FDIC. If it's a bad actor and they're in our system today, it is reported, and it falls into the major category.    These incidents where we had employees that left had multiple years of faithful service to the FDIC. These are different circumstances.    Mr. LaHood. I understand that, Mr. Gross. My specific question that I asked you, I--the exhibit that's up there, I mean, do you stand by the statement that this person is non-adversarial?    Mr. Gross. I do. And let me give some context. When the employee departs the FDIC, they sign a document indicating that they have not taken any information with them. When we go back to that employee and we have proof, because of our DLP capabilities, that in fact they have downloaded information, at that instance that conversation is an employee who now realized I've made a mistake. And as a result of that, that relationship has to be managed from the standpoint of a trusted employee who now realizes that they inadvertently took information, and now they're caught misrepresenting the truth.    So I do stand by that from the standpoint is I believe that the employee inadvertently took the material and now they find themselves in an awkward situation where their closing statement doesn't match the actual facts.    Mr. LaHood. Yes. Well, I understand your statement, what you're saying there. I mean, this is not a foolproof system. It clearly is not. And the nature of the world we live in now with cyber attacks and foreign entities and what's out there, that's what's, I guess, concerning about the protocol that you went through here.    Let me follow up. So was she telling the truth when she said ``she would never do such a thing''?    Mr. Gross. I believe she, on the surface, was telling the truth, but I don't think she really understood that she had taken--one, I think she realized she took her personal data. I don't believe she realized she took FDIC-specific data. And in each of these cases, these are all referred to the IG's office. Every one of these cases we had asked the IG if they were going to investigate the case. The response we received is that there was no criminal activity; therefore, it did not warrant any further action on their part.    Mr. LaHood. Mr. Gibson, let me ask you. Do you agree with Mr. Gross that this person was non-adversarial?    Mr. LaHood. And so you don't necessarily agree with that statement and they have a different opinion, is that fair to say?    Mr. LaHood. I see my time is expired. Let me just ask another question here.    I'm going to refer to Exhibit number two. Mr. Gross, this is an email dated April 28, 2016, to you from the acting Chief Information Security Officer at the FDIC. The message says, ``We were notified of the $10,000 record count of these incidences on April 27, so the seven-day reporting requirement will be on May 4, 2016.'' Mr. Gross, what incidents is the acting Chief Information Security Officer referring to?    Mr. Gross. I'm not really sure from just looking at this document, but I believe what he's talking about are one of the incidents that we retroactively went back and looked at.    Mr. LaHood. And you understood the seven-day reporting period, correct?    Mr. Gross. Actually, this may have been an incident that was reviewed by the DBMT and already deemed as closed. Without actually looking closer at the document and getting the other information, I'm not sure of that. But we went back retroactively, and some of the incidents that we reported, they had already been reviewed by the DBMT and it had been deemed a breach but a low-risk breach.    Mr. LaHood. Did you report the incident to Congress by May 4, as required by the law?    Mr. Gross. I don't know if this incident was reported by May 4. I believe it was reported in the recent report where we provided five different incidents to the Congress.    Mr. LaHood. Yes. I mean, in looking at what the--information I have, it was not reported within the seven days, and actually, it appears on May 9 it was reported, so it was outside of that window. Do you disagree with that?    Mr. Gross. I don't agree or disagree without looking at--but I believe this was included in the report for all of the incidents. My question would be is was this incident previously closed by the DBMT and deemed as a low-risk? So therefore, the seven-day clock would have actually started long before we completed the record count. It would have been back when the incident may have been initially reviewed.    Mr. LaHood. Well, when I look at this document, it looks like this--I mean, clearly, in that quote that I sent to you, you're notified of the incidents on April 27 and told that it has to be done by May 4. It appears that it's outside that window. I guess it just as a follow-up, Mr. Gibson, should incidents such as this that we're discussing today be reported to Congress within a timely manner?    Mr. LaHood. It appears from this document in Exhibit two that that was the case and it wasn't done within the seven-day period.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you. I went over my time.