    Ms. Matsui. Thank you very much for yielding to me. Welcome back, Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai. It is great to see you again. I know you have a busy agenda, and I want to briefly highlight two priorities that I know we are all interested in.    The first is making more spectrum available. Spectrum is our nation's invisible infrastructure of the 21st century. It is critical to keep our wireless economy growing. We need to talk about how to put more spectrum into the pipeline so we can continue to meet the demand. Congressman Guthrie and I have a bipartisan bill to create new incentives for Federal users. We need to continue to explore these solutions.    The second is making broadband access more affordable. Millions of Americans are still on the wrong side of the digital divide. The Lifeline Program can, and should, help these Americans get, and stay, connected. I know the FCC has started work on these very important reforms, but we need to finish the job.    I look forward to working with the whole Commission as we talk about these matters, and hopefully make progress on this. And I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you.    Ms. Matsui. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Matsui. I don't want to get in the middle of this.    Ms. Matsui. Thank you very much, and Mr. Doyle, thank you very much too.    Chairman Wheeler, after next year's incentive auction the FCC would have implemented the last auction Congress identified in the 2012 Spectrum Act, yet consumer demand for wireless services that rely on spectrum continues to explode, and we know it takes a long time to plan for any new spectrum auction. Mr. Chairman, do you agree that we need to create a spectrum pipeline for the next decade?    Ms. Matsui. OK. Now, what do you think are the first steps for the policymakers to consider?    Ms. Matsui. Yes.    Ms. Matsui. Well, we intend to keep the spotlight on, so thank you. Congress tasked the FCC with balancing many priorities in the upcoming incentive auction, unleashing new spectrum for licensed mobile broadband, protecting consumer access to local broadcasting, and creating new opportunities for unlicensed spectrum use. If done right, the FCC can ensure that the incentive auction clears a significant amount of beachfront spectrum needed to fuel our wireless economy, while protecting over the air broadcasting, and preserving the chance for unlicensed innovation.    I know a lot of concerns have been raised, and that the FCC is scheduled to make some key decisions at your August meeting. Chairman Wheeler, what is the FCC doing to make sure stakeholders can feel confident in the incentive auction?    Ms. Matsui. Yes.    Ms. Matsui. Yes.    Ms. Matsui. OK. I am going to ask you too, are we on track to see the incentive auction successfully completed next year in a way that preserves the goals that Congress intended?    Ms. Matsui. OK. I am a longtime advocate for modernization of the Lifeline Program. Broadband is a necessity, whether it is applying for a job, growing a small business, or parents helping their kids with homework, and I applaud the FCC for starting a rulemaking earlier this year to bring Lifeline into the 21st century. Mr. Chairman, what are the next steps for Lifeline reform?    Ms. Matsui. Yes.    Ms. Matsui. Right.    Ms. Matsui. I agree with you. Thank you very much, and I yield back.