    Mr. Ridley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cohen, Members of the Task Force for the opportunity to testify related to the benefits of congressionally identified transportation improvement projects, more commonly referred to as earmarks.    We also appreciate the critical charge and the important work of the Task Force, and strongly encourage all possible action, in responsible limit, to reduce and eliminate Federal regulatory burden on citizens, business, and government entities.    The deficiency of a long-underfunded national transportation system cannot be resolved by States alone. They require increasing a congressionally influenced Federal investment level and a long-term improvement strategy. Scarce Federal transportation discretionary dollars should not be unduly influenced by other fringe or completely unrelated initiatives, and should instead by wholly focused on critically needed transportation improvements.    The resolution of our ongoing transportation funding crisis and cracking of new, more efficient project and program delivery protocols must be jointly developed by a renewed State and Federal partnership. Such a partnership must be based on trust and alliance between the State, local leaders, and our congressional Members, along with the clear and mutual understanding of the critical and growing needs of the infrastructure system.    Oklahoma has had a long history of successfully communicating the State's transportation system needs to our congressional delegation and, in turn, receiving congressional support for critically needed investments.    Interstate 40 through downtown Oklahoma City and Interstate 44 east of the Arkansas River in Tulsa are two tremendously important examples of dramatic improvements to the national transportation linkage that simply would not have been possible for Oklahoma to complete without the congressionally-directed Federal support. Oklahoma utilizes an 8 year construction work program to develop and deliver many of our federally funded projects.    This plan is based on identified needs deficiency and is highly publicized around the State to ensure our transparency efforts. All projects in this plan have been fully vetted, are considered a priority, and are being actively advanced through the development process.    The encompassed projects are inherently a topic of constant conversation and focus of the Oklahoma Congressional Delegation. Our delegation was always quick to try and help with Federal funding for our 8 year plan projects when opportunities were presented.    It is important to recognize that any new addition of congressionally-identified project funding simply extended the planned investment and targeted projection, and enhanced the reach of the overall plan. While some earmarks were doomed to failure in some State, because there was never enough congressionally-identified directed funding to complete the initiative as conceived, conversely our 8 year construction work plan projects are typically well into development, enjoy solid mix of resource commitments, multifaceted resource availability provided by a high degree of flexibility, and offer the greatest opportunity for success.    Make no mistake, transportation infrastructure earmarks still exist today, such as the TIGER program, FASTLANE grants, but are largely directed through funding pools left to the discretion of the executive branch and the administration of the associated jurisdictional agencies. Oklahoma has been successful in garnering discretionary participation in improvement projects under these competitive programs.    However, the projects are sometimes developed to include additional elements that divert a percentage of the funding away from the more direct transportation infrastructure investments and toward fringe enhancements to garner favor with perceived executive priorities.    I believe that there is an inherent need for a methodology to facilitate congressionally identified projects that can assist with transportation infrastructure improvements of national significance and that clearly and undeniably support our national transportation network.    Opportunities that encourage State leaders' and officials' interaction with their congressional delegations that require detailed explanations of the need of the national transportation network can only have positive outcomes. A carefully direct, transparent project vetting process is paramount and should be mandated before any congressionally identified funding is committed.    In addition, the responsible congressional Committee leadership and Committee Members should be provided with greater influence to shape and direct all facets of the Federal program. Discretionary transportation funding programs should be utilized to encourage a greater understanding of the critical needs of the national transportation system, and should require the broad support of Congress, rather than to be styled to pursue a narrowly defined agenda almost entirely by the executive branch.    I might make mention also, Mr. Chairman, that a couple of earmarks that come to light are the inland waterway system was an earmark, and so was our National System of Highways or the interstate system was both earmarks.    Mr. Chairman, Members, thank you again for the opportunity to visit with you today. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Ridley. Well, if I may, Mr. Chairman, give you just an example. Prior to 2010, Oklahoma had six zones that were covered under the Davis-Bacon Act. In 2010, for whatever reason, the Labor Department decided to do an audit and look at ours--and ours is a rural State, has two metropolitan areas, an Oklahoma City area and Tulsa area, but relatively a rural State other than that--and they came up with 66 zones.    Now, an average highway project can be six to eight miles long. Therefore, many times, these projects fall within two or three zones. So, if you can imagine a contractor trying to keep track of a dozer operator's wages as he passes through the total project or even a truck driver as he passes through the project, it makes it extremely difficult for a contractor to not only bid their job, but also to be able to keep track of it. Therefore, that causes risk, and any time you have risk in a highway project, that increases the cost.    It is also difficult to administer by the DOTs--difficult and almost impossible to audit. So, it is a huge cost. The dollar amount I do not know, Mr. Chairman. I do not know that I can grasp it, but you had made mention of the 15 to 20 percent. I think that is probably fairly close. It is an unbelievable cost, again, because of the time that it takes to do it, but more importantly, the risk that a contractor has in trying to develop a bid document and be able to progress the project.    Mr. Ridley. Certainly on the legal aspects. I would not have a comment certainly on Article I of the Constitution. My understanding is that Congress is the one that decides where the money is spent.