    Mrs. Lowey. Well, I thank the Chairman and I want to apologize to our distinguished Commissioner, but there are several hearings going on.    Mrs. Lowey. So thank you and welcome.    First of all, thank you so much, as a distinguished graduate of Duke, thank you so--not me. You.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you so much for taking on this responsibility. We are very, very appreciative and honored.    Taxpayers need clarity in the Tax Code and responsiveness from the IRS. The fiscal year 2016 request would address the funding shortfalls at the IRS, which are projected to result in as many as 57 percent of phone calls going unanswered in 2015, by raising the level of service on phones to 80 percent. The IRS is at its lowest funding level since fiscal year 2008. And if you take into account inflation, it is now at the fiscal year 1998 level. And, since that time, the number of filers has increased by 23 percent. I should repeat those statistics again. I know the Chair and all of my colleagues would quickly give you all the money that you would like to have so you can do your job effectively.    Nina Olson, the National Taxpayer Advocate, and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, J. Russell George, both testified before this subcommittee a few weeks ago and mentioned their concern about the impacts of the cuts to the IRS' ability to function properly. The American people deserve better. We can only be hopeful that this Congress will start to be reasonable and realize that it is harming taxpayers with these ill-considered cuts.    So I have three quick questions: If you could, explain how this budget request will increase services to taxpayers. Number two, 75 percent of this budget request is vested in staffing. How does this level of staff funding impact taxpayer services? Specifically, how will this impact call wait times for taxpayers? And, thirdly, how much revenue are we losing annually due to enforcement cuts? And ultimately, what would this budget request do to facilitate voluntary tax compliance?    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I do hope that in a bipartisan way we can respond to your real concern. The cuts are really hurting taxpayers. We are all concerned about the deficit, but we have to figure out, if we want to collect the revenue and collect the taxes, how do we provide better services? Thank you very much.    And thank you.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, thank you very much, Chairman Crenshaw and Ranking Member Serrano for holding this hearing.    And to my friend Secretary Lew, thank you for joining us today.    Mr. Secretary, your fiscal 2016 budget requests $14.3 billion for the Department of the Treasury's operating bureaus and $2.9 billion for international programs, which is covered by the Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations. As you have noted, the President's budget would achieve $1.8 trillion of deficit reduction over 10 years, primarily from reforms to our health, tax, and immigration systems. If it were adopted, deficits would continue to decline to about 2.5 percent of GDP over the 10-year budget window, which is down 75 percent from a peak of 9.8 percent. And we added more jobs in 2014 than in any year since the late 1990s. And yet, we can and must do more to continue to provide access to capital and get people back to work.    In other hearings some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have stated their opposition to many of the revenue portions of the budget request. While I believe Congress should closely scrutinize and shape the final product, I would point out the constraints that our committee has operated under. Even excluding sequestration, Congress has passed and President Obama has signed into law more than $2.5 trillion in deficit reduction, $1.5 trillion of which has come from discretionary spending cuts. In fact, discretionary investments are on a path to be at their lowest level as a share of GDP since the Eisenhower administration.    I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle, after this committee has cut so much, are you really unwilling to close tax loopholes in order to invest more in transportation infrastructure, education, job training, biomedical research and other R&D efforts, and the military as well?    Thank you very much.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much.    Again, we appreciate your service.    I would like to turn to Iran for a moment because I have been very concerned by reports of various European commercial delegations traveling to Tehran in eager anticipation of sanctions relief and the prospect of doing business with Iran. And I must say, by way of background, Stuart Levey and now David Cohen have both been very professional and are doing a very thorough job.    The Administration has pledged to continue to strictly enforce existing sanctions on Iran, other than those relaxed under the interim deal. Yet I understand that Iran's oil exports are being offered from UAE trading firms acting as middlemen.    A couple of followup questions. Can you tell us the current status of overall Iranian oil exports? Are we talking to China and India, both of whom are reportedly increasing their imports from Iran this year? And if these trends continue, is the administration going to sanction those countries? Specifically, what are the exports to China, India, and Turkey? And will you make publicly available the Department's country-by-country estimates on Iranian oil imports?    So what is happening?    Mrs. Lowey. Maybe I will give you one general question. You have made clear that the President will not accept a budget that reverses our economic progress by locking in sequestration. What did you mean by this?    Mrs. Lowey. Well, I am delighted to have the offer to work with you, and I hope our chairman and all the other members of this committee will do the same.    Thank you very much.