    Dr. Hakkarainen. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield and Congressman McNerney and members of the committee. My name is Pekka Hakkarainen. I am vice president at Lutron. I have been employed there for 25 years.    I want to first thank the committee for giving me the opportunity to testify on the EPS Improvement Act. The bill before you fixes a needed technical issue with the Department of Energy's February 2014 EPS energy conservation standard that goes into effect on February 10th of this year. I am here today testifying on behalf of Lutron Electronics and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.    A number of NEMA's members who manufacture and distribute solid state LED lighting products are impacted by the DOE external power supply standard. My company Lutron Electronics is a privately held manufacturer founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Coopersburg, Pennsylvania. Our products range from consumer dimmers to motorized window shades to lighting management systems for both residential and commercial buildings, and they also include LED drivers. And we estimate that in the U.S. alone, our products save about $1 billion a year in consumer electricity bills.    In 2005, Congress amended the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to define and direct the Department of Energy to set standards for external power supplies, such as this device that I am holding here. An external power supply was defined as a device, a circuit that is used to convert household electric current into DC current or low voltage AC current to operate a consumer product. It can be readily seen that the definition of an external power supply uses the words ``external,'' ``power,'' and ``supply,'' but as technology has advanced this definition has created significant confusion in the lighting industry.    According to the Department of Energy, the EPS products that were meant to be covered are those that as it says convert household electric current to operate a consumer product such as a laptop computer or a smart phone or an answering machine, et cetera. However, given the broad definition in EPACT 2005, additional products were brought into the definition of a covered product via the DOE rulemaking process.    In 2014, DOE issued a final rule for the latest round of standards for external power supplies. Despite Lutron and other companies asking in writing and in public meetings for the Department to clearly identify what types of products impacting lighting technologies might be covered as external power supplies, no clear answer was provided until the final rule was issued. The final rule includes as regulated EPS certain drivers for solid state lighting products, such as perhaps this one, which industry and the efficiency community agree were never intended by Congress to be considered external power supplies.    The EPS Improvement Act resolves this unintended consequence by amending and clarifying the statutory definition of external power supply to exclude solid state lighting drivers that are designed to be connected to and power light-emitting diodes, LEDs, or organic light-emitting diodes, OLEDs that provide illumination. The bill then restates the conditions under which the DOE could undertake a rulemaking in the future for solid state drivers subject to current statutory requirements. Furthermore, the language also requires that DOE make public the testing procedure requirements for at least a year before any energy conservation standard for these technologies is prescribed.    This necessary fix has wide support. Not only does it have bipartisan support, but it also has support from both manufacturers and the energy efficiency community. And the same language has already passed the House by a voice vote as an amendment to H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015.    Without action before February 10th, solid state drivers would be left in the EPS final rule which would be disruptive for the transition to more energy-efficient lighting in the marketplace. As has already been stated, LED drivers represent the next wave of lighting technology and capabilities, and significant investment in this technology is ongoing in industry. Anything that would slow this evolving and beneficial technology would threaten additional investment.    I want to, lastly, especially thank Representatives Ellmers, Dent, DeGette, Pompeo, and Matsui whose leadership is very much appreciated on this issue. Thank you, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Yes, we have been working on the Senate side. My colleagues from NEMA would be better experts on where exactly we stand over there.    Dr. Hakkarainen. There would be uncertainty as to whether the EPS rule affects LED drivers and which ones. The Department of Energy has not provided industry sufficient guidance on that issue, and we are here to ask for clarity.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Quite probably would, yes.    Dr. Hakkarainen. So in this case we are not actually talking about the light bulb that has the internal driver. You are quite right that----    Dr. Hakkarainen . Those are the consumer products, and they are not, in my understanding, affected by the EPS standards that the DOE has.    Dr. Hakkarainen. But it affects products such as this, a separate driver that goes into a, more like a commercial grade luminaire lighting fixture where the LED lamps or strips are separately installed by the luminaire manufacturer.    Dr. Hakkarainen. No, that is fine.    Dr. Hakkarainen. That is correct.    Dr. Hakkarainen. It changes the situation for LED drivers because it excludes them from the definition of an external power supply, and then it further directs DOE in the future to develop separate standards for LED drivers.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Correct.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Certainly. An external power supply such as this device here----    Dr. Hakkarainen. It takes household electric current, 120 volts powered from a 120-volt supply, and converts it typically to a DC voltage, to five volts, nine volts, something like that. And there is a single stage of power conversion in that process. In an LED driver there are two stages of power conversion. First, we convert from the AC power supply, which could be 120 volts but it is often actually 277 volts in commercial buildings, and converts that to a relatively high voltage DC power bus, as we say, inside the driver. And that is then further modulated to operate the LED lighting properly, to essentially to drive the LED lighting. So there are two stages of power conversion.    In addition, these modern LED drivers have other features as well, such as being connected to the external world, to the building infrastructure, to the Internet, for example. So there are additional features here that external power supplies typically don't have.    Dr. Hakkarainen. It would certainly be costly. I am not even certain that it would be possible.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Correct.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Yes, that is correct, because if LED and OLED drivers are not available then the energy efficiency on buildings decreases.    Dr. Hakkarainen. It certainly will help ensure that and to the how we will be able to dedicate our technical resources to that development rather than dealing with the regulatory uncertainty. We all have limited resources and it is the same resources that would be required for both.    Dr. Hakkarainen. So in terms of real-world applications, I think the sort of examples I would like to give are commercial building projects where LED lighting is used today. So, for example, in your State in Ohio, Procter & Gamble headquarters and Eaton headquarters both use LED lighting today. In California there are lots of headquarters type projects such as Apple and salesforce.com and companies like that that have moved to LED lighting. Wells Fargo in North Carolina is another example. So they tend to be commercial buildings and industrial buildings.    A little bit of these types of LED driver products also make their way to residential buildings, but in residences we tend to have screw-in lamps more than the higher-cost commercial grade products. Does that help?    Dr. Hakkarainen. They are being impacted today because the statutory definition of an external power supply is pretty broad and DOE's general counsel has interpreted the statutory definition to bring in quite a large range of products. So the debate is indeed about which ones of these LED and OLED drivers are brought into the definition and there is not sufficient clarity for manufacturers today and that is why we are here asking you to provide that clarity.    Dr. Hakkarainen. I don't have really anything further to add. I think Jennifer said it very well.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Why SSL was not----    Dr. Hakkarainen. So I am not sure that I can answer that question, really. My sense is that DOE did not analyze any solid state lighting products in the development of the external power supply standard. But then, because of the broad statutory definition of an external power supply, they after the fact concluded that they may very well be in the scope.    Dr. Hakkarainen. If solid state lighting drivers are included in the external power supply standard, then the sort of costs, if it is even possible for drivers to meet the external power supply standard--that is still a question in my mind--but if we found a way over time to get to that point, then the driver devices would be significantly more expensive for consumers and they would take a long time for our technical staff to develop.    Dr. Hakkarainen. In my opinion at the moment, no.    Dr. Hakkarainen. Yes, we typically do work with, actively work with the energy efficiency community and certainly collaborate with DOE in their rulemaking processes. Relative to the external power supplies themselves, I am not sure I can answer that question because we don't actually manufacture those devices.    Dr. Hakkarainen. But we manufacture LED drivers.