    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Ranking Member Waters. I get confused sometimes, but I think I heard Mr. Calabria say that he agreed that we did have a crisis in this country. Is that correct?    Mr. Meeks. Because I want to make sure, does anybody disagree with the fact that there was a major crisis in this country? Okay. So when we had this crisis, we who are Members of Congress represent this country. We take an oath to try to do the best that we can in this country. So something should be done when you had this crisis because we were in freefall.    If I recall--I can recall individuals coming to tell me that if we didn't do something and do it quickly, our whole financial structure would be in failure, and as a result of that, not only would we be devastated, but the financial institutions across the world would be devastated.    That is how bad it was. In fact, I can recall that we first voted to do nothing and then we had to come back because--we hear the stock market fell about 800 points and everything was going in and it was panic. And so--and at that time it wasn't, I heard some people say, well, under President Obama, President Obama wasn't here yet. So he didn't cause this crisis. Can we all agree on that?    Mr. Meeks. Okay. So this crisis happened. Things were done and at that time, the regulations that you are talking about that are costing a lot of money now, we didn't have anything in place then.    And so, that was--things were starting to fall and we are going down. Now, we passed Dodd-Frank. And I am the first to say that I don't know since I have been in Congress now close to 18 years. I don't know of any perfect bill, so I am not claiming that Dodd-Frank is a perfect bill. But I do know that as we put things in place in regards to Dodd-Frank and I do know that there were some Republican ideas.    Maybe we didn't get a single Republican vote, but I do know that Mr. Frank worked across lines and got Republican ideas and put those ideas into the Dodd-Frank legislation.    So it was, in fact, not just Democrat ideas in Dodd-Frank. It was both Democrat and Republican ideas in Dodd-Frank, but politics dictated that no Republican vote for it.    But it was a fact when you look at the document itself. So here we are now 5 years later, and I look at the title of this hearing, ``Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Stable?'' And from what I am hearing from all of you where we were then, we were not stable at all. We were headed downhill into catastrophic areas. So I think that just by the very logic of the hearing itself that any logical person would have to say 5 years later, we are more stable with Dodd-Frank than we were without Dodd-Frank because Dodd-Frank didn't exist 5 years ago and we were in bad shape.    And we are in better shape now, so there is no question that we are more stable now than we were then. And in fact, from what I hear, especially with private sector jobs, I understand that the private sector has created over 12.8 million new jobs over 64 consecutive months of job growth.    And I know before then we were losing 400,000 to 500,000 jobs per month. So we have to be in better shape now and more stable now than we were then just based upon sheer numbers. Normal household net worth has grown by about $30 trillion exceeding the pre-crisis levels.    So you may have your issues with Dodd-Frank, but you can't tell me Dodd-Frank is what caused some--we have problems because of Dodd-Frank, because without it we were in catastrophic problems.    With it, we are moving in a better direction and yes, I will grant to you, it is not a perfect bill and maybe there need to be some fixes we can work together on, but to say as I have heard from some, ``Let's do away with Dodd-Frank,'' to me that says, ``Let's go back to 2008,'' and that we cannot do.