    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Osuna, I appreciate your testimony and the fact that you are here. We've watched this grow over the years that it's not a big surprise to me to see these numbers grow the way they have. But I wonder if you can break this down for us a little bit.    I'm looking at numbers in your testimony. It says that there's a 457,106 case, I'll call it a backlog case, and it has increased more 298,171 since 2011. One, I can't exactly determine whether that's--if I can match up fiscal years. But could you tell me roughly how many additional cases have accrued on an annual basis over the last 4 or 5 years?    Mr. King. And if I average those numbers, that's about 75,000 a year that--so if it's 100,000 that's been added over, roughly, the last year that you can contribute, that, then, is an accelerating number, but probably more than acceleration, the 25,000 additional a year. I will just say, I've been down--I don't want to put words in your mouth; that's just my math.    But I've been down the road a good number of times. I recall standing on the banks of the Rio Grande River at Roma, Texas, with my video camera, a couple of Border Patrol agents, and watching as two coyotes drove around on the other side of the river until a shift change took place. And then they pulled the inflatable raft out of the trunk of their car, inflated it. Two coyotes help load a pregnant lady in that raft and came across the river, docked the river in the weeds on--excuse me--docked the raft in the weeds on the U.S. side of the river, helped her out, handed her two little bags of her possessions. She patiently stood there for the shift change to be complete so a Border Patrol agent could come along, pick her up. One could expect that she applied for asylum.    It seems to me that it's not that they fear enforcement, nor do they fear adjudication. They seem to welcome that. And so what is the percentage of asylum applicants that are granted asylum that are coming across our southern border, especially in the McAllen region?    Mr. King. You can actually go down through those records now and draw from those records the status of each one of them, put that in a spreadsheet and let this Congress know the status of these asylum claims by children that you've selected from the question I asked. It could be done, couldn't it?    Mr. King. I want to ask you on the record here, if you would produce the records, not only for children that apply for asylum, for all the asylees that apply, I'd like to see the results of that, the adjudication process, where it is, how many are pending, why. And I'll put this in a formal letter so that it's clear.    I won't ask you to remember all this, but I would like to see the effect of the continuances that have been offered. And the data that I'm looking at, at continuances are, the OIG's report, 953 cases reviewed by the OIG, 4,091 continuances offered or allowed for 953 cases, totaling 375,047 days in the aggregate. So it averages 92 days per continuance and 368 days per case. So every case that has an asylum application, by this GAO report, results in more than a year of continuances.    Have you looked at how to compress that so that we can get that adjudicated in a quick fashion? We know if we don't send them back, those that need to go back, they are going to keep coming.    Mr. King. Of course, I'm out of time. But I would just say a good cause is--would be unlikely to be four different good causes in a row on average for each case lasting a year. I conclude my questioning. I thank you for testifying.    And I yield back the balance of my time.