    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to get one question in to Mr. Adelstein about infrastructure during disasters like Hurricane Sandy, but then I want to get a question in to Governor Lewis, so I am trying to split this up.    Three years ago, Hurricane Sandy devastated my district. The force of the storm knocked out some communication for days. Mr. Adelstein, you testified about all the wireless infrastructure that is being deployed and upgraded across the country, and I support all this deployment, but my constituents are also concerned about whether the equipment works in a disaster.    So what is your industry doing to make sure people can call for help and reach loved ones in an emergency, and what do you think of the FCC's work to improve resiliency?    Mr. Pallone. Two minutes.    Mr. Pallone. Do you want to comment on the FCC's work? Because Chairman Wheeler committed to me that the FCC would act by the end of the year to complete its rulemaking on improving wireless network resiliency.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you.    Let me go to Governor Lewis, and I should say that I love the Gila River Reservation. I haven't been there in a long time. It is about time I go back.    But you know, on the one hand I was thinking that I guess relative to many tribes, you might have more ability than even some of the, you know, more remote or even poorer tribes, if you will, to achieve some of the goals that you mentioned. So I just wanted to ask about funding. You mentioned the Universal Service Fund. I guess the gentleman from Google talked about this Connect Home Initiative. I think the President was actually at the Choctaw Reservation last week or so talking about that.    I mean, what are these sources of funding? Is the Universal Service Fund useful to you now? What would we have to do to improve it? You know, what could the Federal Government do in terms of funding for tribal infrastructure, particularly for those tribes that might have even more difficulty. I am thinking of like the Pueblos in New Mexico or the tribes at the Grand Canyon, you know, smaller than Gila River, less funding available. How are these funds helpful to you, the ones that we do have, these programs that we do have, or are they?    Mr. Pallone. Now, are you using funds from Universal Service now?    Mr. Pallone. And how is that working? What does it mean? How do you do it?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.