    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate the witnesses for being here.    And, Ms. Miles, I must say, we have a lot of directors, secretaries that come in here, and a lot of times their demeanor is, in my opinion, almost despicable, and I want to commend you on how you are handling yourself today. I think all of us will say that we are wanting to work with you, we are wanting to work with the Governor, we are wanting to get issues resolved, but we are having a hard time understanding where FERC is going. And I understand you control, you know, a small piece of that pie, but we all are having problems. I mean one of the most common complaints I have in my district, I represent the eastern part of Oklahoma, the entire eastern side of Oklahoma, and we have many lakes and several of them are controlled by FERC, and it seems like FERC is growing in their influence in our state. In particular on the shorelines. And, Ms. Miles, you mentioned on page 13 in your testimony that the Federal Power Act determined that matters related to shoreline use, such as recreational flood control and environmental protection, are sometimes more of a local concern and, thus, should be resolved by an entity that is required to consider the overall public interest. Could expand on that comment a little bit more?    Ms. Miles. Yes. Congress established the regime in the Federal Power Act that, in exchange for the use of the public waters of the United States, that licensees need to satisfy public interests, and the public interest might be recreation, it might be the environmental values of the area.    Mr. Mullin. But what I am trying to get to, are you saying that that should actually be determined by FERC, it shouldn't be determined by the state?    Ms. Miles. That is the regime that was established by Congress. The commission only has responsibility over the lands that are owned or controlled by the licensee. It does not have any responsibility over lands that are under private control. So the shoreline management plans that you are referring to would only cover that licensee-owned portion of the project.    Mr. Mullin. Completely agree with that, but I represent an area called Grand Lake which is very similar to the Lake of the Ozarks, and also--and Missouri, obviously, and there was an issue going on in--it was either Lake of the Ozarks or Table Rock Lake, I think it was Lake of the Ozarks, where, basically, FERC has come up onto the shorelines and was redrawing the boundary. And last year, I sat in the chairman's office and we asked FERC about this, and they basically described the situation saying that, well, we are using different boundaries now because, back then we used basically the stick surveying mark, and now we are using GPS, and the old boundaries basically aren't acceptable anymore. And so FERC is injecting themselves on telling people how big their house can be on the shoreline, which they own, telling people how many boat slips they can have, and telling them that the existing structures that was built inside the boundaries are no longer acceptable and have to be torn down. And it threw a whole big mess on the shorelines that now we are having the same issue in Grand Lake. And I thinking, well, FERC doesn't even have the ability to control what they have. I mean we are talking about pipelines, we are talking about infrastructure, we are talking about things that you already have and you can't control it, and now you are inserting yourself farther onto the shorelines. And the way I am understanding it is that you are in agreement with that, that you should be inserting yourself farther on to the shorelines, when actually, the states would be more capable of controlling that. Wouldn't you agree with that?    Ms. Miles. I can't speak to the individual project that you are raising.    Mr. Mullin. I understand you can't speak to it, but if I am understanding it that you are saying that FERC should probably take control of that area, but what I am saying is don't you agree that maybe the state should? I mean you can't handle what you are getting to right now. You don't have the manpower or the capability to even do something that is as simple as permit gas lines.    Ms. Miles. What I am saying is that Congress basically authorized the regime that the license includes the land that is necessary for project purposes, which includes the generation of electricity as well as the protection of both developmental and non-development or environmental resources.    Mr. Mullin. So how can I help you get this off your plate then? What would you like to see Congress do with this regime, as you are referring to, because we refer to the FERC a lot as the regime too, and so how do I help you get rid of this regime that you are talking about?    Ms. Miles. If Congress wants to change the balance, then we certainly would be----    Mr. Mullin. Would you be supportive of it?    Ms. Miles. I would need to see what it looked like.    Mr. Mullin. OK, thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.