    Mr.  Barr. I thank Mr. Ross for his leadership on trying to tackle this complex issue.    Mr. Murphy, I thank you as well for your efforts in trying to deal with what is clearly a very complicated issue and a huge potential liability for the taxpayers and an affordability issue, frankly, for a lot of my constituents in rural central and eastern Kentucky. I appreciate what H.R. 2901 is trying to do in terms of clarifying that State insurance regulators have the authority to regulate private flood insurance, clarifying the definition of private flood insurance. But I want to have Ms. Miller, Mr. Bradshaw--Mr. Kelley actually address a point that Mr. Birnbaum is making, which I think is a pretty interesting and good point. And that is that there is this impediment to private insurance offering flood coverage based on just the simple fact that they have to compete with the subsidized rates of the NFIP. Even if H.R. 2901 does move us in the right direction in these areas, what do we do about this fundamental problem, about the competition with subsidized rates?    Mr.  Barr. Mr. Bradshaw?    Mr.  Barr. Thank you.    And as we move to Mr. Kelley, Mr. Kelley, if you could answer just two specific questions as we--in response to Mr. Birnbaum's testimony. In your view, as an advocate of H.R. 2901, what is preferable about Ross-Murphy to the TRIA model that Mr. Birnbaum is advocating? What is preferable to the surplus lines solution to the TRIA model that Mr. Birnbaum is advocating? And, secondly, could you respond to Mr. Birnbaum's contention that H.R. 2901 would give surplus lines insurers the ability to cherry-pick NFIP policies that are overpriced and low risk, making the NFIP more financially vulnerable? I am really interested to hear your thoughts on that.    Mr.  Barr. The issue of cherry-picking.    Mr.  Barr. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr.  Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just to follow up on an issue, there is a pretty good consensus here that we need to incentivize more private participation in flood insurance, obviously. But beyond the Ross-Murphy approach to bring in more surplus lines, companies that write NFIP policies currently have to sign this noncompete clause, which pushes these companies to the sidelines in terms of developing and offering private flood insurance policies.    For any of the witnesses who are interested in this, would you support language in H.R. 2901 or other legislation that would eliminate this noncompete clause that is currently required by FEMA?    Mr.  Barr. I would love Mr. Kelley to respond. But it seems like, in advocating the TRIA model, you are avoiding this adverse selection, cherry-picking issue, but you still have a Federal backstop in either model. And I am just wondering which is the better model?    Mr. Kelley, do you want to weigh in on that?    Mr.  Barr. Ms. Miller, do you have any thoughts?    Mr.  Barr. Let me just follow up with one final question. Mr. Birnbaum is making the argument that the Ross-Murphy bill would actually exacerbate the financial solvency problems of the NFIP.    I think we all agree that we don't want to get the NFIP in more financial distress than it already is. So, as advocates of the Ross-Murphy approach, do any of you all--Ms. Miller, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Kelley--want to address that issue?    Mr.  Barr. Mr. Kelley?    Mr.  Barr. I yield back.