    Mr. Busdeker. Chairman Gibbs, Ranking Member Napolitano and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to be here today.    I am Doug Busdeker of Pemberville, Ohio, in northwest Ohio. I am employed by the Andersons in Maumee, Ohio. I serve as a board member of the Ohio AgriBusiness Association, which represents the Ohio crop nutrient industry, along with grain, feed, seed and crop protection.    The Andersons, Incorporated, my employer, was founded in 1947 by Harold Anderson and built the first grain elevator in Maumee, Ohio. Currently I serve as a senior manager for Northern Farm Centers consisting of Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.    I am pleased to be here today to relate the many positive agricultural activities occurring in the Western Lake Erie Basin. During my career I have engaged with farmers, engaged as an agricultural retailer in the region.    Following the large algal bloom that occurred in 2011 in the Western Lake Erie Basin, many in the agricultural community recognized that agricultural retailers and farmers would need to play a bigger role finding solutions to address water quality challenges. Healthy water, clean, fishable and drinkable water is important to everyone, including all in agriculture. We recognize that agriculture must be part of the solution.    Following the algal bloom of 2011, the Nature Conservancy partnered with several key agricultural retailers in the Western Lake Erie Basin to develop the 4R Nutrient Stewardship Certification Program. This voluntary program was focused on agricultural retailers since agronomists, certified crop advisers, sales personnel, and applicators were recognized as having a strong influence on nutrient use.    Currently 17 agricultural retailers have been certified representing 1.2 million acres of cropland and 3,200 farmers in Ohio and Michigan. Another 10 are awaiting confirmation. Since our program launch on March 18, 2014, a total of 71 agricultural retailers are in the process or have indicated interest in becoming certified.    The 4R Nutrient Certification Program was founded on the Fertilizer Institute's 4R Nutrient Stewardship Principles of the right source, right rate, right time, and right place, and includes social, economic and environmental BMPs .    SCS Global, a respected independent audit development firm, was hired to create the 4R Nutrient Stewardship Certification standard. This standard involves 41 different specific criteria that are audited to become certified. Many newer BMPs are already occurring in the Western Lake Erie Basin. Cover crops of all types are growing in popularity. Equipment manufacturers are offering several new tillage options to inject crop nutrients below the surface. Application of gypsum is quickly being adopted, the sequestered phosphorus reducing dissolved reactive phosphorus runoff.    Use of nutrient management plans to precisely determine the required nutritional balance for each crop is common. Commercial fertilizer nutrients are one of the single largest expense for traditional growers, and overuse leads to undesirable financial implications.    Improving soil health resonates with all farmers. There is still much work to be accomplished, but conservation activities advance each year. On April 2, 2015, Ohio Governor John Kasich signed Senate bill 1 into law. Senate bill 1 prohibits manure and fertilizer application when fields are frozen, snow-covered or saturated.    In addition, Ohio Senate bill 150, which requires anyone applying fertilizer on 50 acres or more to become certified, was signed by the Governor in May 2014.    The Ohio AgriBusiness Association fully supported passage of both Senate bill 1 and Senate bill 150.    Research has shown that algal blooms in the Western Basin of Lake Erie are predominantly the result of excess dissolved reactive phosphorus in our rivers and streams. While the exact source and why the increasing amounts of DRP is not clearly understood, research has shown that transport from agricultural land plays a significant role.    In the 1970s and 1980s, when Lake Erie was in serious trouble, through research farmers widely adapted new tillage techniques, such as no-till conservation tillage. These practices remain in place today and contribute greatly to a reduction in particulate phosphorus runoff and erosion.    Additional research is needed to identify new BMPs that support a reduction of dissolved reactive phosphorus during periods of extreme rainfall. To that end the fertilizer industry has committed $7 million to establish a 4R research fund. The goal of the fund is to establish sustainability indicators and environmental impacts for implementation of 4R Nutrient Stewardship across America. The fund provides a much needed resource for the focus on measuring and documenting the economic, social and environmental impacts of 4R Nutrient Stewardship.    For the sake of time, I thank you again for this opportunity to provide you with an update on the many positive activities and projects occurring in the Western Basin of Lake Erie as we seek solutions to improve water quality.    We all share the goal of having clean water for many generations to come.    I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Busdeker. Mr. Chairman, thank you for that question.    Not directly for the 4R Certification Program. That has been funded by industry as well as the folks who become certified that go through the audit. They have to pay for the auditing process and so forth.    Mr. Busdeker. Well, that is becoming very common. We call it variable rate technology in terms of application of nutrients, and I would say that is becoming commonplace. It is not 100 percent, but it is rapidly progressing forward as the way to apply nutrients.    Mr. Busdeker. Yes, that is correct. And we have actually for years, many, many years previously, used one rate across a field, but today we are breaking this up into individual management zones based on yields, and that has been occurring not on all fields, but we are progressing that way. That is kind of becoming the way of the industry.    Mr. Busdeker. Well, they are doing a lot in the area, especially with the cover crops and the various things that are going on. They are a great help, yes.    Mr. Busdeker. Well, the voluntary part that you have made mention was the certification program for the agricultural retailer.    Mr. Busdeker. Well, not 70 percent. We have got I think it was 17, I believe I said, that were certified agricultural retailers. Now, that is not farmers. That represents about 1.2 million acres in the Western Basin of Lake Erie and about 3,200 farmers.    But as far as the participation and all in this nutrient management and so forth, that is a pretty high percentage of farmers because really our sales and certified crop advisors provide that information to the grower.    Mr. Busdeker. Specifically I am not sure I understand the question.    Mr. Busdeker. Well, we know based on crop production. That is how we determine how much to apply. It starts with a soil test. Then we go through the crop production. We determine yield goals, and then we determine how much nutrient needs to be applied, which includes livestock waste, if there is livestock waste, as well as commercial nutrients.    Mr. Busdeker. Certainly.    Mr. Busdeker. Yes and no. They could do more. We could always do more. There is a lot of work to be done. We are not----    Mr. Busdeker. Well, certainly cover crops are a big piece of what we are doing out here today; control structures on tile, and even maybe a little bit off to the side here, research is another big piece. We need to do more research on this edge of field work so we know where this dissolved reactive phosphorus is really coming and what BMPs can help mitigate it.