    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    The Internal Revenue Service, the IRS--perhaps no other agency, no other institution in our government causes more fear, more concern, more distress, or outright panic at the mere mention of their name than the IRS.    Entanglement with the IRS is never good. Most Americans work hard, pay their taxes, and just want to live a life free of harassment. And most of the IRS employees are good, decent, hardworking, patriotic people doing a tough job working for the government and are honest in their dealings, but, unfortunately, not all of them.    Nearly 2 years ago, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, often referred to as ``TIGTA,'' did an audit that confirmed what many on this committee had feared and heard: The IRS was targeting and delaying the applications for 501(c)(4) status of conservative nonprofit organizations because of their political beliefs.    The IRS was on the lookout for applications that focused on the national debt, ``criticized how the country was run,'' or that sought to educate the public on how to, ``make America a better place to live.''    These were conservatives trying to play by the rules, but some in the IRS didn't want them in the game. They didn't even want them to have a voice.    When it was first revealed that the IRS was targeting Americans and suppressing their First Amendment rights because of their political beliefs, President Obama said this, ``If, in fact, IRS personnel engaged in the kind of practices that have been reported on and were intentionally targeting conservative groups, then that is outrageous and there is no place for it. And they have to be held fully accountable, because the IRS, as an independent agency, requires absolute integrity, and the people have to have confidence that they are applying the laws in a nonpartisan way.''    I agree with the President. He was absolutely and totally right.    But, sometime right before the Super Bowl rolled around, before any of the investigations were complete, the President concluded there was, ``not even a smidgen of corruption.'' I have no idea how the President came to such a definitive conclusion without all the facts, but he obviously sent a signal as to how he would like this to be concluded.    On the one hand, the President has come to a conclusion, and, on the other hand, there's an ongoing investigation by the Inspector General and the Department of Justice.    But Congress has a role. As the new chairman of the Committee, I thought it would be appropriate to get an update on the investigation from the Inspector General. I want us to focus on the facts, wherever they may lead us.    And, thus far, the IRS, and specifically its commissioner, has given us a lot of different answers to some fairly simple questions.    The Oversight Committee subpoenaed the IRS in August 2013 seeking emails from Lois Lerner as well as others involved in the targeting. Months later, we did not have all the Lois Lerner emails. In an Oversight hearing on March 26, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified under oath that he had all the emails and he would produce all the emails.    Yet, on June 13, 2014, the IRS sent a letter to the Senate Finance stating a multiyear tranche of Lois Lerner's emails had been destroyed. A June 13, 2014, letter sent to Senate Finance said, ``IRS confirmed the backup tapes from 2011 no longer exist because they've been recycled pursuant to the IRS normal policy.''    June 20, 2014, before Ways and Means, Chairman Camp said, ``Your letter describes the Lois Lerner emails as being unrecoverable,'' Commissioner Koskinen: ``Correct.''    February 11, 2015, in an Oversight hearing, Mr. DeSantis of Florida says, ``You made the effort. You were not cavalier about this. You made the effort to find what the Committee wanted.'' Mr. Koskinen: ``Yes.''    The IRS Commissioner has said they went to, ``great lengths'' and made extraordinary efforts to recover the emails. This is but a small sampling of the Commissioner's definitive and precise Statements about the missing emails. Yet I believe what we will hear this evening is far different than we were led to believe.    To the men and women in the Inspector General office, we cannot thank you enough for your hard work, the long days that you're working to get the information to the American public and for this committee.    We look ultimately to reading the final report, but it is appropriate to give an update today, and so we appreciate you being here.    With that, I will yield back and recognize the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any Member who would like to submit a written Statement.    We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses. We're pleased to welcome the Honorable J. Russell George, Inspector General at the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration; and Mr. Tim Camus, Deputy Inspector General for Investigations with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.    We welcome you both.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. If will please rise about raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We understand you may have one Statement, as opposed to two 5-minutes, so we'll be very generous on your time. Feel free to take as much time as you need to make this--understanding that there will be one opening Statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Very good. Please proceed.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Camus?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Camus, from the time you started to try to find the tapes that contained the emails, how long did it actually take you to find them?    Chairman Chaffetz. But from the time you sought to go find the emails to--the tapes to the time you actually got to the place in West Virginia, how long did that take?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, despite everything that the IRS said, from the time you started to the time you found them was about 2 weeks.    Chairman Chaffetz. When you showed up and talked to the IT people and said, well, what's happened here, what did they tell you?    Chairman Chaffetz. Had anybody ever asked them for the tapes?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we send a subpoena, we send letters, we have hearings, we hear all kinds of excuses from the IRS: They can't have them, they're recycled, they've been destroyed, they're not available, we can't find--I mean, every excuse you can have under the sun.    You start; you find them in 2 weeks. And then when you go talk to the IT people who are there in charge of them, they told you that they were never even asked for them. Is that correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are there potentially even more tapes?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you investigating any potential criminal activity?    Chairman Chaffetz. For potential criminal activity?    Chairman Chaffetz. The IRS first knew that there were problems with the emails back in February 2014, didn't they?    Chairman Chaffetz. By April 2014, they had concluded that they had a problem on their hands. But it wasn't until June 2014 that TIGTA actually became aware that there were problems, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I guess that's part of what my colleagues need to understand here, is that the IRS knew that there were problems back in February 2014, but it wasn't until June 2014 that they actually started to let Congress and TIGTA know, despite what the IRS Commissioner told us. He told us we were given full cooperation.    Mr. Koskinen said, ``We confirmed the backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed because they have been recycled.'' Is that true or false?    Chairman Chaffetz. Chairman Camp asked at one point, ``Your letter describes the Lois Lerner emails as being unrecoverable.'' Commissioner Koskinen responds, ``Correct.''    The Lois Lerner emails are ultimately recoverable, aren't they? At least a portion of them.    Chairman Chaffetz. I've got to tell you, I--we have been patient. We have asked. We have issued subpoenas. We have held hearings, the Ways and Means, Senate Finance, House Oversight and Government Reform.    It's just shocking to me that you start, 2 weeks later you're able to find the emails, you go and talk to the people who are in charge of this, and nobody even asked them for the tapes?    I've got to tell you, I really do appreciate the great work that you are doing on this.    You know, the ranking member, I've got the greatest respect for him. And he cited some statistics that I believe were given to him by the IRS--250 employees and thousands of hours and all this. But the one thing that we're trying to get to, and nobody even asked them for it. Didn't even ask.    I'll yield back.    I recognize the ranking member.    Chairman Chaffetz. Oh, my apologies.    We're going to recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman will share that document with the chair, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do that now, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I would note to the gentlewoman, the reason we're here is we haven't had an update in a year and a half. And just a little over a week ago, they found more than 400-and-some-odd tapes. They are pursuing a potential criminal investigation. They went to go find the tapes; it took them 15 days. We've had testimony time and time and time again from the IRS that said, we can't find them, they're destroyed, they've been duped over. And they found them in 15 days. That's, in part, why we're here today.    I now recognize----    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm going to recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize the gentleman from the Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired, but the gentleman, Mr. George, may answer the question.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. I will followup with you on that.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Ms. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I----    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman. Time has expired.    So we'll now recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentlewoman would yield.    Is there any evidence that there was an attempt to erase any of the tapes?    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough.    Chairman Chaffetz. And as the gentlewoman's time expires here, one of the reasons that we're doing this update, one of the things that causes us great concern is that, back at the Super Bowl, you know, the Super Bowl, the President is interviewed by Bill O'Reilly; he said there's not even a smidgeon of corruption here.    Nobody else has come to conclusions. We still have outstanding questions from the Department of Justice, from the Inspector General, from Congress. Somehow the President came to this conclusion. Fascinated to hear someday how in the world he thinks he can come to that conclusion without the facts.    But there is a lot of evidence, and Congress plays a role. We can't simply sit back. We are, too, also doing an investigation. And we have repeatedly--repeatedly had the Commissioner of the IRS come here and tell us a whole variety of stories that, based on the testimony we hear today, that ain't true. And that's why we continue to investigate.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. The protocol is such that we will only hear from members who have been sworn in at the Committee. And in fairness to all members, we are only going to make available for public comment those that all members on this committee have had an opportunity to question.    So we will leave the answers to Mr. George and Mr. Camus. If there is an appropriate time to followup with the individual staffers, I would welcome the minority and majority to both. But we need to leave the testimony with both Mr. George and Mr. Camus.    Chairman Chaffetz. In the spirit of doing that, the timeframe in which you do it, in the next 2 weeks, is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. He's writing it now. All right.    If he can get this to the Committee in the next few days, that would be most appropriate. And we may have it before the end of the hearing.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. This is the National Review article, June 25, 2014.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. Impressed with his timeliness in his questioning.    And now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman, Mr. Carter from Georgia, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. We're about to conclude this hearing. If you could come up and hand it to him, I think that would be very appropriate.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Listen, the hour's late. I appreciate the staffwho's staying here working late, other Members that are here.    And, certainly, we appreciate you and your testimony here. The work that you do within your organization is vital. It's important to Congress. Please let the men and women who work so hard day-in and day-out know that it is appreciated, it is needed, we do pay attention to it. And we thank them for their good, hard work.    This committee stands adjourned.