    Mr. SMITH. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here today for your testimony.    I want to focus my remarks on the Unemployment Insurance because this program provides cash benefits for people in the State of Missouri through the payroll taxes.    In the fiscal year 2014, the improper payment rate was 11.6 percent. It included $5.6 billion. To me, that is completely unacceptable and very awful.    I think about it from the perspective that, if I went to McDonald's and ordered an extra value meal, I would have over a 10 percent chance of having an incorrect order. Or if I went to my local bank and wanted to deposit my funds or to withdraw some funds, what if the bank was wrong more than 10 percent of the time in the amount that they gave me or the amount that they took out of my account? That would be completely unacceptable.    What do you think Members of Congress would think whenever they received their check every month that it was 10 percent less than what they were expecting? Or what about any, any, individual working from day to day on their paycheck got 10 percent less?    The American people don't accept this and it is just not absolutely right. It is unacceptable. When you look at more than $200 billion of Federal money being inappropriately or fraudulently spent, that is a problem.    The Department of Labor has set a goal of reducing their annual and proper payment rate from 11.6 percent to 11.3 for 2015.    Ms. Rohlman, do you think that is good enough?    Mr. SMITH. So you think just relaxing the rules, what you said, basically, modifying it, which is in the power of the Department of Labor, would probably reduce improper payments by how much?    Mr. SMITH. Mr. Eysink, would you respond to that.    Mr. SMITH. Let me ask you a quick question, then. The $5.6 billion that is used as improper payments in 2014, would that mean that there was actually, in fact, more improper payments above $5.6 billion and they factored in the money that they did recover or is the recovered amount included in the $5.6 billion?    Mr. SMITH. Thank you, Mr. Chair.