    Dr. Volz. Well, good morning, Chairmen Bridenstine and Loudermilk, Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittees. Thank you for the invitation to participate in today's hearing and to discuss the status of NOAA's satellite programs.    As both of you or many of you have mentioned, NOAA provides environmental intelligence in a global way that is timely, accurate, actionable and reliable space-based information to citizens, communities and business as they need to stay safe and to operate efficiently.    The NOAA satellite portfolio provides continuous satellite data that are integral to weather forecasting, and NOAA, working with NASA, conducts essential satellite development to ensure the continuity of this critical service.    Our current operational geostationary and polar-operating satellites provide on a 24/7 basis the space-based weather data required to support NOAA's National Weather Service and as well as the private weather industry and many other users who rely on those services as well.    The geostationary satellites currently in orbit, GOES-East and GOES-West, provide constant monitoring from the Atlantic Ocean, the continental United States, Hawaii, and the Pacific for weather, and they are backed up by our fully functioning spare satellite, GOES-14, situated midway between them ready to ride backup, as was mentioned as the need for in the event of a significant satellite anomaly to either of the others.    We are currently working towards an October 2016 launch for the next-generation geostationary satellite, GOES-R. While we are working diligently towards this date, there are still risks ahead of us to get this new highly capable and complex satellite launched on time. NOAA and NASA are working with contractors to identify and mitigate risks by applying all appropriate resources and expertise to meet this important launch milestone. To that end, we are monitoring the health of our current on-orbit assets to ensure that we maximize their operational utility until the GOES-R series satellites are launched, checked out and placed into operations.    Meanwhile, while that's going on with the flight hardware, the ground system for GOES-R and the user community continue to prepare for the launch and rapid exploitation of the new data stream once it begins.    For the polar-orbiting satellites, the first satellite of the JPSS program, the Suomi NPP satellite, is performing exceptionally as NOAA's primary afternoon polar satellite. Four years into its operating mission, the high-resolution sounds of the Suomi NPP, ATMS and CrIS instruments are continuously providing essential observations, feeding the National Weather Service's numerical weather prediction models and ultimately the weather forecasts we all depend on. The Suomi NPP VIIRS imagery has brought much improved observations of sea ice in Alaska and Arctic waters as well as new and much more sensitive VIIRS low-light nighttime cloud imagery for that region as well. Weather observations from polar orbiting satellites are particularly important in Alaska and the polar regions where geostationary satellites cannot effectively observe.    No matter than in March 2017, the second satellite of the JPSS's program, JPSS-1, will be launched joining Suomi NPP in providing global coverage and increasing the data flow supporting the NWS and the user community.    JPPS-2 continues in development managed expertly by NASA and NOAA team and is proceeding on schedule for a late 2021 launch as well.    NOAA's observing system includes beyond these two satellite systems, the Jason-2 and DSCOVR satellites, and soon will include Jason-3, the COSMIC-2 constellation and radio occultation measurements, and hopefully the Cooperative Data and Resure Services mission, CDARS. These smaller and more focused missions provide essential environmental observations augmenting and complementing the polar and geostationary platforms.    In all of these systems, NOAA draws extensively on the expertise of academia and private industry, relies heavily on productive partnerships with other U.S. agencies including specifically the U.S. Air Force and NASA, and on international agencies including EUMETSAT and CNES, and the National Space Organization of Taiwan to meet our observing needs. We also are expanding our approach to access to space through the commercially hosted payload approach for CDARS to find more efficient methods of access to space.    In closing, since joining NOAA just over a year ago, I have continued to work the started by my predecessors to steadily rebuild the robustness of the Nation's operational weather satellite constellations. Our current polar-orbiting and geostationary satellites are aging but are generally healthy as they continue to provide the observations enabling those weather and environmental monitoring missions. We are making steady progress to launch the next generation of polar and geostationary satellites in the coming year to continue and improve the reliability and quality of these Earth observations. NOAA works closely with NASA, our acquisition agent, and with our industry and academic partners to implement proven development processes so that we can meet our critical mission milestones.    Decisions continue to be made by individuals, governments, and businesses based on the weather forecast. Space-based observations are vital, the ability of NWS and commercial weather providers to produce and delivery these forecasts, and NOAA values the longstanding interest of the Committee in our satellite programs, and we appreciate the Congressional support to ensure these critical national weather programs achieve the robust state that is needed to support the Nation's weather enterprise.    Thank you, and I look forward to the conversation.    Dr. Volz. So related to the value, the capabilities of the oncoming commercial capabilities, you mentioned we do have assets now in space. Spire is one organization that has launched some satellites, and there are several others that are likely to launch in the near term, and from the NOAA perspective, we're very interested in seeing the performance of these satellites demonstrated on orbit.    The COSMIC program that was launched first in 2006 and has been flying for many years providing radio occultation to NOAA and integrated into our numerical weather modeling is a proven and demonstrated performance capability that we have been taking advantage of. The COSMIC-2 is an extension of that, and we expect when the launch occurs in about a year, to add those observations into our data system. The value, the potential value of these new commercial ventures are very high but it's still potential, and I see we should be engaged with them, we should be watching and observing and analyzing the data that come from them once we develop the appropriate interaction engagement mechanism, but it should be compared against some standard, some measurement capability that we have as well with COSMIC already.    So I think that ``both and'' is the approach I would take in approaching these. I think we need the COSMIC-2 because it continues a necessary measurement and it will provide an excellent benchmark for comparison for these alternative approaches which use the same method, the same measurement technique but a different implementation. So validating those on-orbit activities and observations will be key as we go forward, and I look forward to the opportunity to do that.    Dr. Volz. I support my boss, which is a good start. I do support----    Dr. Volz. --the principle that we do need a focused effort to demonstrate the capability of these operations. So yes, I would support that. We've been working with NOAA, on a commercial policy that went out and is now being reviewed for updates, on the NESDIS side, as we do the actual implementation. We've been working on a process, an engagement process, for how we would work with industry, work with potential vendors to provide data, to secure data, to evaluate the data when it comes in and then decide whether it's capable of supporting the long-term operational contract or contractual mechanism. We had a workshop this Monday, which was well attended by at least three of the radio occultation potential providers, to talk about how we can have a productive interaction and how we can have a relationship going forward to support what would be a demonstration project which could eventually lead to a sustained operational delivery of data.    Dr. Volz. I would be speaking from one-half of the equation if I knew because I know what it takes for me to develop a satellite and to develop and to process the data, and that's what we're focusing on, what it would take for us to evaluate and to process the data.    As far as what the commercial side would need as an investment or procurement is a part that we still have to explore. So I'm not sure what would be the appropriate price point for our vendors to make their business models close because obviously that's a very proprietary element.    Dr. Volz. It's an engagement we need to have to get a better feel for that.    Dr. Volz. So starting with the ending of what you just stated, I've not seen a more dedicated team working on any program that I've seen on GOES-R and JPSS, and that's independent of whether they're NASA, NOAA, Lockheed Martin, Ball Aerospace, any of our vendors. So there's no sense of casual execution of the program. There's a strong dedication to the mission and to the time and the effort they put into it, well beyond what I could ever expect to tell them to do.    So your observation related to, is it a culture of setting unrealistic deadlines and expectations, we're very sensitive, I'm very sensitive to that. If you set a schedule which is unachievable from day one, then nobody treats it seriously. If I'm already behind the eight ball, then it doesn't matter if I work extra or not. So it is a negative impact, I think, on performance.    On GOES-R, when we set up the program some time ago, we have standard methodologies within NASA and NOAA about cost confidence and schedule confidence and probability of success. It's called a Joint Confidence Level, JCL for cost and schedule, and there's usually an acceptance that you budget to about a 70 percent confidence which means seven out of ten missions will meet or exceed that and three out of ten will need more time or more money, or both. That's sort of the baseline approach, assuming that you will perform to that.    On GOES-R, sometimes you choose a more aggressive schedule for a planetary mission because you have a tight window for launch. For the GOES-R program, we chose to proceed from our confirmation on first delivery on a 50 percent or thereabouts confidence schedule knowing it was aggressive but not unachievable because we understood the criticality of getting this measurement on orbit and because we thought we would challenge ourselves and we would track our performance against that. We never sacrificed the performance during that process so we didn't skip tests that we thought were important or necessary in order to achieve that but we tracked then the reserve depletion of our time. And as David Powner mentioned, the negative performance over about two years from mid-2013 to mid-2015 were strong. We were not meeting our schedule but we were still meeting the earliest schedule we could achieve.    Dr. Volz. Well, the particular study that Mr. Powner mentioned was a study from 2005 of whether we could expect the instruments would last longer than the contractual lifetime. But that's only a piece of the puzzle that we use when we calculate or we estimate the projected future life of a mission.    And one of the other pieces, which really required the expenditure of time, was with the GOES-NOP is to see how those satellites operate on orbit. This was the first flight of the Boeing 601 bus in a geostationary operation like we had for GOES-NOP. We need to see when we have satellite or a new capability on orbit time on orbit to see how it's going to operate, what its performance is going to be, are we going to see life-limiting features start to develop. So it took many years, years of watching those satellites to operate from 2006, 2008 and 2009 when they were launched to develop a confidence in the family of satellite buses so that we could then say all right, now I'm comfortable saying the projection life will be longer than it is, and that's where we came to about at this time last year.    Dr. Volz. Well, actually, sir, in the submission, in response to the letter we received, we submitted that study but also an analysis and explanation of how we did use the on-orbit performance validation of these instruments over time and the satellites over time as one of the rationales for extension, and also what we also provide on a regular basis are monthly status reports on all of our satellites, and we provided a couple of examples of the status of every subsystem of the spacecraft that we do on a routine basis.    So while we haven't provided that, and it's a good point that Mr. Powner made, we haven't provided a regular routine mechanism or what the health is of all our satellites, and one of the observations I had to my team is that we should be doing that, so on an annual basis at least providing an update of the health of our constellations overall so we don't have a ten year cycle for updating lifetimes and we talk about it on a regular basis as part of our annual reporting.    Dr. Volz. No, the study in 2005 was a specific request to ITT, the instrument vendor who build the sounder/imager for the GOES-NOP series and the previous ones as well. The study was specifically directed to say although the instrument was designed for a particular lifetime, what does the vendor think the likelihood of that instrument lasting past, well past that lifetime. So we really had to go to the vendor who built it, who knew all the parts to say exactly what do you think analytically pre-launch these things are likely to see. So that's one piece of it. It's a very specific analysis.    The analysis I mentioned from our operations team looks at all of the operating performance of a series of satellites and watches each of those from a day-to-day, month-to-month basis and then from that develops a statistical understanding of the likelihood of continued operation of features that may show up in initial wear factors in the spacecraft that we need to understand as they age on orbit.    Dr. Volz. It's different kinds of studies.    Dr. Volz. I think that's a reasonable way to put it, yes, sir.    Dr. Volz. I'm not sure they're all mutually exclusive. I would say it's a realistic assessment based on the knowledge that they are likely to survive through this period.    Dr. Volz. Relying on aging assets for a longer period of time is a riskier approach than I would like to take for sure, sir. I would prefer to have GOES-R up there in March of 2016 as opposed to October of 2016.    Dr. Volz. Yes, but I would also want it to be a GOES-R that's functioning and capable and tested out and not GOES-R that is rushed so that it may have failures or it may have shortcomings or testing incompleteness that we had to do in order to get it to launch.    Dr. Volz. I don't know if any commercial assets that are providing equivalent data and observations to the nature of what we provide that support our weather services. So there may be specific measurements that might be available, but in general, there are no commercial assets of equivalent or capable nature.    Dr. Volz. Correct.    Dr. Volz. Correct, sir.    Dr. Volz. Correct, just as other nations' assets and measurements are available and to others as well. It's a global cooperation and sharing agreement on the observations for weather and climate.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, entirely so.    Dr. Volz. There is a perception. The approach that NOAA has, that we have, is that weather services that we provide, for the observations that feed those are a public good and are necessary for health, safety and security for the Nation and for our citizens, so the idea of commercial available data sets are not necessarily at odds with public services provided by NOAA if we can find the right terms and conditions for which to work with the commercial side to use their data in our models, in our operations.    Now, data which is restricted, which are only available to individuals, are not something that would be consistent with that approach. It's not something we would support. It doesn't mean commercial vendors can't make observations and sell it any way they want. That's fine. That's certainly open to anybody.    Dr. Volz. That would definitely be a concern. If our ability to deliver on the services and the observations that are necessary for health and safety and for aviation safety and all the other operations that we do is restricted because the funds are diverted to a different approach, which is proprietary and controlled in a different way, that would be a negative approach that we would not support, and I don't support it.    Dr. Volz. Well, similar to what you referenced on the NASA side, there are features, there are capabilities that we already rely on heavily on the commercial side to provide. For the most part, we don't build our own launch vehicles. Commercial does that. For the most part, we don't build our own spacecraft. We go to commercial vendors for that. All the instruments we buy are from commercial vendors. So there's an extensive public-private engagement in the execution of our weather services. What we're talking about is the potential next step, which is to secure data as opposed to capabilities that we deploy, and I think there is an opportunity for us to do that in a way which doesn't sacrifice those public goods that I mentioned a few moments ago. So I think as the commercial sector becomes more capable and is able to deliver a more quality product, a data product, I think there's certainly a possibility for strong engagement that can fit within our business model and can support our commercial sector better.    Dr. Volz. That's a very open-ended question. It depends on resources, it depends on how many actually apply if we go out with an RFP or a----    Dr. Volz. I'm more concerned with getting a data flow, to getting the operational data I need. If we go through with an approach, a pilot approach, and we find one vendor that has the quality set of information that we need, that we can use, that meets our criteria, that is financially viable, that's a satisfactory result for me. If I get three to four competing and they're all providing something that I can afford to support several, because I need the data from several, I can support that as well subject to availability of funds and the cost points on these vendors.    Dr. Volz. When we went through the gap analysis and the exercises in 2011, 2012 and 2013, we had a report called the Riverside Report, which I imagine you've already read, which identified a number of mitigation approaches to lessen the impact of loss of a major asset. We selected a number of those to complete. We have been executing on those mitigation approaches. We did not do an allocation of ``1'' through ``N'' to say which is the most effective and least effective but we saw they applied to different areas of our observing system and we applied the ones that were possible to impact, to effect, and we have been working on those.    Dr. Volz. I would say that we did that in, I wouldn't say ad hoc, but in a best-effort approach. It's hard to do an assessment of a particular measurement and what's the benefit of that to an integrated global model which relies on multiple inputs to say. So I would say probably the difficulty of doing a cost-benefit analysis when the output is the value of a weather product which, you know, three to five, three to seven day forecasts, it's very hard to quantify the value of that from a cost approach. We do look at the efficacy of those approaches: is it a necessary part to address a particular measurement capability, and we did prioritize. We put our effort and our attempts into working on those more importantly.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, and that points to the excellent point that Mr. Powner brought up is that what we can do in the latter years once we get to a robust state, which is accomplished by getting GOES-R and GOES-S launched. Do we have to launch GOES-T and U on a rapid time frame? And the answer is probably not. We would launch on need at some point when we get to that.    So we've looked at--there are two comparisons here. One is the cost of storage if we build and then store, and the other is, the cost impacts of delaying the development, and we have done the assessments, and based on industry assessments and industry models of the efficiency of building four in a rapid sequence is more effective in terms of buying the parts and getting the workforce engaged and buying down the risk of the implementation than building one, waiting a few years, building a second, and building a third. So we actually have seen the examples from aerospace and from other industry examples of the efficiency of building first, launch later if necessary has a certain cost benefit from the build and development cycle and a significant risk benefit because you buy down the risk by building them all at the same time when you have the parts and the availability and the engineering.    Dr. Volz. In the April workshop, we talked mostly about principles, about the engagement desires, what we would like to do going into the future. In the workshop we had just this week, we spent a great deal of time talking about the actual process by which we would use data, how data are used from observation to services and products so that we were very clear, very articulate in trying to explain--well, discern how articulate it was, depending on the feedback--to explain how the data are used in our systems and how different vendors can tailor their business models to deliver data to us at different places in our value chain.    Dr. Volz. We have gone out with RFIs asking for inputs on particular measurement types. We've gone out with RFIs recently just in August about technology, next-generation technology approaches that they think are worthy of investment or are ready for application, ready for prime time as operational. In terms of the overall engagement, we have talked on a one-on-one basis, I have not, but some of my staff has, on where they--keeping us informed on where they are in the development cycle and where we are in our process cycle. In general, I'm trying to talk to them all at once so we have these workshops on a regular basis so they all see, everybody can see where we are as we move forward.    Dr. Volz. Yes, except that I'd add a nuance there. Yes, NOAA is the owner but NOAA's also the architect. So the architect doesn't just give the plans and walk away. The architect is there with the general contractor and is there when the general contractor sometimes is talking to his subcontractors to make sure that what he had in mind in the architecture is what is actually being implemented. So that's the role NOAA plays. We do not have the engineering depth that NASA does and we rely on that depth, but we are there with the requirements, with the user community interfaces so that we know what the end use is of every one of these observations, which allows us then to work hand in glove with NASA and with the major contractors to make sure that end use is remembered, is kept in mind as you go through the whole development process.    Dr. Volz. We can go too far with the analogy between NPOESS and where we are now. I believe in the NPOESS days, there was a greater separation between the different owners and executors of the program, which led to some of the disconnect, some of the problems. The requirements flow-down into the implementation was much more complex under NPOESS than it is now.    I believe now with the NASA-NOAA relationship and the NASA-NOAA contractor relationship that we have on JPSS and on GOES-R, we have a much better connectivity across that line. There are leads and follows but it's much better than it has been in the past.    Dr. Volz. No, I think you have a perfect example between GOES-R and JPSS in that if you're building a series, a fleet, it does make sense to define the requirements once and do the implementation once, and that's where we are right now. That's how we set it up with the program with the GOES program. You still have problems, and we're talking about. That's why we're here because of the issues in the development of the GOES-R program but we hope that we'll work through those and overcome them. With the JPSS, the Suomi NPP JPSS program, we did not have that same construct. We were building them one at a time and there are definitely significant inefficiencies in doing it that way whether it's an intentional change in a major subcontract like the spacecraft from Ball Aerospace or Orbital ATK or it's an unintentional change because the work--the production lines have changed and the capabilities, the subcontractors change out and you can't control it. So by going with the one-at-a-time approach, you definitely are setting yourselves up for a more risky approach, which is one of the reasons the PFO, the follow-on to JPSS, is intended to be buy both at once, eliminate those risks of coming with multiple serial buys so that you do minimize the risk of implementation. And I'll let David answer too.    Dr. Volz. You're correct. If we can find a ride,and that meets our requirements, it's an appropriate and potentially more efficient way to do it. We are suggesting and proposing that approach for our search-and-rescue and A-DCS systems--it's called CDARS which would use the Air Force's hosted payload solutions approach for buying space, spare space on commercial launch vehicles, or commercial spacecraft, not just launch vehicles, yes.    Dr. Volz. So I'll be happy to provide you with a follow-up on the funding breakout.    From looking at the transition of the couple of measurements from NOAA to NASA,there were no funds transferred from NOAA to NASA, there were no funds allocated. We were underfunded to execute those activities on the NOAA side. It was a prioritization question. And the concern was, they would have been left off the table entirely because they weren't funded from the NOAA side. It wasn't that we had funds that we should then move over to cover it somewhere else. So it was both a question of focus and let NASA do the climate but also an inability on our side to support those programs because we had to support the primary weather mission that was our focus.    Dr. Volz. Sure. On the first one, the fly-out chart change, that's on me. As I came in from NASA, I remember looking at the fly-out charts over the years and trying to understand, you know, what the logic was in those, and I brought in with my experience there are different analyses, different approaches to assessing the extended life since I've done that for many years at NASA that would be applicable, I thought, to these systems and these programs, and that's what I asked for. It was my error not knowing how sensitive it was, how important it was that we communicate those. So we will, as I said, we will make that a regular thing in the future.    On the other question, which I'm drawing a blank--what was the second one?    Dr. Volz. On the schedule performance, that's a fair point, and to the degree that we're not communicating well, quantifying the risks that we see in the execution of these programs, I think we need to do a better job of that. We work regularly with your staffers, with the Committee, with our quarterly briefings, and to the degree that those are not communicating appropriately, I'm happy to find a better way to do that, to improve that communication.    Dr. Volz. I think our current performance and the scheduled execution is strong. We definitely have margin against our August delivery date to the launch site. The poor performance that was mentioned by Mr. Powner in the two years leading up to the thermal vacuum test in July and August is real, and following then, when we reestablished this schedule for an October launch date, we provided a new schedule approach for Lockheed Martin and for NASA and for NOAA to work together. Since then, since the September, October, November period, as opposed to 10 days a month of reserve being used up, they are ahead of schedule. So the way that we have rephrased the schedule and reframed it with reserve appropriately has been working, and the program is working on schedule since that time in the face of problems and issues like we typically see during integration and tests. So I'm reasonably confident that we will meet the October launch date.    Dr. Volz. We still have some mechanical and environmental testing ahead of us, and the likely factors on the GOES-R spacecraft since it has been integrated and the particular transistor failure in the power-regulating unit has been corrected and the pieces are back in integration, is the nature of similar things like that happening that could be a bigger problem that takes time to resolve--a parts problem, a mechanical problem during tests. Those are still ahead of us, so until we get through the mechanical testing, the vibration testing, acoustic testing, those are major tests that we still have to complete. The ground system is solid. The radar--the antennas are completed and ready for receipt. The user community is prepared. It's getting the spacecraft through the last 8 months of environmental testing to launch which is always a challenge but that I see as a systemic challenge that we have for the program right now.    Dr. Volz. It will not increase the lifecycle--well, it depends on the type. If we have a major issue, you know, within the expected range of delay here or there or the operations that we have to do to execute, we are operating within the lifecycle cost budget, within the annual budgets, so I do not expect that based on what we see now that we need additional funding for the GOES-R program.    Dr. Volz. That's a good segue-I don't predict that we will have any point that we won't have a backup satellite available based on our estimation of the current life expectancy of these satellites. However, we are all only one failure away from losing a satellite. That can always happen. So between now and the launch of GOES-R, our estimation is the satellites we have on orbit are functioning, aging and healthy, as I said in my introduction, and I do not expect that we will have a gap. However, if we do, if we lose one of our assets, we do have a backup in space, and if we lose that, if we're reduced to two satellites, we have anticipated this possibility and worked cooperative relationships with our international partners so that they could loan us a satellite in the dire circumstances that we have two major system failures.    Dr. Volz. It has in the past occurred that we have worked this with EU MET SAT in the past to borrow some assets from our foreign partners and we've contributed assets in the same as the global constellation of geostationary satellites have needed the partnership sharing arrangement that we've had, and it's been successful and it has been exercised two or three times in the past.    Dr. Volz. I don't know the magnitude of that particular solar event that might have hit us. Our satellites are hardened for what we understand what the normal environment is, normal meaning some deviation from the normal environment. A major solar storm would have an impact on all of our satellites. And ``major'' is hard to determine exactly what it is. But we are as vulnerable as some other satellites to major solar flare events, and we do what we can to harden it. We may be more hardened than some of the commercial ones but it's still the event--a significant event would have an impact on us.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, there is, and it's been exercised for the last several years of our program, and that is the point of getting JPSS-1 and 2 and the PFO under contract to get to a situation, and directly to your point, where we have a spare, a hot spare on orbit for our polar and geostationary satellites, and in the event of a significant event, we're thinking about a meteorite but it could be a solar flare, we can redeploy an equivalently capable asset within a year. That's the objective, and that's one way, rather than trying to harden a satellite against an unknown size of event is to have a replacement satellite that is readily available, and when you look at the GOES-T and U available, we won't necessarily launch those to have them sit in orbit. We could have them sitting on the ground for deployment in the case of an event like that as a replenishment when we have a failure.    So our programs do support getting to a robust state but we're not there yet.    Dr. Volz. Fair enough. The magnitude of the event is--there are events of a size that we can't model for or plan for, but we are planning for the loss of satellite assets over something that may only affect the satellites and not the whole ground infrastructure.    Dr. Volz. We rely on the launch services provided through the national assets, the same launch service that support--the defense department, NASA, NOAA. We all use the same commercial launch providers. In the event of a catastrophic loss of a significant asset, we also have the capability and to prioritize our mission over others, I believe, so I think if that were----    Dr. Volz. And I'm not the right person to ask what the backup capabilities are for the launch.    Dr. Volz. And if I may, sir, I have almost the exact opposite assessment. Based on watching the Suomi NPP instrument and mission fly over the past four years, based on our analysis and our understanding and mitigation steps we've taken in execution of those operations, I have a stronger confidence now that the satellite, barring a meteorite or some other activity, is likely to function for a great many years because I've seen these satellites do that over time. I think the uncertainty in launch of--the gap between J-1 and J-2 is because we haven't launched J-1 yet is a larger probability of something I'm more concerned about going forward.    But we're talking about probabilities and risks, and we have to address all of these. So I don't think that once J-1 is launched that our risk of a gap has necessarily gone away. We still have to worry about getting J-2 developed and delivered on orbit as quickly as we can.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, and we had 15 respondents. When we looked through the responses, we came up with on the order of 90 different actionable comments that we think should be addressed in some way or another. NOAA has set up a team and is working to review those and adjudicate those. I'm expecting, and I've been told by management within NOAA that we expect the revised policy to be coming out within a few weeks, within the coming weeks.    Dr. Volz. And in the meantime, we've been working the process. The workshop on Monday was addressing that, and we would like to follow up with a release of a draft process for comments, just like we did with the policy, within a few weeks after the release of the formal policy.    Dr. Volz. No, a draft release of the NESDIS process, which is the next level of detail down about execution of an engagement with industry.    Dr. Volz. After the release of the NOAA policy.    Dr. Volz. Yes.    Dr. Volz. Let me predicate this with saying I'm not an expert on WMO-40, which talks about the essential versus non-essential or additional data sets, and they address mostly the issue of the data. There is a difference between input data and output products for certain, no question about that. So a simple answer to your question is yes, there is a difference between those, and I don't know that the policy was meaning to address the output products, the output services as they are free and open to all.    Dr. Volz. But it is focused on, from my perspective in using commercial data in our operations, is how we deal with the data that we receive from the vendors, which is the input data that you're referring to.    Dr. Volz. Probably not. I am not----    Dr. Volz. I'm not a WMO-40 expert----    Dr. Volz. --so I don't know all the nuances of it. So certainly--so I probably should let it go at that, and we'd be happy to have a different, separate conversation related to     Dr. Volz. The ATMS delivery date per the plan that we established in the summer was no later than the end of November to support the plan going forward to a December 2016 launch date, correct. The ATMS has slipped to now late December and potentially early January, and we have had to look into what we have had to take time out of reserve, schedule reserve. The late November date was planned for and did not encumber any of the reserve, the schedule reserve left in the schedule beyond the November. We had to debit against those reserves to accommodate the late delivery of the ATMS.    Dr. Volz. We still had some flexibility. It wasn't a no-reserve date for delivery in November. We have flexibility. We've been using it.    Dr. Volz. Yes. I mean, I agree with Mr. Powner that going to a new contractor--so let me go two points. First, what I said is, we're applying the lessons learned over the last two years in the integration tests at GOES-R to make sure that the schedule we have laid out through this time next year, October of next year for the launch, includes those lessons learned, and that's why we have confidence based on the last 3 months that we're meeting schedules. We still need to revisit what that means for the GOES-S, T and U schedules as we roll through that, and we're doing that right now.    Now, as far as changes in the contractor, going from one spacecraft vendor to another for the JPSS, that does increase risk. That's a factor. That's a risk factor now that we've added to the system. It was not there before. And I agree with you that it does. You can't say that's not the case.    Now, whether and where that ranks in the overall risks of different risks within the program including cost and schedule risk is something we had to look at when we made the procurements when we went through the process. So it is an increase in risk but not necessarily an increase in the overall programmatic execution risk because we have to look at many factors when we consider program risk.    Dr. Volz. Correct, sir.    Dr. Volz. Yeah, I would like to respond to that, and I agree entirely that the out year execution needs to be addressed. What we have focused our activities on over the last five years as we came to the assessment of risk on both the polar and geostationary satellites, is that we did not have a robust configuration on orbit. Our first and overriding priority was to get to a situation where we were fault-tolerant. We had a single fault--you know, we could suffer the loss of a satellite asset and not disable the weather system, and so that has dictated the aggressive approach to building the GOES-R satellites and our aggressive schedule so that as we went through what could be a mission-ending failure. The same with the JPSS. So that has been our primary motivation. Once we get to that--where we're comfortable in that risk-tolerant or fault-tolerant situation on orbit exactly as Mr. Powner mentioned, we can look at what is the cadence that we need to launch, but we need to have the assets available to have the flexibility of making those choices. Until we have that, then we can't do anything to make it better or worse.    Dr. Volz. Thank you for the question, sir. The Polar Follow-on includes the third and fourth series of the JPSS satellites. The funds for this, the initial $380 million, are primarily to start, and to the extent of about 85 percent of those going directly to the instrument providers who have built the instruments for Suomi NPP and JPSS-1 and 2. The benefit of this approach that we tried to articulate is that we are buying the satellite instruments, which are the highest risk, potentially the highest, the most impactful elements of any satellite system, at a time, at a bulk buy or buying two at once, maximizing the efficiency of the procurement at a time when the instrument vendors are ready to build those, having just finished the same instruments on JPSS-2.    So the money will be going to the extent of 85 percent of it or 90 or thereabouts directly to the main four vendors who are supplying instruments for the JPSS-3 and 4 satellites.    Dr. Volz. They will be prioritizing----    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir.