    Dr. Midthun. Thank you. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, I am Dr. Karen Midthun, Director of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, the center within FDA that is responsible for regulating vaccines. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss our role in a highly collaborative, multi-partnered effort in preventing influenza through vaccination in the U.S.    Influenza viruses continually undergo changes in their genetic makeup, and the resulting proteins that interact with the immune system. Due to these continuous changes, the composition of influenza vaccines must be periodically updated so that they are effective against what are anticipated to be the predominant circulating viruses in the upcoming influenza season.    The strains of virus in the vaccine include 2 distinct subtypes of influenza A, H1N1, and H3N2, and 1 or 2 influenza B strains, depending upon whether the vaccine is trivalent or quadrivalent. To identify virus strains likely to cause illness during the upcoming season, the World Health Organization convenes influenza and public health experts to study recently circulating influenza viruses from around the world, and recent global disease patterns. After careful evaluation of the assessment, WHO makes recommendations on the composition of the influenza vaccines, usually in late February for the upcoming season in the Northern Hemisphere, and in September for the upcoming season in the Southern Hemisphere. The recommendations must be made months in advance because of the time required for manufacturing, testing, lot release, and distribution of a very large number of vaccine doses.    Each year, following the WHO recommendations, FDA convenes its vaccines and related biological products advisory committee, typically in late February or early March. The committee considers the WHO recommendations and reviews information regarding viruses that caused illness in the previous year, how these viruses are changing, and disease trends. Based on the data available at the time of the meeting, the committee makes recommendation for the composition of the influenza vaccines licensed by FDA for the upcoming season in the U.S. Once the strains are selected, candidate influenza viruses that are adapted for high growth are generated and accepted by WHO collaborating centers, and are provided to manufacturers who generate the seed viruses for manufacturing vaccines. The manufacturing demands are tremendous and the timelines are tight. No other vaccine is produced, FDA approved and distributed every year across the U.S. within a six-month time frame.    This season, more than 150 million doses were manufactured. Given the yearly need for a new vaccine, there is limited flexibility in the timelines of vaccine manufacturing and availability. And parallel with vaccine manufacturing, FDA develops and calibrates reagents which are used by both FDA and the manufacturers to test vaccines for potency and identity before FDA approves the new formulation for distribution. Manufacturers submit their vaccine testing results, along with samples from each lot, to FDA for lot release. As FDA releases lots, the manufacturers can make these lots commercially available throughout the U.S.    In February 2014, when the strain selection recommendation for the current influenza season was made, it reflected the circulating viruses. The drifted H3N2 viruses were first detected in March 2014 and were uncommon. Over the ensuing months, the drifted strains gradually increased. By late September, when WHO made its recommendations for the 2015 Southern Hemisphere influenza vaccine, the drifted H3N2 strains were common, prompting a recommended change in the upcoming Southern Hemisphere vaccine composition. Because of the manufacturing time required, there was not enough time to make a similar change for the current Northern Hemisphere influenza season. The drifted strains have caused the majority of influenza cases this season, however, vaccination is still important to prevent disease and minimize the public health burden of influenza. Influenza vaccines contain three or four influenza viruses, so even when there is a less than ideal match or lower effectiveness against one virus, the vaccine may protect against the other viruses.    FDA has made progress in our preparedness efforts and collaboration with BARDA, CDC, NIH, manufacturers, and other stakeholders, and we thank Congress for your support of these efforts. New influenza vaccines have been licensed, including cell-based, recombinant protein vaccines and quadrivalent vaccines. To enhance pandemic preparedness, FDA licensed an adjuvanted H5N1 avian influenza vaccine, and has worked with U.S. Government partners and manufacturers to facilitate the development of candidate vaccines directed at H7N9 avian influenza. Surveillance efforts are more extensive than ever before, and offer the potential for early detection of emerging viruses. The number of candidate vaccine virus strains available to manufacturers has greatly increased over the last few years, providing them with more options to increase vaccine yields. We continue efforts with our Government partners to develop high-yield candidate vaccine strains, as well as more modern, faster testing methods for vaccine potency and sterility. To further address the challenges presented by the constantly changing nature of influenza viruses, scientists and Government laboratories, academic institutions, vaccine manufacturers, are all working to develop new generation vaccines that might provide longer-lasting and broader protection against influenza viruses, including drifted strains. Although these development efforts are still in early stages, some may have the potential to increase and broaden protection against influenza.    FDA will continue to work with its Government partners, manufacturers, and other stakeholders to facilitate development of new vaccines, and identify methods that have the potential to speed the manufacturing process for existing vaccines. Our goal is to better protect the American public against influenza.    Thank you.    Dr. Midthun. Yes. I have three children, and they were all vaccinated on time with all the recommended vaccines.    Dr. Midthun. As you point out, there are a number of different options now, and what we try to do is really communicate clearly the information that we provide on our Web site in our package inserts as to what groups were studied and for which age groups the product is indicated. So, for example, the high-dose vaccine you were referring to was actually evaluated in individuals 65 years of age and older, and was shown to decrease the rate of influenza by 23 percent, relative to those who got the normal dose vaccine. And likewise, quadrivalent vaccines are now available for four different manufacturers; three are inactivated and one is the live attenuated. They are indicated for somewhat different groups across that spectrum, and again, that information is put forward.    The recombinant vaccine that you mentioned has only so far been evaluated and shown to be safe and effective in 18 years of age and above, and so again, our prescribing information will reflect that. But I think I should really turn to Dr. Schuchat because that is really the advisory committee on immunization practices, which is an advisory committee for the CDC that then recommends how these vaccines should be used.    Dr. Midthun. I think oftentimes in H3N2 prevalent years, there may be more morbidity and mortality, although I think it is very important to remember that all influenza can cause morbidity and mortality. H1N1 was responsible for 2 pandemics, 1918 and the one in 2009. And also B strains can be very serious, especially for children, and cause very serious outcomes. But Dr. Schuchat may want to add to that.    Dr. Midthun. No----    Dr. Midthun . I think in 2009 the virus emerged in April. In May it was recognized that it was causing significant disease, and at that time a decision was made across the HHS that a monovalent vaccine would be pursued. And so all stops were pulled out to do that, but in point of fact, the first vaccine was not available from--for that H1N1 monovalent until the end of October, and the bulk of vaccine was not available until late December, into January. So just point taken that the manufacturing process itself takes many months, and although we----    Dr. Midthun. No, not for the vaccines we are using today, although I think it is important to note that any vaccine can have some safety issues associated with it, but typically, they are very rare, and that is why we also have the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.    Dr. Midthun. Thank you for that question. I think what they have done, especially with regard to the cell-culture-based vaccine and the recombinant protein vaccine, is they offer an alternative manufacturing platform relative to the egg-based manufacturing that was the basis for the vaccines that had been approved up until that time. And it is always important to have a diversified way in which you can manufacture vaccines. It also widens the platform available in the event of a pandemic because, typically, the pandemic vaccines are made on the same manufacturing platforms that the seasonal vaccines are made on, and so it really provides greater diversity and more resilience.    Dr. Midthun. Yes. It is actually a very strong collaboration between BARDA, CDC, NIH, and ourselves, and it looks at a number of different aspects. One aspect is to look at the potency testing that is done for vaccines. Right now, that relies on reagents that are made by immunizing sheep, you develop antiserum, this usually is a process that can take up to 2 months. And so, obviously, having potency assays that are much more rapid would really decrease the time that it takes to do this, to make these reagents. And so there are some approaches using more modern platforms, and in conjunction with some of our colleagues, there actually are some tests that are being planned that will be embarked upon later this year to compare some of these newer assays to the standard assay that is used right now, the radial immunodiffusion test, to see how these compare to each other in actual testing of vaccine samples that the manufacturers are providing to us. And some of the manufacturers have actually expressed interest in also participating in the testing to see what the feasibility is. So that is one aspect that we are working on.    Another one that has been very important, and that the CDC and others have really done a lot of work on, but we have also contributed to, is to try to identify high-growth viruses that will lead to good yield when you grow the virus in the eggs or in the cell culture. As you recall, Dr. Fauci was referring to the fact that that can often be a rate-limiting step. And so trying to develop viruses that you know will yield high growth when these new strains emerge could really facilitate and take time off that process.    And then also there was the sterility testing, and the FDA actually changed its regulations in 2012 to allow for more flexibility in sterility testing. Up until that time, it was very prescriptive and this 14-day test by USP had to be used, but now manufacturers can come in with novel testing, and we actually know that some, you know, testing that has been described in the literature could actually be accomplished in 5, 6 days potentially.    Dr. Midthun. No, I don't see that. I think in the influenza domain, we, every year, are primed to approve the new vaccine strains that are recommended for inclusion in the vaccine those years. I think also our record of having approved since 2003--I think in 2003 we had three licensed influenza vaccines. Today we have 16 licensed influenza vaccines, including our cell-based, recombinant-based, quadrivalent, high-dose, and also I should point out that many of those we actually approved using accelerated approval, which actually allows us to approve something based on the new response that is likely to predict clinical benefit. And so we have used accelerated approval regulations to approve many of those and get them to market more quickly. So I think we--and also I should point out we approved the novel adjuvanted H5N1 vaccine in 2013. So I think that we really looked very carefully, and balanced the benefits and the risks, and are really very flexible.    Dr. Midthun. The process is actually year-round. CDC and other WHO collaborating centers for influenza are monitoring influenza strains year-round to be looking for trends, changes, emerging situations, so that is going on all the time. Then you have----    Dr. Midthun. OK. So what happens in usually February or early March, when the Vaccines Advisory Committee meets, is that we have experts come and present the data on the influenza strains that have been circulating over really the last year, and those strains are evaluated to see which appear to be prevalent, and really based on those data a decision is made about which vaccine strains should be included in the vaccine manufacturing. And then once that recommendation is made, of course, the manufacturers then use that information to start manufacturing their vaccines. But I think a very important point to note is that, typically, manufacturers actually start manufacturing the vaccine before the advisory committee is even held. They usually start in January. Why? Because they are aware of the data also. As I mentioned, this is an ongoing process year-round, and so they will usually anticipate what they think will be the strain that is not going to change. They do this at risk, but the point is that----    Dr. Midthun . It is a process----    Dr. Midthun. Yes, that can happen. I mean you would have to ask individual manufacturers----    Dr. Midthun . But I suspect that that has definitely happened, although, typically, I think they will go with something that they think, based on the data, is unlikely to change. But it really is a process where we make the recommendation in February, but clearly, there is a lot of work that precedes that and there is a lot of work that continues after that to actually have vaccine available. And usually vaccine becomes available in July, August, that time frame, and then it is continued to be released really throughout the end of October. So you can see it is a process that, even though you do a recommendation in February, and much work starts before that even, it really does take many, many months to actually have vaccine available for the influenza season----    Dr. Midthun . Which, you know, typically can begin, you know, October, November, although sometimes not until later.    Dr. Midthun. No, there is no issue in the licensing process. We have approved one cell-based manufacturer and one recombinant-based manufacturer. We basically work with anyone who wants to come in and make a product, and we are there to facilitate that process, but it really is up to, you know, the sponsor to come in and say we would like to do this. Certainly, you know, BARDA has done much to support some of these new technologies, and certainly, again, we are grateful for the support you have given in that regard.    Dr. Midthun. No, I think we currently use all the expedited pathways that are available. So we can use accelerated approval, which we----    Dr. Midthun . Have done for numerous influenza vaccines.    Dr. Midthun. We also did recently for the 2 meningococcal B vaccines that we approved; one in October and one just last month. We also used the breakthrough designation which basically means that there is a very concerted interactive approach early on and throughout the process with industry to really accelerate the development of products. So we use all of these tools, and they are very important. They, of course, do rely on having certain science.    Dr. Midthun. So, for example, to use----    Dr. Midthun . Accelerated approval, you typically rely on what we call a surrogate endpoint. Usually in the case of a vaccine it would be some immune response. But you need to have information that actually indicates that this immune response is----    Dr. Midthun . Is really likely to predict clinical benefits. So there is also a scientific piece that is very, very important that others, for example----    Dr. Midthun . In industry, NIH, and other partners, need to work on----    Dr. Midthun . To make that kind of----    Dr. Midthun . Process available, but we work very closely, obviously, with our sponsors to facilitate whatever their development plans are.