    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Flynn, first of all, I notice you went to University of Rhode Island.    General Flynn. First land-grant university in the country, established by--Abraham Lincoln actually established that law.    Mr. Cook. I know, but my daughter went there and my son-in-law. I just want to know why the out-of-state tuition is so high.    General Flynn. I defer to my colleague.    Mr. Cook. Going back to Dr. Heck's question about the airfield, which is in the news right now, and everything else. And I think a lot of us are wondering whether this is a symbolic thing in terms of a targeting in terms of mortars and indirect fire weapons because of the fact that there are marines there, a chance to embarrass the Marines. As you know, Fallujah I think was a major, major political propaganda victory for them because of the number of soldiers, sailors, and marines that were killed in that city. And I am trying to see if you had a take on whether psychologically, that would be a huge victory if, you know, they had tremendous casualties or what have you. And that is the number one press story, I think. Can you comment on that?    And secondly, I want you to address our lack of human intelligence. I know you talked about feedback from prisoners, but thank you.    General Flynn. Yeah. So the fact that this tactical action by ISIS is going on right now in, essentially, the village or town of Baghdadi, is a strategic victory for them. It is definitely a strategic information victory for them. And they are very close in to Al Asad, and there has been, you know, I have been to Al Asad a number of times. We operated out of there very effectively.    If I were those marines in there, I would, you know, be looking to make sure that we are absolutely within, that we have the rules of engagement very clearly understood to be able to deal with anything that happens against those perimeters of that particular base. What I would love to see? I would love to see an unleashing of some Iraqi force with the support of our U.S. Marines to go after and retake that little village because that would be doable. And it would be something that the Iraqis could actually do with the support of our U.S. Marine forces that are in Al Asad.    In terms of HUMINT, we lack the kind of HUMINT, human intelligence, that we need, that we used to have actually pretty, you know, we developed it over time, but we don't have that kind of level that we need today. And interrogations is actually a part of that.    Mr. Cook. Since I have still got 2 minutes, I just wanted, you talked about the plans and everything like that. I used to be a plans officer 100 years ago, and we are talking about the budget and everything else. And one of my big arguments is the tempo of ops compared with, is just out of control. You know, you have got to do this, this, this, and this. We used to have a vault with all of the op plans in it and everything else. And I am wondering, are we out of control because we have a brigade for this; we have a squadron for this, we just don't have enough military forces to go around for all of the commitments. And if you could briefly comment on that.    General Flynn. Right. We do not. We do not have, for the, if you look at the menu that the National Security Strategy currently is in terms of the layout of threats around the world, and particularly this problem that we are facing right now, our military is so stretched thin and, frankly, underresourced, and parts of it are not trained to the level that we would expect them to be, that the American public would expect them to be at. And this sequestration, and you all know this, is just choking the readiness of the United States military. And we need to decide what kind of military do we want to have given the threats that we face? And right now it has grown. It has gotten too small, and if we continue down this path, it is going to get even smaller, and that is a danger to our national security. So----    Mr. Cook. Thank you for your service.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Scott.