    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and thank you, Madam Secretary, for being here today. The Minority has illustrated that there are many Gold King Mine disasters out there waiting to happen. Because of the hundreds of thousands of abandoned mines, there is potential for this type of environmental disaster caused by the EPA to be repeated.    For all practical purposes, the technical report is akin to an autopsy report. We have a corpse--or, in this instance, a toxic mine spill disaster; and, technically, the report accurately outlines what happened. The EPA was incompetent. They followed a bad plan, or a lack of a plan. Actually, I have still not had my questions answered as to whether there was a professional engineer in charge, as outlined by Colorado law on this particular project.    But, they started work without understanding what they were doing, they dug a hole where they should not have, and they released 3 million gallons of toxic water into the environment. What happened is straightforward, not surprising, and certainly not rocket science. The sad part is that the disaster was very much preventable.    There are two major problems I see with this report. Number one: the lead examiner has a conflict of interest with the perpetrators. He may be as honest as the day is long and 100 percent accurate in his findings, but it is like the coroner being the suspect's cousin. The report fails miserably to outline the root cause of the disaster, who specifically was at fault, or how to prevent this in the future.    Madam Secretary, like me, you have worked in the private sector, and you have dealt with Federal regulations and regulators. The private sector is scared to death of Federal regulators, because they know the heavy hand of the Federal Government can shut them down. The private sector wears both suspenders and belts when they deal with regulators. They spend way more time and money to make sure they dot all the I's and cross all the T's, and oftentimes that is still not enough.    My first question to you is--should Federal agencies be held to the same measure that they measure by?    Mr. Westerman. Do you not think the qualifications of the people on site are germane to----    Mr. Westerman. Why was it not part of the scope?    Mr. Westerman. So, they are investigating themselves on their technical competence to have done the work?    Mr. Westerman. Do you not agree that the technical expertise of the people planning the project was germane to the whole project, or are you saying--I mean it is easy to say, ``Well, they dug a hole where they shouldn't, and we released all this toxic water.'' Anybody could have probably walked out and done that report.    Mr. Westerman. So, at the very least, should Federal agencies correct their policies so they do not repeat mistakes?    Mr. Westerman. To me, it seems like there is an obvious major systemic flaw in the process of how these projects are done, and the report seemed to turn a blind eye to that. It analyzed what happened, but it did not really look at the root cause of why it happened, why there was poor planning, why there was not appropriate expertise on site, and what could be done to fix that.    I know that professional engineers nationwide have called for improved standardized best practices that must be adhered to for all Federal engineering projects. Why doesn't the Department of the Interior support this recommendation?    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Costa.