    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and the ranking member. I thank the witnesses for being here today, specifically Bryan Shaw, the chair of our Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. It's always nice to have a Texan testify here.    I would also like to acknowledge Alan Matheson, cousin of our longtime colleague from this committee, former Representative Jim Matheson. I miss Jim because on my side of the aisle he voted with me a number of times.    But it is not secret in Houston we have air quality challenges. Just yesterday the EPA granted the Houston-Galveston-Brazoria region an additional year of compliance.    The region currently sits on 80 parts per billion, which is still above the 2008 ozone standard. So we needed more time.    That being said, we have come a long way in Houston since the 1970s when the ozone measure was 150 parts per billion. I think today's discussion is an invaluable exercise.    While I don't support the majority's legislation, I think there is reasonable efforts that can be made to improve implementation of NOx.    Chairman Shaw, in your testimony you stated the Clean Air Act's requirement of the EPA ignore technological and economic considerations may have made sense 40 years ago but now pollution reduction is economically burdensome.    We've repeatedly discussed the issue of technological feasibility and economic achievement. But the Supreme Court has stated the most important forum for consideration of technological and economic claims is before the State agency where you sit.    Can you--your agency consider the cost in technology in drafting a SIP?    Mr. Green. But are you allowed to consider the cost in technology?    Mr. Green. My big concern is if we want to do what's technologically possible and hearing the testimony from parts of the country that just--unlike in Houston.    You know, part of our problem is that we need some better roads instead of all the dirt that flows up and dust that flows up into the air, particularly an industrial area like I represent.    So there's things we can do. But if it is not technologically possible I really do think that the State agency, as the court said, or maybe EPA ought to consider it. I am just glad we got another year so we can continue to work. But I wish I could say we would pave those places in my district in the last year. I've been working on that for a dozen years now.    But if the State can already consider it by the court order why is it not sufficiently flexible to meet the new requirements?    Mr. Green. What will we do in Texas for the year extension we have? Because we still don't meet the standards that, you know, that we were earlier.    Mr. Green. Well, and in my area we have industrial facilities, refineries, chemical plants. But they're stationary. You know what they're doing.    But our problem is we also have tremendous truck traffic not only from those plants but also the ship channel and so the mobile sources are an issue.    Is there a split between what the stationary sources are as compared to the mobile sources?    Mr. Green. OK. Director Sadredin, in December '15 as part of the 2015 ozone standard the EPA released a white paper on background ozone, which discussed exceptional events.    The white paper requested comments from stakeholders. Last month, EPA had a workshop to follow up on these. During the workshop none of the participants raised the issue of drought or stagnation. Some stakeholders are interested in development of further guidelines and templates for exceptional events. A few, however, were concerned, that spending limited resources on development of exceptional events guidance.    In Texas, we know the issue of drought and in fact I am worried we are getting back into it in some cases. Would your control district consider additional guidance regarding qualifying events a worthwhile use of time or recourse?    Mr. Green. Thank you for you answer. Thank you for your time. I know I've run over a lot. Mr. Chairman, thank you.