    Mr. Cummings. Let me--Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for your comments that you just made.    And I hope that--it just reminds me, with regard to the Jones Act, I agree with you, Administrator. I mean we can't even--we--you know, it seems as if there is some real short-sightedness going on here, and that is a major problem. And I am hoping that the chairman will join all of us on this--particularly on this subcommittee, to try to make sure that the Congress understands the significance of the Jones Act, because I think a lot of our colleagues just do not understand how significant it is, and how America is falling behind. I used to say slowly, but surely. Now it is fast.    And that leads me to these questions. You know, as you know, our highest priority, Administrator, you know, was to try to make sure that we--well, when I go back and I think about my chairmanship of the subcommittee over the Coast Guard, you know, we spent a lot of time just trying to make sure that our ports were safe. And we put in a lot of measures to try to accomplish that. Where are we on that, the port--with regard to Coast Guard and ports?    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. Good. Administrator, how many vessels are currently flying the U.S. flag in oceangoing foreign trade?    Mr. Cummings. How many such vessels were there, say, 5 years ago?    Mr. Cummings. And I know you have been working diligently to strengthen the flag fleet. And I want to applaud you and Secretary Foxx for the efforts, and--because he has shown a lot of personal commitment to the success of the U.S. merchant marine, more so than just about any other Secretary that I have had a relationship with.    Can you discuss what steps have been taken, and what additional ones are planned to support our U.S.-flag fleet in the foreign trade?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Admiral, let me ask you this. As you know, one of my highest priorities when I was Chair was ensuring that the student body at the Coast Guard Academy reflected the diversity of the Nation that the Coast Guard serves. And great strides were made, no doubt about it. It has been simply astounding, what we were able to achieve.    But certainly we ought to hold and protect our progress. And I am wondering what is going on there, and are those efforts continuing to make sure that we have a diverse Academy?    Mr. Cummings. You know, it was interesting. When we were working on this issue years ago, people kept saying, with regard to the Academy, that if you make your force more diverse, the SAT scores would be lower, and that people would not be successful. And, you know, I kept telling them, you know, you have to go and find people. And I have sat now, I guess for 10 years, on the Naval Academy Board of Visitors. And I know we had an opportunity to have some--a lot of conversations between the Coast Guard and the Naval Academy, because the Naval Academy has done a pretty good job on this issue, too.    So, I just want to make sure that, you know, we are continuing to do that. And, based on what you just said, I am glad that we are going to the colleges and--because in today's world, with so many students having such a difficult time with money, and getting through school, I mean, if they can get that education, get paid, and then have a job, that is the other piece. After you get out, I mean, that is major. And so that is good to hear.    Master Chief, you know, you said something about--you were talking about child care. And we--in my district we did a series of forums with women. And we did one with women in business, we did another one with women in education. But we also did one with women in the military. And I was--and I am telling you it was one of the most enlightening events that I have ever done in my 18 years of being in Congress, because we sat there and women literally cried. It got very emotional about being able to get decent child care, and how so often they had to end their careers.    I mean this was just--this was mainly Army and Air Force, but it was just very interesting. And I never--I guess I--I mean I had three kids, and we had to go through the child care thing. I did not know it was such a major issue. So it is a problem, isn't it?    Master Chief Cantrell. Yes, sir. And we see it more and more with folks making these career decisions. Even when they are looking at whatever their next assignment is going to be of is there affordable and acceptable child care in there. And we work really hard with the GSA child care subsidy reimbursement program, as well as our DOD folks where we can, to get our members access to those facilities. And we are continuing to work that, and we are getting better each year, I think.    But it is a daunting task for them sometimes to think about whether it is worth it to stay in the Service. And we have got an investment in those folks that--we don't want to let them walk out the door. So we are focused on trying to find other ways to take care of them.    Mr. Cummings. Well, anything I can do to be supportive, please let me know.    Master Chief Cantrell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.