    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for your testimony. I would like to just gather first just a couple of big-picture things here and ask this question this way. Of all the subsidies going on with egg commodities and globally, if we got our way, which in my view would be everybody on exactly the level playing field. Let's just say all those subsidies disappeared overnight, and now we have an open global market that would make an adjustment, that would be abrupt, but it would stabilize. If it stabilized, once you get to that point, what then, first Dr. Hudson, would you predict happens to our commodity process? They go up or down? Generally, is food more expensive or cheaper if we don't have the subsidies distorting their production?    Mr. King. When demand adjusts to that, then do we have more production or less production?    Mr. King. The whole world on average.    Dr. Hudson.--overall, you are going to have whatever production is supported by the income of people to buy the products. So as long as you didn't see dramatic shifts in income, you would probably see a slight reduction in overall global production. But in the long run, it has to stabilize where people buy food. It would just be a higher share of our income at that point.    Mr. King. I would like to hear from Mr. Thorn. What is your response to that?    Mr. King. Which was going to be my follow-up question on that. If we could actually get to where we would like to go, idealistically here, it benefits you as producers because we can compete in that marketplace.    Mr. King. And when you do the analysis of the subsidies, does crop insurance figure into this, into that equation, Dr. Hudson?    Mr. King. Okay. I would turn to Mr. Thorn on that.    Mr. King. But if you calculate the U.S. subsidies, there is a distinction in commodity to commodity on how much subsidy exists because of crop insurance?    Mr. King. What would then be the commodity that is the most highly subsidized by crop insurance in the United States?    Mr. King. Do you calculate this separate by commodity or----    Mr. King. I want to ask you if you could produce that document for our review. I would appreciate it, and it would help our understanding of this. And in the perfect world or let me just say that we are where we are with this.    Mr. King. Then what do you advocate we do to bring this thing towards a solution? Are you advocating that we file a case with WTO? And having just experienced this with COOL, we came out second on that which I am fine with because it was trade protectionism on the part of the COOL litigation. But what would you predict would happen down the litigation side with WTO?    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Thorn. I thank the witnesses, and I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Aguilar, 5 minutes. No questions? Mrs. Kirkpatrick, 5 minutes.