    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We've established from your investigations that tapes were not sent to the labs; laptops were not examined; BlackBerrys were not examined. In June of 2014, the IRS in testimony in letters stated that it left, ``no stone unturned,'' to recover the emails. Was that true?    Mr. Russell. That statement was not true.    July of 2014, IRS officials testified that it was possible that Lois Lerner's emails were recoverable on discovered backup data, tapes, other things that you've explained here today. Were the tapes being erased after July of 2014?    Mr. Russell. Degaussed?    Mr. Russell. In that same month, July 2014, IRS officials testified to the Senate Finance Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee, and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee here that it, ``confirmed the emails were unrecoverable.'' Given then that these tapes had--the degaussing or whatever had been stopped, given that recoverable data still existed on the tapes, was that statement true?    Mr. Russell. It would not appear to be true.    February 2015, Commissioner Koskinen declared that he had, ``confirmed the emails were unrecoverable.'' And that there were, in his words, ``no way,'' to recover them. Was that true?    Mr. Russell. That would not appear to be true.    We have established here today multiple incidents where the IRS did not tell the truth. Worse, the First Amendment protections on targeted groups were violated, even stated by Lois Lerner in a public forum. There has been no accountability of individuals misleading Congress and making untrue statements, which we've established here. In hearings this week, we're seeing a trend whereby government agencies do a magnificent job of safeguarding data and emails from the government, but allow our enemies to breach them with skill.    And this is a grotesque double standard on the rights of American citizens. If they use the same untrue statements on records provided to an IRS audit, they would likely be brought up on charges. If an American citizen used this same standard, making untrue statements, saying, well, I thought that was the case but maybe it wasn't, but I don't have the records and I can't send them to you. There would be fines and prosecutions, more than likely.    We urge you to use a similar standard in holding the IRS accountable for those that have lied to Congress in your investigations to resolve and restore confidence that our government can act with integrity, and act constitutionally on behalf of the American people. You, in your auditing capacity and your investigative capacity, have that responsibility that I know you take seriously.    But we need to restore that confidence to the American citizens of this country. And I urge you to hold these people that have lied to Congress to account.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time.     Mr. Russell. Yes.    Mr. Russell. Thank you very much. Thank you.