    Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez, for holding this hearing.    Small businesses truly are the backbone of this nation. I represent a district in Los Angeles County, and I see firsthand the hard work of thousands of small businesses take to achieve that American dream that so many of you are speaking about today. I think this Committee is really one of the most important committees in Congress because 99 percent of all businesses in the United States are small business. During my time on this Committee, one of the things I focused on is women- and minority-owned businesses, because that is the makeup of my district back in Los Angeles. We brought many women and minority small business owners together for roundtables and SBA workshops, and we have in my hometown a number of successful women-owned businesses. Some of the San Pedro favorites are the Omelet and Waffle Shop, a new coffee shop called Sirens, and a clothing store called Dramatique. While these businesses have been flourishing in my district, I was a little bit disheartened to learn that the percentage of women starting small businesses has been declining over the past 20 years. A recent study by the Kaufman Foundation found that the share of women startups fell from 43 percent in 2010 to 36 percent in 2015, which is close to a two-decade low. The decline is even more evident among younger women where the average number of businesses started by young women has decreased by 27 percent since 1996.    I think there is a variety of reasons for the decreasing number of women starting businesses. According to one Wall Street Journal, women have less access to capital, are erroneously perceived as less competent than men, and have less confidence when it comes to their success and potential failure.    I was going to ask those of you who are here today, how can we get more women to start businesses? What should this Committee and SBA do to address a problem that you might see happening out there? I would be interested in hearing all of your responses to this.    Ms. HAHN. Thank you.    Ms. HAHN. It is? Are you sure about that?