    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. I call this hearing to order. We are here today to talk about small businesses and the hidden federal regulatory burden that is weighing them down.    Small businesses are a huge contributor to the American economy. They employ nearly 57 million employees, create 7 out of every 10 new jobs, and produce nearly half of private sector GDP. In my home state of Ohio, 2.1 million Americans go to work every day at a small business. In fact, almost 90 percent of U.S. employers have 20 employees or less.    The federal government should be doing everything it can to help these small but mighty job creators flourish. Unfortunately, federal regulators are doing the opposite oftentimes by layering on new red tape and hiding the real burden from the American public.    Too often, agencies do a poor job of assessing the impact of regulations on small businesses. However, we know small businesses shoulder a disproportionate share of the federal regulatory burden. A 2014 study found that small businesses with 50 employees or less spend 17 percent more to comply with federal regulations and that regulations cost the economy over $2 trillion annually.    The regulatory burden falls most heavily on small firms because they have fewer resources and do not have in-house lawyers and regulatory compliance staff to help them navigate complicated federal rules. That is why it is critical that federal agencies analyze the small business impacts of new regulations and reduce unnecessary and excessive burdens. Agencies have been required to do this for over 35 years but still avoid these requirements in many instances.    We need to lighten the massive regulatory burden and make it easier for small businesses to start, grow, thrive, and create new jobs. So we need to understand the problems that small businesses are facing and develop bold solutions.    One legislative solution that the Committee put forward last year is H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, which passed the House with a bipartisan vote. The legislative window is closing, so I hope the Senate will act quickly to move this important bill.    I want to thank the witnesses for being here today, and I would now like to recognize our ranking member for her opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    If Committee members have an opening statement prepared, we ask that they submit them for the record.    I will now take just a moment to explain our timing and lighting system. It is pretty simple. Each of you gets 5 minutes. We will then get 5 minutes to question you back and forth from Republican and Democratic side. The lights, the green light will be on for 4 minutes, the yellow light will come on to let you know you have got a minute to wrap up, and then the red light comes on, and we would appreciate it if you would conclude by that time if at all possible. We will give you a little leeway but not a whole lot.    Now I would like to introduce our witness panel. I will introduce our first witness, and then I will turn it over to the ranking member to introduce our second witness, and I will introduce the others.    Our first witness is Karen Harned. Ms. Harned is the Executive Director of the NFIB, National Federation of Independent Business, Small Business Legal Center. The NFIB represents over 325,000 small and independent businesses. The Legal Center advocates for small business in the nation's courts and serves as a resource for small business owners across the country. Prior to joining the Legal Center, Ms. Harned worked at a law firm specializing in food and drug law.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member for our second introduction.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Our third witness is Rosario Palmieri. Mr. Palmieri is the Vice President of Labor, Legal, and Regulatory Policy at the National Association of Manufacturers, or NAM. NAM represents manufacturers across the United States, the majority which are small businesses. Before joining NAM, Mr. Palmieri served as a staffer on several House Committees, including the Committee on Small Business, the most important Committee in Congress.    Our final witness is Tom Sullivan, an attorney with the law firm of Nelson Mullins. He leads the Coalition for Responsible Business Finance, a group of businesses that advocate for the value of nontraditional lending opportunities for small businesses. Previously, Mr. Sullivan served as Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the U.S. Small Business Administration from 2002 to 2008. We thank you all for being here today, and Ms. Harned, we will begin with you. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Knapp, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Palmieri, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sullivan, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We appreciate the testimony of all the witnesses. Now the members on both sides will have an opportunity to ask a few questions, and I will begin with myself.    Ms. Harned, let me start with you, if I can. Mr. Palmieri and Mr. Sullivan and you all believe and testified, and we obviously read your statements, that the Regulatory Flexibility Act needs to be strengthened and that loopholes need to be closed. I agree, and many of the members of the Committee do, and I have introduced legislation to do so. This Committee has held numerous hearings where we have heard about agencies bypassing the Regulatory Flexibility Act requirements or merely treating it as a ``check the box'' exercise. When agencies ignore the RFA's procedural requirements, the only option left is litigation. Are RFA compliance disputes being resolved favorably for small businesses in the courts? And if not, why not, in your opinion?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Palmieri, let me turn to you next. Notice and comment rulemaking is a critical process and ensures affected parties and other members of the public have input on regulations as they are developed. In the notice and comment, is it working well, or are there problems, such as short comment periods for complex rules? Do those types of things prevent small businesses from participating in the rulemaking process? What are your thoughts in that area?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sullivan, you mentioned the ``waters of the United States'' rule as an example of agencies deliberately avoiding compliance with the RFA. By certifying the rule, EPA avoided conducting a small business advocacy review panel and doing an analysis of the rule's impacts. What can be done to address this kind of egregious behavior? Is the answer legislation or litigation or presidential leadership or some combination of those things?    Chairman CHABOT. Let me squeeze in one quick question here, Mr. Palmieri. Ms. Harned had mentioned the silica rule in the $5.5 billion annual compliance cost as one of the top issues. I know you had it in your written testimony as well. Would you discuss that briefly, the compliance challenges that small manufacturers are facing when it comes to the silica rule?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. My time is expired.    I would like to now recognize the gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams, who is the Ranking Member of the Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations Subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is the Vice Chairman of this Committee is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time is expired.    The Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The chair would just note for the record that whereas private companies can screw up as they did in the chemical spill in West Virginia, that the government can screw up royally as it did out in Colorado some time ago in the Animas River when the EPA allowed huge amounts to go into the river there. That was the EPA.    I would now like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Knight, for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time is expired. The chair would just note that like California, the city of Cincinnati--and I happen to be a resident of the city of Cincinnati--they are also now considering enacting a $15 minimum wage, and I can assure you that they did not consult with the chairman of the House Small Business Committee before considering such action.    The gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Hardy, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The chair was considering going into a second round and asking another question, but I cannot improve on what the gentleman from Mississippi just said. So I am going to end it there.    We want to thank all the witnesses for being here today. Today's hearing highlighted how regulations that are often created without assessing the real world consequences for small businesses can result in unnecessary and excessive regulatory burdens, especially on small businesses. At the core of this problem, I think to some degree, is the agency's failure to comply with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. This Committee will continue to closely monitor agencies' regulatory activities and work on solutions that will ensure full compliance with the law.    I would ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record. If there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.