    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank you all for being here today.    You know, as I look at what we are facing and what you have talked about so well today, you know, I believe that the United States needs to lead on this, but we can't lead and do things alone, that we need to develop our coalitions wholeheartedly with our European allies and with our allies in the Middle East. You know, you see what happened in Paris, and then France wants to become more involved. And I think that we need to establish that.    And my concern is that we are not doing enough; we are not doing enough to establish these diplomatic ties with our allies. Possibly, we need to share more information, coordinate better, and certainly could possibly do more as far as trying to disrupt them economically. And then, of course, there is the component of what we are going to do militarily.    And, Ambassador, I appreciate what you just shared with us because that has been one of my concerns all along, is what we are doing. I have seen some of their videos and how they try to recruit, and I am like, are we doing anything to counteract that, to get people that go online, to pay attention to these things, to get another point of view? And I would hope that we would do something more like that to counter how effective they have been in that regard.    But I would like to just to ask each of you, what more do you think we should be doing, militarily and non-military, and maybe even more non-military, as I discussed, as far as diplomacy and trying to hurt them economically?    You know, you mentioned before how much they collect in taxes. I mean, that is pretty incredible. And I don't know that many people realize that. That was kind of a new revelation to me. You know, I thought most of the revenue was coming from oil.    So what are some of the things that we can do, both militarily and non-militarily? And how should we develop our coalitions? Because, to me, this is a global good-versus-evil event that is taking place in this time.    I will start with you, Mr. Morell.    Dr. Wenstrup. Dr. Vickers.    Dr. Wenstrup. And I appreciate that. And so, I guess, what do you see that looking like? Because it is something we are good at, let's say, but I don't think in this situation, having served in Iraq, I don't want to be seen as occupiers, I don't want to be there by ourselves. I think we need to have people from the region, as well, that are holding that ground.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ambassador, do you have anything to add?    Ambassador Ford. Can I shift just slightly?    Dr. Wenstrup. Sure.    Ambassador Ford. I think there are two--I talked about Saudi Arabia and the Gulf and reassuring on our shared interest in their stability. I think, two other things on the diplomatic side that need to be done.    Number one, I think there is a need for a much more frank, high-level discussion with Turkey. I am very happy every time I see that our President has talked to their President. I wish they would talk all the time. Because Turkey is probably the most important country in the Syria conflict, aside from Iran, and it has an ability to really help and it has an ability to really be a spoiler.    And so we just have to have a really frank, behind-closed-door discussion with them. I think the Vice President is planning to go to Turkey. I certainly hope he does. And I think the message needs to be blunt, but it needs to be behind closed doors. That is not an argument that should be aired in public.    And to be fair to the Turks, they have interests. I mean, they have interests with what is happening with the Kurds, and they have interest with the neighbor to the south in Iraq and in Syria.    And so, second, and related to that, Turkey and Qatar are backing one side in the Libyan conflict, and the Egyptians and the Emirates are backing a different side. And just the fact that they are pulling in opposite directions, Congressman, just makes the whole Libya problem more difficult.    There are other countries that have interests in Libya too. Algeria shares a very long border, and Algeria has a problem itself with Islamic extremists; Tunisia, where there have been multiple terrorism attacks; the European Union.    There just has to be a greater sustained effort on the Libya diplomacy side. Secretary Kerry was with the United Nations in Rome, where they talked about putting together a Government of National Accord. It is not a one-time-meeting kind of thing. There needs to be a sustained, high-level effort.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. My time has expired.    The Chairman. Mrs. Davis.