    Mr. Robinson. Good morning, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, members of the committee. My name is Gerard Robinson. I am a Resident Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. What I share with you today are my own opinions and do not necessarily reflect those of the AEI.    I have had an opportunity to work in education since 1991, and I have seen the impact of school choice policies and programs on families and children through the lens of an advocate, president of a non-profit organization, state leader in Virginia and Florida, and as a researcher.    I can tell you quite clearly that school choice is not a sound bite, it is a social movement. From 1990 to 2015, over 40 states have introduced different types of school choice legislation, both public and private. Today, I will talk briefly about four, charter schools, vouchers, tax credits, and education savings accounts.    I have had an opportunity to see all these programs in action, and one thing I would like to say up front is there is a misconception that school choice only helps wealthy families. The reality is families with means already exercise school choice. They do so by moving into neighborhoods where they have great schools, both public and private. School choice is simply expanding the doors of opportunity to families who may not have that opportunity.    One example is in the charter school movement what started off initially as an experiment to provide teachers a stronger voice and innovative ideas in public schools has now mushroomed into a movement where we have 2.9 million students in 43 states in 6,723 charter schools, who are doing well.    Taxpayers and families simply want to know one thing, do they work. According to a CREDO study in 2015 that looked at 42 areas in 22 states, they identified there were at least 40 days' worth of learning gain for students in math, and 28 days in reading. There was particular growth for African American students, 36 learning days for math and 26 for reading. Similar growth for Hispanic students. We also found growth as well for Asian students, particularly in math.    Frankly, there were also some challenges, our Native American students and some of our white students scored less well than their peers.    We move now to vouchers, it was mentioned earlier, vouchers in Milwaukee. I had a chance to work there firsthand. Same question, is it making a difference? Well, according to at least 13 gold standard studies, six have found that the students in a voucher program had gains, four in particular found there were gains for African American students, two found no major differences, and at least one found there were negative differences, particularly in the sciences and math, and in particular, that was Louisiana.    Vouchers made a tremendous impact on the lives of students in Milwaukee and other areas, and we can talk further about that point.    Tax credits, I would say one of the faster growing movements in the private school sector. You now have a number of students, over approximately 200,000, who are involved in tax credits. The same question, do they work?    If you take a look at Florida, which has the largest tax credit program in the country, over 72,000 students there, Dr. Figlio, a professor at Northwestern University, studied a program for a number of years, and he found two things. In a 2014 study, he identified there was at least a year's growth for students who were in that program.    Why is that important? The majority of the students who participated in that program, (a) came from lower performing public schools and tend to be among the lower performing students who left public schools, and secondly, they have an opportunity now to see gains in that area.    Next is education savings accounts. We now have those in Florida, Mississippi, Nevada, Tennessee, and it started off in Arizona. Smaller movement, but we expect to see some growth in that area. There are currently 6,772 students who are involved in that program in Florida, Arizona, and Mississippi.    If there is something that Congress can do to support school choice, here are a few examples. Number one is to encourage states to take full advantage of language that you have in ESSA to allow them to be innovative with public funds.    Number two is to make Title I funds portable. I know that caused a great deal of consternation for the Congress, maybe one place where we can find middle ground is to allow states to make that decision.    Third is to make IDEA funds available through a statewide voucher. Fourth is to continue to support statewide vouchers. Fifth, either direct the Congressional Budget Office or the General Accounting Office to figure out what federal regulations are in place, to how we can streamline those to help funds support ESSAs, and lastly, redesign 529s so families can have that information earlier.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Robinson. Parents support school choice because they simply want what is best for their own children. You know, it is interesting that education may be one of the few human endeavors where the customers' voice at times seems not to matter. In other places, if customers say I do not want to buy your product, guess what, in some places, your business is going to actually cease to exist.    When we ask parents what kind of school do you want, they want a school that has strong academics, a school that is safe, so what parents have done simply is to say we would like to have access to the tax dollars we invest in our system. Remember, it is the taxpayers' money, and they see that it is important.    I had a chance, in fact, I moved to Milwaukee for two years to study where at that time had the most robust three sector initiatives in the nation, one-third of its school age population decided not to enroll themselves in the traditional public school system.    It was not because they did not like public schools. It was because they liked parental options. I think often we overuse the conjunction ``or,'' it is either ``private school or public school,'' when really it is an ``and'' aspect. They like it because it is making a great difference.    When you look today and realize there is over 27,000 students enrolled in Milwaukee where in 1990 there were a few hundred students at several schools, that is not by accident.    It was mentioned earlier about supply side. Be very clear. If there is a demand, there will be a supply. There has been a growth in the private schools that have grown in Milwaukee and other cities that have taken place, even Washington, D.C. where you have a healthy market, we have seen changes.    Mr. Robinson. Dr. Patrick Wolf at the University of Arkansas has been the principal investigator, one of many, but the lead for the program in Milwaukee and for the opportunity scholarship program here in Washington, D.C. I would take a look at his studies.    Secondly, it would be worth mentioning that the Friedman Foundation did not create the concept of a gold standard. Really, when you are talking about methodological standards, you are looking at control groups and treatment groups. To make sure that there are good points there, I just wanted to mention that.    Having a strong teacher qualified to teach in a school has been one way that we have seen a difference. Secondly, inviting parents and the community to be involved in the process. We have to remember that we cannot expect nor should we expect public schools to do all the work by itself. It takes what I call a civil society approach where there are families, faith based communities, corporations, and others who need to be involved.    There are public schools who are doing this well. We can learn from them in the private sector, and the private sector programs are doing equally as well.    I would also like to add Betts and Tang. They had a 2014 study where they looked at 90--52 value added papers on charter schools, and they actually found in fact there was some improvements as relates to math and reading, particularly over time.    Mr. Robinson. Well, parents seek out private options for reasons other than the ones you mentioned, so--    Mr. Robinson. What I said was in Georgia, you had Dr. Ben Scafidi--    Mr. Robinson. Yes--no. I said that parents choose it for smaller classroom, intervention, and other factors. The point you had mentioned, if public schools had A, B, or C, would parents leave. That part, I do not know. There are a lot of reasons parents leave. Some of the reasons they left were the ones I cited.    Mr. Robinson. It can serve as an encourager. What you decide to do with the ESSA law, letting states have the opportunity to experiment, that is a role. I go back to early in our history where we looked at knowledge, religion, and morality being necessary for good government and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged.    I see the federal role as an encouraging role, one that allows states to do what it can, support where it can, and lead from behind.    Mr. Robinson. So the issue of cherry picking has been a problem for some places and not others. In most states, they have a lottery. If there are 100 seats and they have 200 applicants, you have a lottery. I have attended lotteries. I have had a chance to pick the balls out or the name. The students who were picked actually enroll. There may be attritions and students may leave, but we are not cherry picking every single kid. With 2.9 million kids, a lottery is one way to take care of that.    Number two, some students choose to leave a charter school either because (a) it is just not a good fit, same reason they left a traditional school. Some choose to leave because they want to go to another school that has a program that is better aligned.    I will not get into which state is better or not. That will probably get me in some trouble.    Mr. Robinson. The National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, they have a report where they have ranked all of the states, and you've got Minnesota, you have other states. I would say take a look at their ranking. They rank on several criteria. Some states are doing really well.    If you want to be a strong charter school state, make sure you have a lottery in place, make sure we fully fund charter schools. It is a myth that charter schools are receiving all the funding that traditional schools are sending, and before we have conversations about fully funding public education, let's truly fund all public schools including charter schools.    Mr. Robinson. Correct.    Mr. Robinson. Milwaukee does not cover full cost of tuition. It is a social justice model where the school accepts $7,200, and it varies a little more for high school. When they accept the money, they cannot charge tuition beyond that. If they attend a school that is $20,000, they accept the $7,200, the rest is gone. Social justice--    Mr. Robinson. No, and it depends on where you are. Let's look at Georgia where they have a special needs scholarship. It can go as high as $19,000, depending upon what needs you have. The laws are specific and change throughout the state. North Carolina is one example, but there are others. It is a myth that all--there are kids in voucher programs and others that are ELL students. In Washington, D.C., the opportunities scholarship program, I went to an event where you had parents, many of them or their children, English is their second language, there are other programs in this city, so I would recommend law--    Mr. Robinson. Oh, sure. It is quality versus quantity. Sidwell Friends and other high performing schools are part of the program. Those are options that would not be in place. Same thing in Milwaukee, same thing in New Orleans and other states.    The gentleman left from Milwaukee, one point I wanted to mention, it is true there was actually someone who used public dollars to buy a Cadillac, there are surely private school providers who use the money for different things, the Teachers Union made sure they highlighted the private school provider buying the Cadillac, but I would like to see the Teachers Union also highlight the thousands of children through a quality education who graduated from high school and college who are able to actually buy their own Cadillacs because of the education they received in a voucher program.    Mr. Robinson. The Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction, actually, I will use the term broadly, regulates and oversees the program. If you think there is no accountability, talk to the private schools that were closed because of financial malfeasance and other problems.    If you look at Florida, Florida's program, the tax credit program, those students who take public money in fact are required to take a test, either the state test or NAEP test, and that information is made available to the Department of Education, and we give an update to the legislature.    In Virginia, we have a tax credit program, relatively new. In November of last year, a report was submitted to the legislature on the number of students who were participating.    Departments of Education for the most part for tax credits could be a Department of Revenue or Taxation, are in fact overseeing the programs, and trust me, they have actually closed programs, and there is accountability there.    Mr. Robinson. Well, CREDO said it was more than average, and that was 42 urban areas and 22 cities. We looked at the gold standard 13 studies. They are actually showing, for example, you have Cohen 2008, eight points in reading, seven points in math. Green 2001 in Charlotte, six points combined in reading and math. Green 1998 Milwaukee, six points in reading, 11 points in math.    Some studies showed, particularly with African American students, five percentage points for math, and particularly those coming from low performing schools.    At the end of the day, we can debate statistics all night. When you talk to parents, what they want to know is a school good, is it safe, and will my child have an opportunity to advance in ways I could not. That is how they make their decision.    We as thinkers and social scientists, we can debate the nuances, but for parents who have to make real world decisions, they are making decisions and voting with their feet. I think we should listen to that. The research matters, and it seems to--    Mr. Robinson. Correct.    Mr. Robinson. So, if you look at Milwaukee, the three previous superintendents, actually, it is four, said while they had challenges and concerns about the program, they actually saw the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program encouraging them to do better, so as to actually keep more students in public schools. That is a fact.    You mentioned Georgia. I am on the board of the GOAL Scholarship Program. We are the largest one in Georgia. We have 13,212 students who we have invested money in, the majority of them low income and working class families, making a tremendous difference.    There are now superintendents and school boards that are saying guess what, what are they offering at the private school that we can do differently, so that is a change.    I would also like to say that when I worked for D.C. Public Schools here in the 90s, traditional public schools do not educate all students, even though they have a constitutional obligation to do so, meaning there were some students with special needs that were so severe they actually had to partner and contract with private companies, non-profit companies, and for profit companies. Guess what? Their charter schools would actually partner with traditional public schools for services as well as those in the non-profit and for profit market.    We often have to go outside of our own realm to get support, but places like New York and others are showing there is a demand for it, and we should support it.    Mr. Robinson. I used Nevada because you are in fact universal, so it was a little different than the other states. If you are looking at actually using Title I and IDEA money, it is often tough to do because at the federal level, you will set rules, they have to (a) go through a Department of Education, and (b) go to the local system. There may be ways of actually streamlining that to get that either directly to the local district or the superintendent of the school board can actually make a decision, or to streamline the process to go directly to families particularly if they are the ones using their debit card to make purchases for the kind of services you mentioned.    Mr. Robinson. So, some of the other ESSA programs are focused on special populations, either special needs, at times, military, yours is open to any student who is within--96 percent of your students who are in the public school system for at least a number of days.    Yours is different in the fact that you can receive one, I can receive one, someone can as well, even though he or she may not be special needs or otherwise.    Mr. Robinson. When we mention school choice, we primarily have focused on it from 1990 forward, but if we actually go back as early as the 1970s, we had school choice in the context of magnet schools and open enrollment, as you mentioned.    Many school systems today actually already contract with providers, non-profit, and for profit, simply to provide services that it cannot.    I think at times we overuse the term ``privatization'' as if somehow for profit companies are not involved in education except for vouchers, when in fact the desks students sit in, the computers they use, the pencils they use, at times, uniforms, all of that often, most of that is driven by for profit companies, so we already have a contracting system in place, and I think it makes sense where it should be used.    Mr. Robinson. I have had a chance to see Title I in action in both Virginia and Florida. Let me say many families would find themselves in a tough situation in the absence of a Title I program. I think what one of your former colleagues many years ago did, Augustus Hawkins, who was a Congress member of my area in Los Angeles many years ago, who helped push the idea that there are simply some families and communities where there needs to be an investment.    I am glad that is in place. It is a good social safety net. I have seen some great results from kids who have gone to Title I schools, who with the right investment of teachers, other human resources, and frankly technology, have seen some gains.    Unfortunately, I have also seen some challenges, wasteful investments. Often times, we mention private schools not having all the appropriate paperwork. We have some of those challenges in our public school sector as well.    The idea about empowering parents to use Title I if we use the idea of a debit card is not per se to divert money away as much as to give those parents they have already invested in the system. It is taxpayer money. It is a state issue. This is one way of actually empowering parents to do something differently.    You frankly will even find some superintendents of school boards who may want to experiment with this idea to say let's try to see how it works. Through small evaluative processes, we can actually found ways for both public and private institutions to learn from each other.    Mr. Robinson. In Milwaukee, we use that as an example. If you take a look at the legislation that put that law into action, they actually have a line in there where they say the private schools who participate must adhere to the 1964 Civil Rights Act.    We also know that over the last three and a half years, I believe, the Federal Government looked into an allegation that there was rapid discrimination against special needs students in the voucher schools in Milwaukee. I believe as of January, they ceased their investigation to find there was in fact no widespread discrimination against special needs students.    Are there some challenges? Absolutely, because we are still dealing with human beings and aspects, but we have put those in place. If you take a look at other state laws, they have also included the 1964 Civil Rights Act to make sure that is in place to deal with discrimination.    You also have inspector generals within the Department of Education either internal requests or outside requests to look into that, so we have some safeguards in there. I would be lying if I tell you there were not slip up's and things that fell through, but we at least put those mechanisms in place to address those issues.    Mr. Robinson. It is about power, and that is what the discussion is about, who is going to control public dollars and for what reason. There are examples from most of the choice states that they are taking hard to serve children. It is simply a fact, but when you play power politics, the goal is to try to take information and use it for a way to prove the obvious.    There are some kids who simply did not do well in a traditional public school. It does not mean the public school is a horrible place. It just was not a good fit for them.    There also was a comment about if a family is at the cusp of 185 percent of poverty versus someone who is lower, that they are different students, different kinds of families. Statistically, yes, but they are unified around one thing, we want options and we want to invest our money the way we see fit.    At the end of the day, this is about power, but if we want to remain powerful as a nation, we have to invest in our children and the schools that work.    Mr. Robinson. So, Wisconsin in 2004 to 2007 was trying to figure out how they could actually expand more charter schools into the rural areas. That is one state I would say to take a look at. Same thing in Georgia.    If you look at the private school sector, I would say take a look at the tax credit scholarship program in Georgia. There are a number of providers, again, I am on GOAL scholarship, which is the largest in the state, but if you take a look at the map of Georgia, surely we have students in the Atlanta metropolitan area, but we serving students in Northern Georgia, Southern Georgia, East and West.    We actually work with school leaders to inform us how best to work with them, working with students in the city and rural areas are different, not for all the reasons we would think, but there are definitely challenges, transportation is one, distance between home and school is another, so transportation challenges.    I think we have learned a lot from listening to them, to figure out how we can do it well. It is not an area where I spend a great deal of time. I know back in Virginia, we have something called the ``Horseshoe,'' and we have a number of families there who have challenges, financially and otherwise, but the community college system, which I would say is one of the best in the nation, they are actually partnering with rural communities, high schools and others, to make sure that adults receive either GEDs, degrees, or actually can go to community school for support.    I would take a look at the Virginia community college system and what they are doing in the Horseshoe with rural families.    Mr. Robinson. There were at least nine rural school systems in Virginia who decided not to apply to National Science Foundation as individuals for a grant, they applied together, I believe they received $2 million, and that was to use technology for their students in rural Virginia, mostly of parents without passports, to have conversations with students in other countries, opening the door and getting to the idea of citizenship. That is one example.