    Mr. Sherman. I would like to defer to the gentlelady from New York.    Mr. Sherman. I want to pick up on the brilliant comments of Mr. Stivers. You have to work to harmonize these rules. It is absolutely absurd to think that we would have one set of rules applying to me because I have my money in an IRA and no rules, perhaps, or another set of rules applying to my mother who inherited some money from my father.    And, in fact, what you have is a circumstance where you are going to have greater restrictions or greater protections on baby boomers who have their money in IRAs, and weaker restrictions and more freedom for people in their eighties and nineties who never know from IRAs and 401(k)s.    So it ought to be the same rule or, if anything, the stricter rule ought to apply to the non-IRA accounts. And it is the SEC that has the expertise so I hope you will talk to your friends in the Department of Labor.    In your prepared testimony, you mentioned the proposed rule to permit asset managers to provide shareholder reports electronically instead of on paper. On behalf of America's trees, I want to commend you for that and push it forward. I think it will be better for the investor because, speaking as an investor, I am constantly losing my reports. If they are electronic, I will have them forever, and I can switch back at them. I will never do that during a hearing, but at other times when I have my iPad, they are right there.    As to a SIFI designation, you also mentioned that in your report, do you think you have enough tools to determine whether an asset manager is systemically important, Mr. Grim?    Mr. Grim. Dodd-Frank set up the tools. The tools are for FSOC to determine whether something is systemic as opposed to the SEC. But I think that is where the tools are.    Mr. Sherman. Going to the liquidity rules, you are going to have six buckets. Is there going to be a requirement that the fund have at least 50 percent of its assets in bucket one or bucket two, or is this just a disclosure, or is this a requirement?    Mr. Grim. On the liquidity proposal that you reference, you are right to note that one of the elements of the rule is it proposes that there would be six buckets. Those buckets would be disclosed and transparent, so that is an essential part of the rule. There is another part of the rule that codifies some guidance that has been in existence for a while that would cap the amount of illiquid assets that a fund could hold.    Mr. Sherman. Is illiquid bucket six or bucket five and six or buckets two through--or are these rules just separate? Do the buckets have anything to do with the 15 percent requirement?    Mr. Grim. It is a separate requirement.    Mr. Sherman. A separate requirement.    I am a bit concerned about the idea of using third parties because I have seen what happened in the bond rating area, where they basically created the greatest economic catastrophe of our lifetimes, because the bond rating agency is selected by the issuer.    If we are going to have these outside firms come in, are they going to be selected by the fund or would the SEC have a panel and assign the way, say, bankruptcy trustees are assigned from a panel? And wouldn't my grades have been much better if I could have determined which professor graded my paper and paid him?    Mr. Grim. With respect to third-party compliance reviews, Chair White has directed us, the staff, to come up with a recommendation on that point. One of the--    Mr. Sherman. I recommend that when you do that, look at the Frank and Sherman amendment to Dodd-Frank as originally proposed. We had a good system for assigning credit rating agencies. The SEC board ignored it there. But it is a system you may want to pick up. I am not saying this will please your board. Since they ignored it when they were required to follow it, they may not want you to follow it voluntarily.    But the idea that you are going to have an outside grader who is paid and selected by the people that they are grading didn't work out so well in 2008. And you ought to take a look at a system by which those doing the grading can't become more profitable by putting out the word that they are easy graders.