    Chairman Meadows . I thank the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Leonhart, you've been with DEA for how many years?    Mr. Meadows. 35 years, and as I understand it, about 5 years as--in your current position from----    Mr. Meadows. Since 2010. So you take this very seriously being part of law enforcement. You know, I enjoy a great relationship with law enforcement back home and in the standards of which they take, and so standards that are violated by some within our ranks really paint a very bad picture for the rest who serve diligently. Wouldn't you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. Well, and it should hit you hard, and it sounds like that, you know, you keep saying that you're appalled and that you just can't believe this kind of behavior, but my concern is, is in 1994 there was a GAO report that outlined, and you were there at that particular time, that outlined, you know, sexual misconduct within the agency. Then again in 2004, there was an OIG study that talked about this same kind of inappropriate behavior. And yet here we are today with a new OIG report that's over 100 pages in length, but we're addressing a decade-old cultural problem. Aren't we? This is not new to you. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Well, it might if it wasn't reinforced in other ways. And let me tell you, you keep coming back to Cartagena because it really may be the only time that there have been people that have actually been disciplined for improper conduct. Wouldn't you agree with that? So you keep running back to this as a good example, but yet your directive didn't come out until 2 years after that event. You were bragging about your directive that you sent out. Didn't that go out in 2014?    Mr. Meadows. So why--if you were concerned about the culture, wouldn't it have gone out immediately after the event, or is it just that the press has started to report this as a problem and now it's a problem for you?    Mr. Meadows. So it is your testimony that it took you 2 years to figure out what to put in a directive? Is that your testimony here today?    Mr. Meadows. OK. I'm running out of time. So let me--let me do this one followup because I have reason to believe that some of the people that today you're saying maybe should have been fired but that you didn't give a directive, but I have reason to believe that some of them have actually gotten promotions, have gotten bonuses, and have gotten new assignments. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. That some of them.    Mr. Meadows. How about bonuses? Because I have reason to believe that there were bonuses that were given. I'm sure you've just looked into all of this. So were there bonuses given to some of those folks?    Mr. Meadows. So some bonuses were given to people who were directly involved in this particular thing that most Americans find offensive?    Mr. Meadows. Yes--yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. Well, you said you just didn't know. So how would you know that----    Mr. Meadows. So is it possible they got bonuses?    Mr. Meadows. It's very possible. Because our intel would say that it is. So here's my--I appreciate the patience of the chair.    If you would give, without names, because obviously that is critical, would you agree today to give the names and the number of people involved in this to the OIG so he can report back to this committee on how many of those people got bonuses? Would you agree to do that? Because I find that that's reenforcing a bad behavior, if they're getting bonuses. Would you do that? Would you agree to that?    Mr. Meadows. So we can get bonus information to see if these people that were involved in this got bonuses. And you can redact the names. I just want to know the number of them.    Mr. Meadows. So is that a no? I mean, you're the Administrator. You can make the decision. Are you going to give it to us or not?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Chairman, I----    Mr. Meadows. Yes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the chair for their patience. I yield back.