    Mr. Butterworth. Chairman Gowdy, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Lofgren, and Congressmen, my name is Zach Butterworth. I am the executive counsel and director of Federal relations for the city of New Orleans. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to provide testimony before the Committee today.    Mr. Butterworth. Okay. Thank you, Vanita.    Mr. Butterworth. Before I begin, I would like to thank the panel for their support that Congress has provided to New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina 11 years ago. Our recovery would certainly not be where it is today without that support.    I would also like to thank you for your strong support of the victims of the flooding of Baton Rouge. I have seen a magnitude of that flood, and those people will certainly need your help for years to come.    I want to emphasize three main points from my written testimony and then try to give the panel a little bit of context for how we got here today. First, public safety is a top priority in New Orleans. Legal or undocumented, whoever commits a crime in New Orleans will be arrested. Our record shows that every day the New Orleans Police Department takes violent criminals off the streets.    In 2012, Mayor Landrieu formed the Multi-Agency Gang Unit. That unit alone has arrested 100 of the most violent criminals in New Orleans. Murder is down in New Orleans, 18 percent from 2011. At the same time, murder was up 4 percent nationwide. Violent crime is down in New Orleans, 60 percent dating back to its highs in 1994.    My second point is that New Orleans' policy does not make us a sanctuary city. We are trying to follow Federal law. We have been trying to follow Federal law from day 1. It should go without saying that any police department--any policy a police department adopts follows State, local, and Federal law.    So the review process here. The NOPD, every policy is reviewed by the Department of Justice, a Federal monitor, who is appointed by a Federal judge, and the NOPD.    In drafting our policy, we asked the experts. Officials from ICE were brought in and reviewed best practices from around the country. For instance, the Major Cities Chiefs Association, which New Orleans is a member, represents 70 million Americans. They support policies that foster trust, cooperation between police officers, and immigrant communities that we all serve.    And my third point is that NOPD's policy on immigration status will make the city safer. It frees up our officers to focus on violent crime. It also allows anyone to report a crime or to be a witness or a victim to report a crime. The policy is already bearing fruit. On the ground, our commanders are seeing better cooperation with immigrant communities.    Quickly, going back to 2010, we did invite the Justice Department in. Their comprehensive investigation showed that we had problems in the way that we treated the immigrant community. We wanted to fix that.    Since 2010, we have launched 11 new recruit classes. We have written 34 of these types of policies. Forty more are being drafted right now. These policies cover canine use, prisoner transport, Taser operations, body-worn cameras, to name a few.    Now, going back to March 2015, we started drafting this policy with the NOPD, the Federal monitor, and of course, the Justice Department. In September, we brought in ICE. We asked the experts. They were brought in at both the local and the headquarters level. At the time, ICE told us that the policy complied with all Federal ICE requirements for law enforcement.    Then in December, Judge Susie Morgan, who oversees the consent decree, also brought in ICE. We had the chief counsel from the New Orleans division in our office. No concerns, substantive concerns, about the policy were raised at that time.    So, in February of this year, the Federal monitor approved the policy. Immediately, there were some concerns about the policy, so Mayor Landrieu wrote to DHS and DOJ, the leadership there, and said: ``If anyone in any of your agencies, any person has a concern about this policy, please contact us.'' It wasn't until July that we received a letter back with information about 1373 and general compliance there.    So, when we got that--when we received that information, we immediately went to work redrafting the policy with DOJ, and as the Chairman noted, last week, the Federal monitor did approve the updated policy that we believe fully complies with Federal law just as we believe the last policy fully complied with Federal law.    So, simply put, the NOPD's policy on immigration status is going to make the city safer, and it follows Federal law. As required by the consent decree, we will review our policies continuously, and I am happy to take any questions. Thank you.    Mr. Butterworth. Sir, we believe the policy fully complies with 1373. If there is anything about the new policy that is unclear, we would be happy to go back and take a look.    Mr. Butterworth. I think the focus of the concerns that had been raised had been on 1373(a). I think, on behalf of the NOPD, we are happy to go back and make sure that there is no misunderstanding about 1373(b). I think, as you just heard, Ms.----    Mr. Butterworth. So, as you just heard Ms. Gupta testify, this policy allows officers to communicate with ICE. They are going to help ICE in any sort of public safety event. They are going to help ICE execute criminal warrants. And there is no restriction on the communication between an officer and ICE in this policy.    Mr. Butterworth. There is no--so the way the policy is laid out, if a person--if an officer interacts with a member of the public, he or she immediately run that person's name against the NCIC database system. If there is a return that there is a criminal warrant on that person, the person is immediately arrested.    Mr. Butterworth. So thank you for allowing me to clarify that. New Orleans has a very unique political structure. The mayor is elected parishwide, our counties, to lead the NOPD. Our sheriff is also elected parishwide, and he leads the sheriff's department. So I don't represent the sheriff's department, and I apologize that I can't speak on behalf of them, but our officers, who arrest someone on a criminal warrant, deliver the suspect----    Mr. Butterworth. So, if a person is convicted of a felony in Louisiana, they are likely sent to Angola, which is a State corrections facility, and I would defer to the attorney general on the operations of the State corrections facility after that.    Mr. Butterworth. Again, the sheriff of New Orleans operates the jail there, and we have no operational control over the sheriff.    Mr. Butterworth. So we began drafting this policy in March of 2015 and we began discussions with ICE in September. So those have continued on both the local and headquarters level, and at no point did anyone at ICE ever say that this policy didn't comply with Federal law.    Mr. Butterworth. That is correct.    Mr. Butterworth. I would defer to the Department of Justice on any Federal----    Mr. Butterworth. Again, it is outside of my lane, but I would say it is CBP or ICE.    Mr. Butterworth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Butterworth. Sir, the Department of Homeland Security has the PEP program, which I am not at liberty to speak on, but I would say if Congress passed a law that commandeered every local police officer and wanted to pay for that, then I think we would welcome it.    Mr. Butterworth. Sir, if there is a criminal in New Orleans and an officer interacts with that person and there is a criminal warrant, that person will be----    Mr. Butterworth. If there is a State, Federal, or local warrant----    Mr. Butterworth . Or probable cause that an officer observed conduct that is criminal, they will arrest the person.    Mr. Butterworth. Our officers under this policy do not inquire about a person's immigration status.    Mr. Butterworth. Under this policy, they do not inquire about a person's immigration status.    Mr. Butterworth. Because we believe that, one, this follows Federal law, and two----    Mr. Butterworth. Sir, I think your concerns are with the broader system and not with this policy. In New Orleans, we arrest every criminal that we interact with. We bring them to the jail.    Mr. Butterworth. Correct.