    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me just build a little bit on some of the remarks that have been made earlier about credentials. Peter Welch and I have had a wonderful working relationship, we both chair the efficiency caucus, we put language into the current energy bill that we are waiting to see what is happen in the Senate. We have been to the White House for the energy efficiency bills. So this is something I think he and I grasp fairly well with this.    Back when I was in private practice in engineering we designed some of the first LEED certified schools and office buildings in West Virginia. I am working with Tonko over in energy efficiency with the turbines to create electricity to make that more efficient. So energy efficiency is one of the prime areas that I like to play with and can get involved in here.    But I get to a point, there are some vast differences and I want to play back on what my colleague and good friend Bobby Rush from Illinois was talking about, was the disparity of income when people were facing this, if you look at this, it poses a challenge for all of us. It really does for it.    If you look at Mississippi my colleague from Harper from Mississippi, their median family income $36,000 a year. In Mississippi. $36,000 a year, but in Maryland, it is over $70,000 per family income. So in those affluent States or neighborhoods, they make choices, they have choices. You will probably if we went through the motor vehicle licensing we would find they probably have more BMWs and Lexus cars there then we have in some other areas of the country or in neighborhoods.    So cars are going to be different because people have choices. We have housing, different pricing for housing because people have choices for that. We have health care. When you go to the exchanges under ObamaCare there are different exchanges so people have choices. But when it comes to their major consumer appliance, they don't.    For your air conditioning, your refrigerator, your range, your dishwasher, your furnace all of these now have been mandated that this is the only one that they have available to them. I am troubled with that, because of the diversity of income, their capability of doing it, and don't tell me it is going to save my $500 a year, because we understand the pay back is so much longer on all of these.    So I am wondering is there a suggestion you all could make that might make it more palatable for people to be able to have a choice so that they are not confronted with this hard decision? I know of families that are trying to fix anything, their equipment--to make it last as long as possible, because they know that they can't afford the cost of the new one. And so they are spending a lot of money in repairs because they don't have a choice. They know what the cost is. That air conditioning costs the same in Connecticut as it does in Mississippi, or that dishwasher.    So what would you suggest that we in Congress could do to maybe ameliorate some of these differences a little bit so that the poorer communities or States that have trouble, how can they afford to have this cost? Can some of you--OK, Mr. Yurek.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. My time expired, but I will ask can each of the six of you mind putting a paper together saying what would you suggest that might be a solution to help out for families in depressed areas?    Thank you very much, I yield back.