    Mr. Conaway. Well, thank you, Chairman. And full and fair disclosure, Austin and I finished up the mark-up--last night, or early this morning--at about 2:45, so I am not necessarily hitting on all four cylinders.    Belt and suspenders is a phrase that CPAs use a lot, and I am a CPA, but as I look at this, net stable funding ratio, supplementary Basel 2.5, Basel III, capital surcharges, at what point does it get to be too much? Are we overlapping these kind of things? And so that is the question, that is more broader to look at and step back and see now that we have all these rules in place for the most part, what is it we have actually done to ourselves, and how has this actually stopped any kind of a meltdown, going forward.    And I would like to get in the weeds a little bit. Scott, in your testimony, you talked about the ability of a bank to use internal models to calculate their capital requirements. If that is eliminated, then it is estimated that they would have to come up with 2.4 times as much capital as their internal modeling would have described. Are internal models that bad? That seems like a pretty dramatic differential between the way the regulators would want and the way the banks have seen, because they are responsible to the shareholders at the end of the day as well. What causes that big difference?    Mr. Conaway. Got you. Mr. Gellasch, you mentioned, and pardon me if I mispronounced your last name, a ham sandwich.    Mr. Conaway. Whose hide did that ham sandwich come out of?    Mr. Conaway. Whose hide did that ham sandwich come out of?    Mr. Conaway. What was their profit margin before the ham sandwich?    Mr. Conaway. I guess there is a profit margin too.    Mr. Conaway. Is it okay for the banks to make money?    Mr. Conaway. Okay.    Mr. Conaway. So that ham sandwich cost didn't get passed on to the end-user?    Mr. Conaway. Is that a number you would multiple by--to get to the $8 trillion? In other words, the ham sandwich is a pretty trivial amount, obviously, but do they do a lot of $100,000 swaps?    Mr. Conaway. Give me a perspective. I know what a ham sandwich is, but what was the profit margin to the bank before the ham sandwich, and is the extra cost of the ham sandwich worth them staying in the business?    Mr. Conaway. Okay. They charged $100 for $1,000----    Mr. Conaway. And you are pretty confident that that charge won't go to $107.50?    Mr. Conaway. To the end-user.    Mr. Conaway. Based on your background, have you ever seen anything that wasn't passed on?    Mr. Conaway. You keep using the word, and I am way over my time, you keep using the word some and I am just trying to get a perspective on that, because you are the only person who has ever come in here, other than a regulator, that is happy with the rules as you seem to be.    And I yield back.