    Mr. Colby. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members of the committee, thank you very much for inviting me to testify on the future of America's nuclear deterrent.    It is an honor to speak to you today on this matter of the greatest importance to our Nation's security.    We are entering a period of significant and possibly dramatic change in both the geopolitical and the military technological spheres. In brief, the United States is likely to confront more significant challenges to its interests from countries like China in Asia and Russia in and around Europe.    At the same time, U.S. conventional military advantages over its plausible opponents will likely narrow. This will have major implications for U.S. defense strategy writ large, but also for our nuclear deterrent. Accordingly, the United States needs to adapt its nuclear policy and posture.    What in particular should change? If the United States continues to want to extend deterrence effectively, as I believe it should, U.S. nuclear weapons need to do more than threaten unhindered devastation. Thus, while the ultimate source of U.S. deterrence should, of course, remain the threat of overwhelming destruction, the United States should also prepare for and make clear that it would, as appropriate, use its nuclear forces in more limited fashion for more focused effect.    In particular, the United States should adapt its nuclear forces to be able to fight a limited nuclear war more effectively than its plausible adversaries. Such superiority would give the United States important and possibly crucial leverage to defend its interests in both peace and war.    The U.S. nuclear force of today is not, however, optimally designed for this demanding set of criteria. To optimize its nuclear force, the United States should do the following.    Invest appropriately in an improved nuclear command and control system such that U.S. nuclear forces can perform their missions reliably under any plausible conditions and do so in sufficiently controlled and deliberate ways.    Maintain the nuclear triad to ensure a resilient, redundant, and highly capable nuclear deterrent.    In addition to fully funding the SSBN replacement and replacing the Minuteman III, the United States should maintain and modernize its fleet of nuclear-armed bombers. This modernization effort is particularly important in light of the unique attack capabilities found in the bomber force, but also in the growing challenges to stealth and its ability to penetrate. This effort should include procuring the LRSB in sufficient numbers, maintaining the B-52H and B-2A, buying sufficient dual-capable F-35s for regional deterrence and assurance and acquiring the Long-Range Standoff option missile.    The United States should also move in the direction of providing most or all of its nuclear forces with variable-yield warheads or weapons that can provide a variety of types of effects, such as electromagnetic pulse, different height of bursts, use at sea and so forth, so that the United States can more effectively tailor strikes from the full range of its available platforms.    The United States should in particular focus on making the ballistic missile force more capable of discriminate strikes. The United States should accordingly render at least some portion of the Trident II D5 SLBM arsenal capable of lower-yield strikes, for instance by using primary-only warheads.    The United States should also ensure that the LRSO is capable of discriminate employment by arming it with a variable-yield warhead.    Given the proliferation of hardened and deeply buried targets, or HDBTs, earth penetration should be a special focus of long-term research and development and ultimately procurement. This is vital, I emphasize, both for deterrence and for stability.    The size and composition of the nuclear force should be determined based on strategic considerations. Arms control should be pursued where and so it contributes to stability, but not for the sake of reductions.    In closing, the world is changing in ways that dictate that U.S. nuclear policy and posture should also change. The United States should grasp the opportunity to make such changes while unfavorable trends are still nascent and susceptible to counteraction. I believe a modernization program along these lines would add to a favorable stability and ultimately to the kind of peace we and our allies justifiably seek.    I look forward to any questions you might have. Thank you very much.    Mr. Colby. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I would like to build on a previous comment which I generally agreed with. I think the basic problem here is that we are extending deterrence far and wide as part of our Nation's grand strategy, and that includes countries like the Baltic States, like the Philippines, to some extent maybe Taiwan, countries very close to our potential adversaries and adversaries that have not only increasingly powerful conventional militaries, but also survivable nuclear forces. So whatever they do to us, to some extent they could hit us back very seriously.    The problem is, as Clark and Keith described, is an adversary may think that he can escalate, especially if he creates favorable conditions on the ground, for instance through the use of little green men in the Baltics, and then use his conventional forces to create a favorable situation, such as a fait accompli, and then threaten to escalate to deescalate of some kind, basically say I dare you to come at me and go big, even just conventionally, but you are going to have to go big in such a way that it is going to look really escalatory and really dangerous.    And if we do that, he may decide, you know, just to take one scenario, he may decide to use nuclear weapons in a very tailored, very limited way, specifically designed not only to hurt us militarily, but also to scare not only us, but all our allies in this endeavor.    And the problem is that if we only have big response, you know, as Clark put it, we are very potentially going to be self-deterred, but also even if we executed it, the Russians, for instance, would have a way of responding in a very dramatic and catastrophic fashion.    So far better for us and far better for deterrence if we have roughly proportionate, same order of magnitude ways of saying don't think it is going to make sense for you to escalate to the nuclear level, even in this sort of clever escalate-to-deescalate way. We have a way of defeating that strategy.    I mean, to put it kind of bluntly, an adversary is less likely to raise on you if he knows you have good cards. And I think that these kinds of capabilities are basically good cards.    Mr. Colby. I would not, sir.    Mr. Colby. I pretty much agree with Dr. Payne, sir. I would say I think Russian violations of INF are extremely serious and require really concerted action. I am actually somewhat mystified why the administration is not more alarmed by this sense.    You know, I see arms control as a strategic tool, as a way that we can or may advance our interests in the world. And so if a country violates that, we can go back to not having it. But if you are committed to a world without nuclear weapons, you need to make sure that the treaties are sacrosanct. And yet, there doesn't seem to be a lot of concern, which mystifies me.    But it is very serious because of the military dimension. And there are, you know, when I spoke about these escalatory options, INF may give them potential there, so we really need to be putting pressure on them. I think at the very least we should be looking at R&D that is legal under the treaty, to see what our options are. Other kind of countervailing options should be looked at and talked about, at least in principle, openly.    And ultimately, we should make sure that the Russians bear the costs and the diplomatic and political costs of their violations and misbehavior.    At this time, I think, you know, we do benefit from New START in terms of predictability and some data exchange, that kind of thing. It is not, you know, it is not any kind of dramatic thing. And also it allows us to do the fundamental things that we need to do in terms of the modernization of our forces.    But if, as Dr. Payne mentions, we do detect Russian noncompliance or circumvention, we should look at that very, very carefully. And the Russians should understand if they violate or circumvent treaties that we will be prepared to call them on that and respond.    Mr. Colby. Sure. Thank you, Congressman, for your question. I think it is an important one. I mean, you know, in my statement I emphasize the need for change, but I also think that it is very important for the United States to appear and to act in a way that is responsible and kind of a good steward of its nuclear weapons.    But I think, Congressman, the main, you know, the main challenge to U.S. interests and to stability really is not so much from a kind of mimicking of what we do, but of a potential opening of vulnerability.    And I think the world is changing, our adversary, our potential adversaries, I should say, have been increasing their military budgets abundantly, both in the conventional and nuclear realm.    And I think if we don't respond, it is actually vulnerability creates an instability of its own. And that is what concerns me.    There are other universes. There is the world of the 1990s in which the problem was different. So I would not always say that this is the right course of action.    Mr. Colby. I do, sir. And thank you for the question. I think at least two major factors. One is that stealth, which is the basis for the B-2 and low observability which will be the basis for the long-range penetrating bomber, are both, you know, it is a critical capability, but we don't know the future of it. We know our adversaries are making a lot of progress in detection and targeting of these weapons.    And even if we can still partially operate, there may be constraints on what we can do. So we want to have a backup option, we want to be able to penetrate, especially given the plenitude, the panoply of targets we may be going after.    The second and related point is a cost-imposition point. We want our adversary to have to prepare for a weapon with a totally different trajectory. And this is as true in the conventional realm as it is in the nuclear realm.    So I think, given the amounts we are talking about with the Long-Range Standoff option, it makes abundant sense.    And I also think, this is more of a rebuttal to some of the arguments that are out there, that this is not a destabilizing weapon. In fact, the United States traditional position was that cruise missiles were generally stabilizing. And we have been using conventional cruise missiles without incident, without somebody thinking it was the prelude to a nuclear attack, for 40 years.    You know, obviously if we use them in certain ways that we would, probably wouldn't do, we would want to be really careful about it. It would raise those kinds of questions. But I think that it is a bit of a canard.    Mr. Colby. Sure. Thanks, sir. Well, I think if we are talking about the adversary, EMP can be used in a very destructive way to basically negate or really undermine the U.S. ability to project power through destruction of electronics, space assets, and et cetera. So an EMP scenario is one that we do need to think very seriously about.    Mr. Colby. Well, sir, I think in this kind of context, you know, proportionality, you know, I don't think we should tie ourselves to being precisely proportionate, but having those kinds of responses to be able to demonstrate to a potential adversary that he can't make a move and leave us in a place where we don't have a sensible way to respond is a recommendation.    Mr. Colby. Well, thank you, Congressman. You know, I think this is actually a really important focus. I think it is one that crosses the aisle because it is vital for the survivability issue and it is also increasingly in jeopardy because of not just intent on the part of our potential adversaries, but the nature of technological change in the space, counter-space, cyber domain, and so forth.    I think disaggregating the architecture is one thing, making our space capabilities more survivable. But also potential things like air-breathing, unmanned aerial systems or airborne platforms that can do relay so that if your space assets are vulnerable, as they may inevitably be to some degree, to some earnest ASAT attack, then we have other options.    Also, you know, we can look at a wide variety of different options. I don't have a particular set of A, B, C, D in terms of recommendations.    But actually, it is funny you mentioned something I am thinking about right now, so it is good to hear because I will redouble in my efforts to think it through.    Mr. Colby. If I----    Mr. Colby. Could I comment, Congressman? Because I think it is a very important question. And honestly, I think it is a--I mean, look, these are horrible weapons that could kill untold numbers of people. I mean, they are the absolute catastrophic weapon and so they need to be treated with the utmost seriousness.    And I certainly don't come here and recommend this lightly. But I think and I particularly say I don't think we should be thinking about escalation control or escalation dominance. We are thinking about an inherently risky and potentially catastrophic endeavor. But as Dr. Payne points out, we don't really have a choice.    At a grand strategic level, we extend deterrence to countries around the world, over 30 countries, including ones where we are conventionally vulnerable to a nuclear-armed adversary with serious conventional forces that he can use very rapidly and who has evinced the willingness to use them.    And so we have to have a way to fight wars and defend these countries in ways that are not suicidal. And with respect, Congressman, I think the problem with that strategy that your declaratory policy is, first of all, it is not credible, the guy is not going to believe it and it may even invite a challenge because he really won't believe that we will follow through on it and it will be a way to puncture our credibility.    And I am struck by a famous example that was in Fred Kempe's book on ``Berlin 1961'' where there is actually a debate in the central committee of the communist party in Moscow about the percentage of probability of whether nuclear war would result if they pushed the ball forward in Berlin.    And Mikoyan, the defense minister, was saying it is 10 percent, we shouldn't do it. And Khrushchev says, no, it is something more like 5 percent so we can do it. So people gamble even under the nuclear shadow.    And I think that if an adversary can say, hey, I can see a way where, yes, I am going to take risk on, but I am going to be willing to do it anyway, the Arabs, the Egyptians and the Syrians invaded Israel in 1973, which they knew was very dangerous potentially, but they did. And so I think what I say to you, Congressman Cooper, is absolutely, we need to be restrained, we need to be serious, we need to be sober about this.    But I think that if, you know, the problem here is not that we are going to invent these and use them. I think the problem here is that we are potentially leaving open gaps that create vulnerabilities that can actually spur the ambition of people like Vladimir Putin.