    Mr. Risenhoover. Good afternoon, Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the subcommittee.    Mr. Risenhoover. My name is Alan Risenhoover, and I am the Director of NOAA Fisheries Office of Sustainable Fisheries.    The Administration does not have an official position on H.R. 3094. I do want to talk about some of the underlying issues, potential solutions, and how NOAA Fisheries and the Gulf Councils are working with the states to improve red snapper management.    The health of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery has been a concern for decades. The first rebuilding plan, established in 1990, set a date of ending overfishing by 2010 and rebuilding the population by 2032. Assessment results in 2009, 2013, and 2015 confirmed that we have ended overfishing, but the stock remains overfished.    Many fishermen echoed the assessment findings, saying they are seeing more and larger red snapper. Data indicates that catches are increasing both closer to shore and along the west coast of Florida, and as far south as the Florida Keys.    As a result of this success, the 2015 quota was set at a historically high level of 14.3 million pounds--over 3 million pounds higher than the 2014 quota. The red snapper biomass is estimated at 60 million metric tons, more than half of the final rebuilding target.    While these are significant improvements, rebuilding is not yet complete. It is critically important that we rebuild the older age classes because they produce more eggs and spawn more frequently than younger fish. Even though fishermen, state and Federal fishery managers, and scientists all agree that the population is making a remarkable recovery, there is also widespread agreement that there are real challenges ensuring that the rebuilding benefits are fairly and equitably distributed among all user groups.    The commercial sector is managed through a successful individual fishing quota program. The average ex-vessel value of those fish are 44 percent higher than when that program began. Red snapper are now harvested year-round in the Gulf.    However, higher catch rates, larger fish, and longer state seasons are causing the recreational sector to reach its catch limits more quickly. As a result, higher quotas have not increased fishing days for both private anglers and the for-hire fleet in Federal water. Because of these short seasons, the Gulf Council is considering options to provide the states and the recreational community greater flexibility, while still meeting Gulf-wide conservation goals.    The Council recently approved an amendment which, if implemented, will also increase the portion of the quota allocated to the recreational sector from 49 percent upwards to 51.5 percent. All Gulf states have expressed support for regional management, but they have had some difficulty coming to an agreement on a fair and equitable methodology for allocating the recreational quota among the states. As a result, the Council has not yet finalized a management strategy.    Recently, though, the Council did identify a state-specific methodology which divides the quota among the states. The Council is currently taking comment on that through a series of nine public hearings throughout the Gulf. While NOAA Fisheries has not taken a final position on the Council's proposal, we support regional management in concept as a way to resolve current challenges. It would stabilize the recreational sector.    We believe the best way to develop an effective regional management strategy that withstands the tests of time and is adaptive is through the Council process. The Magnuson-Stevens Act established a robust process to ensure fishery management decisions are developed from the bottom up, are stakeholder-based, transparent, and consistent with all applicable law.    We must also continue our work with the states to develop data collection methods that we all agree are appropriate and produce reliable data. Pilot studies are ongoing in several states at this time, and our goal remains a standardized approach and one set of future catch estimates.    In conclusion, we have made great progress in rebuilding the Gulf of Mexico red snapper population. We must now work to ensure that all aspects of the fishery are able to meet the needs and demands of both current and future generations.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am available to answer any questions.    Mr. Risenhoover. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. A couple of things, or a couple comments on that.    You are absolutely right. The stock is recovering. Fish are getting larger. The geographic area the fish are caught in is getting larger, as well. As you have heavier, more numerous fish in more areas, the access by fishermen to them is increasing. So again, catching larger fish increases the amount of fish that are counted against the tag.    Additionally, state seasons affect what happens in Federal waters. Since the stock is managed on a Gulf-wide basis----    Mr. Risenhoover. I think there are more people fishing, there are more fish, and the fish are more geographically dispersed.    Mr. Risenhoover. Again, the quotas are set for each of those groups, so they fish toward that quota. The commercial quota is set separately. Through the IFQ Program, as some have mentioned, we have good statistics and good catch data on that.    The charter fishery--chartering for-hire, managed separately, they have a slightly longer season in Federal waters, because there are fewer----    Mr. Risenhoover. It does not indicate that there is a sharp increase, it is just that those larger fish, the same number caught, account for more. And with the state seasons being longer, that reduces the Federal water season, as well.    Mr. Risenhoover. Yes. We have a program called the Marine Recreational Information Program, MRIP--we have all heard of that--that does sample around the Gulf to get an estimate of the number of fish. Obviously, we cannot be at every dock. We are at most public docks at some periods of times, based on some statistical sampling, but not so much at private docks.    Currently, we are trying to work very closely with the states and their programs, the LA Creel survey, the surveys that are conducted in Florida, as well as Alabama and Mississippi, to improve that information.    Mr. Risenhoover. Representative Huffman, I am not a scientist, so I cannot comment specifically on that. I do know that our science center and our scientists currently do manage on a Gulf-wide basis.    Mr. Risenhoover. We consider science from all sectors--states, academia, as well as the industry. And, as I mentioned earlier, we are trying to work very closely with our state partners through MRIP and their individual state programs to calibrate those programs to each other so, as everybody I think agrees, we can get better, more timely, more accurate data.    Mr. Risenhoover. Through the MRIP Program we have begun, and we have several pilot programs going with each of the states to look at their data collection methods and, again, to calibrate those against our MRIP one. We have provided funding to the states to help them develop these pilot programs, as well as we have invested in additional sampling around the Gulf to, again, increase and get better data.    Mr. Risenhoover. I think the answer there is we are always looking for better data.    Mr. Risenhoover. We are working with the states to calibrate their data to our survey, so that we can compare those and make sure that we do have a good estimate of what the catches are in the future.    Mr. Risenhoover. Right. Since we have the same goal in mind of an estimate of the number of fish caught, there is a reason for that 70 percent difference. And, we need to look at both surveys again and find out why there is that difference, and then improve both surveys to get the better number in the end.    Mr. Risenhoover. Right. We have been working for a number of years, based on a National Research Council Report to improve our data and our survey system. We are working to make sure that our survey system is as accurate as possible, and then comparing that and trying to improve our system and the state's system, as well.    Mr. Risenhoover. Correct.    Mr. Risenhoover. Congressman, I do not think it is mistrust. These other programs have been around a long time.    Mr. Risenhoover. They did start at some point.    Mr. Risenhoover. Again, when it comes to regional management, we support it in concept. We believe that giving the states more autonomy to manage their recreational stocks to meet their objectives is a worthy goal. We believe that currently the way to do that is through the Council process that has the large public----    Mr. Risenhoover. It would be a precedent for the red snapper fishery, but----    Mr. Risenhoover. No. As you mentioned----    Mr. Risenhoover . There are other----    Mr. Risenhoover. I do not believe I am disagreeing with Dr. Sullivan.    Mr. Risenhoover. I believe that the states can come together through the Council process as well.    Mr. Risenhoover. Thank you, Congresswoman. I believe the Council's effort to hear directly from the private-boat anglers through this committee is one way to do that. Also, continued involvement in the process. And also, I think regional management, as initially proposed by the Council, holds great promise for that, as well.    Mr. Risenhoover. That is correct, Congresswoman. We have made great progress since the rebuilding plan started in the 1990s. We still have some ways to go.    We have--and it is very notable--ended overfishing on this stock, a condition that existed for a number of years. So, the good news is we have ended overfishing. We have a healthy biomass that continues to grow. We need to continue our conservation measures to make sure it rebuilds fully.    Mr. Risenhoover. It is at about half of its biomass target. So, it still needs to continue to grow.    Mr. Risenhoover. At about half, and we still project by about 2032 it would reach that level, which would provide additional opportunities for fishermen, commercial and recreational.    Mr. Risenhoover. That is our hope.    Mr. Risenhoover. That is correct.    Mr. Risenhoover. Thank you, Congresswoman. I think cooperation is the key with the states. Through our MRIP Program, our survey, we are working directly with those states actively. We have had calls with the states this week about some of the differences we hear in the data, to try and resolve what those issues are, to get the best data in the future.    Again, we are increasingly and continually working with the states on information to include in our stock assessments, as well.    Mr. Risenhoover. Well, I think, if I may answer, Congressman----    Mr. Risenhoover. I do not think that they see what the future would hold, specifically. Under the Gulf Council plan, those details are laid out much more clearly than in the subject legislation.    I think the second panel would be able to help you very much with that question.    Mr. Risenhoover. Congressman, there is a table chart in my presentation that shows that for the entire Gulf. I cannot personally draw that down for you, but I would be more than happy to get that information.    Mr. Risenhoover. It is under NOAA's jurisdiction, yes.    Mr. Risenhoover. I have heard----    Mr. Risenhoover. I do not.    Mr. Risenhoover. I----    Mr. Risenhoover. I believe we can provide that----    Mr. Risenhoover. That is correct. There is a management budget buffer in the recreational fishery that helps us ensure that that recreational fishery does not go over its quota.    Mr. Risenhoover. It has gone over in the past, and a court case----    Mr. Risenhoover. Yes, helped require us to have such a buffer.    Mr. Risenhoover. Yes, sir. Permits or a tag-type system is one way to get this additional detailed information from fishermen. It is a large number of fishermen, and we would need to manage that.    As far as the funding goes, we have some legislative hurdles. For example, we could not collect the money from the tags and use it for that. We would need to look at that very closely.    But yes, again, better data is always better.    Mr. Risenhoover. And that is correct, it is larger.