    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for conducting this timely and bipartisan-spirited hearing. And thank you to our witnesses for taking the time to testify here today.    The agencies that are the subject of this hearing, the Export-Import Bank, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, and the Trade and Development Agency each serve vital U.S. interests. Since its founding over eight decades ago, the EXIM Bank has helped finance U.S. exports of goods and services and contribute to U.S. employment where alternative financing is unavailable or to counter government backed export financing by foreign competitors.    It is estimated that the EXIM Bank helped to finance approximately $27.5 billion worth of American exports and supported more than 164,000 American jobs in Fiscal Year 2014 alone.    Small- and medium-size U.S. business benefit greatly from EXIM Bank's products, particularly its working capital guarantee, which enables small businesses to obtain loans, to purchase raw materials and supplies, and its export credit insurance, which covers the risk of nonpayment by international buyers and extends credit to qualified foreign customers.    The businesses that use these products aren't Fortune 100 companies. They are companies like Decas Cranberry Products, Inc., a family owned, small business in Carver, Massachusetts, in my district, that sells cranberries and cranberry products to Europe, Canada, Mexico, South America, and Asia as a direct result of the support provided by EXIM. Since using EXIM Bank's export credit insurance, Decas cranberry sales have reached $60 million, approximately 15 percent of which is export related.    The companies like Resin Technology of Groton, Mass., whose vice president, Carly Seidewand, is attempting to be here today and to share in how EXIM's working capital guarantee has helped her company, the company founded by her father. It increased sales and it expanded its workforce as a result.    As our economy continues to grow, it is essential that the EXIM Bank continue to provide its valuable services to thousands of American exporters and their families. For this reason, I am the co-sponsor of H.R. 1031, Promoting U.S. Jobs Through Export Act of 2015 which would reauthorize the EXIM Bank charter through 2022.    I am often intrigued by the answers I receive when I ask my peers and colleagues which company they believe is the largest American auto exporter? In today's ever connected global economy the answer should not surprise you. It is BMW Manufacturing Company. In 2014 alone, BMW exported $9.2 billion worth of passenger vehicles through the Port of Charleston, accounting for more than 260,000 vehicles. BMW's facility in Spartanburg, South Carolina remains the largest U.S. automobile exporter another year running. Last year, this facility announced $1 billion investments in production capacity increased to 450,000 vehicles, making it the largest BMW plant in the world.    In this increasingly global economy, it would be irresponsible for this Congress to fail to reauthorize the EXIM Bank which pays for itself and enables U.S. manufacturers to sell more products abroad and create new good jobs here at home.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Unlike California, we are not worried about competition from Texas or any state. In Massachusetts, we are prepared to take on any comers. But I would like to deal with the critics.    Chairman Hochberg, get right to the point. Things that are heard are that EXIM is corporate welfare and it is for big business. I want you to address--I have demonstrated one of my districts. It is not a big business. Demonstrate how it is for medium and small businesses. Number two, do the U.S. taxpayers bear this cost? And number three, how do you address the critics that say well, this can be done in the private sector? They could just step in and provide the same kind of export financing instead of EXIM and take on those three with some information that you would have in detail.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I think you were really concise on those criticisms. I don't think really warrant much material consideration, but it is good we address them because I think too many of us here are--it is not a bad thing, are all on the same page on this issue.    Now a question for Ms. Littlefield, you mentioned about OPIC's work in developing countries and how much that centered on conflict in at-risk areas. You mentioned specifics about Afghanistan and Iraq. Could you give us a few specifics about Pakistan, Jordan, Egypt, or Tunisia as well? Because I think when people hear the details, they will get a sense of how this can ameliorate the different conflicts around the world. Could you touch on some more examples and then how you find it helpful in terms of resolving these conflicts?    Mr. Keating. My time is up. But that is a great detailed explanation of just one country. In just the last several days, I have seen the refugee settlements in Jordan. And I would just like to emphasize our Subcommittee of Terrorism and Trade, how today's hearing shows the connection between those things. With that, I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I want to just to follow a couple of threads one with you, Ms. Seidewand. You mentioned about what other international areas of a company--other countries, actually, are offering in terms of some of the financial terms that you need. So you are competing against them. Can you tell us, you mentioned Asia, generally. Can you tell us what countries and what they are doing that makes it so hard for you to compete?    Mr. Keating. So it just gives you a level playing field?    Mr. Keating. The other thread I wanted to just follow up on and thank you for service, General Jones, and having you here has prompted this question that I wasn't prepared to ask, but your background and I think you are uniquely positioned to answer this. Looking at our trade issues, shared values with Europe and looking at the incidents of what is going on Ukraine and some of the other countries around there, can you draw a parallel to the advantages of our trade particularly with countries who have shared values and our security in this part given your NATO background?    General Jones. Thank you for that question. I think that we are living in a very different century and whereas the 20th century was characterized by a lot of violence, global wars, and who had the strongest and the best armies who wanted to fight, the 21st century to me is much more of an economic competition. And this is the path that the country--this is a national security issue as well. And I believe that if you look at Mr. Putin's aggression in the Crimea and Ukraine and the response to it, it is primarily economic. And there are projects afloat in Europe that the U.S. is also participating in to draw up long-term consequences for Mr. Putin's behavior. We can do something about reducing Europe's dependence on Russian energy, but it is an economic response. We can help Ukraine divest itself of being too dependent on Russian energy.    And so I think the times that we live in, we need to have the tools to do that. The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership is already our largest alliance of over $1 trillion in trade, $4 trillion in investment, and 13 million jobs. And this is a way that we can connect with Europe in the 21st century, much the same way we did in the 20th century, but with a much more balanced approach vis-a-vis military and economic development.    So many of our nation's responses to international threats that are facing us are going to be economic. The day that ISIS is defeated in Iraq is a day that we need to have an international plan, hopefully, with U.S. leadership to have economic recovery for that region because if we don't, as we did in the Iraq invasion, Iraq will just continue to spiral out of control.    In my view, it is a simple formula. Security plus economic development, plus governance and rule of law, are the three components that have to be factored into international engagements in the 21st century.    Mr. Keating. I would mention, too, that some of these countries wouldn't be able to participate in the sanctions.    General Jones. Exactly.    Mr. Keating. If they are not strong and join with us which have really thwarted Putin's aggression more than anything else. And the second thing, even with NATO, part of their 2 percent contribution is limited because of their economic well being.    General Jones. Sure.    Mr. Keating. And that is important, too, because hopefully after Wales and the economy that is advancing although too slowly to be able to meet that challenge. Do you think that is important as well?    General Jones. The only reason Iran is at the table is because of economic sanctions. The only reason Mr. Putin is going to find a way out of his problems in Ukraine is because the economic conditions will ultimately force him to do that. I believe that to be true.    Mr. Keating. Thank you for your comments.    General Jones. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Keating. I yield back.    Mr. Keating. Well, briefly. In response to Mr. Ikenson's concern, I can only ask the two people that are actually in business, Ms. Jaime and Ms. Seidewand. If you are worried about downstream affecting it, well in a void like that that downstream I am afraid is going to be taken by another country, acting in ways that we don't, directly getting involved as a country funding. So in a void in that downstream, it is going to be filled somewhere by someone. We want it filled by the U.S. Could either of you comment on that? Am I right in that thinking?    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back and I thank all of you for taking the time to be part of this hearing.