    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am going to take a slightly different tack but it may look a little bit like my colleague, Mr. Rohrabacher's, for a moment.    Mr. Rademaker, or Secretary, let us expand the question beyond just nuclear for a moment. During your tenure, was Iran a terrorist state?    Mr. Issa. Did--during your tenure did they in fact export destabilizing forces throughout the region, particularly to Arab states that were Sunni-run?    Mr. Issa. But Hezbollah and Hamas--I was going to get to them. So we have got that one checked off. To your knowledge today, are they in fact backing the Houthi in Yemen who are currently trying to overthrow that government and one in which we are part along with the United Nations in saying that that is an unlawful act under the U.N. Charter?    Mr. Issa. Okay. And you probably were not aware--we talked just briefly before this began--it appears as though there is effectively a stand down order coming from this administration to the Saudis and in fact a nuclear aircraft carrier, the Theodore Roosevelt, doing circle 8's with binoculars offshore of Yemen, not stopping that terrorist organization--excuse me, that rebel organization backed by Iran--while in fact Iranian resupplies are going to that organization as we speak? Now, are you even a little bit aware of that current action as of today?    Mr. Issa. So as much as I appreciate the details of a nuclear program that may or may not look good when we see it, we have a terrorist state actively supporting Hezbollah, including backing Bashar Assad, a regime that this President has called for regime change.    We have Hezbollah continuing to be a threat throughout the region. There is a call from Sheik Nasrallah for those Hezbollah to go to Yemen to fight on behalf of their Shi'a brothers.    We have Iran shipping resupplies to ensure that Yemen falls into Iranian control, Shi'a control and in fact becomes yet another threat to Saudi Arabia and other countries in the region, all of this going on while we are negotiating.    Now, I have watched the Cold War since the '60s. I was in the military throughout the entire '70s and the '80s as a Reservist. I saw Reagan negotiating with the Soviets.    What I didn't see is this kind of active combat in which U.S. military personnel are risking and losing their lives in Afghanistan, in Iraq, soon to be in Yemen in all likelihood along with our allies.    This is not a cold war. This is a very hot war in which people are dying in these countries including the 200--whatever the number now is, 300,000 perhaps, in Syria because of Iranian activity.    What part of this deal--to any of the three of you, what part of this deal will in any way reduce the activity of Iran in these and other areas? And I only say one thing to caveat the question.    When we give them access quickly to $100 billion or more of locked up funds what part of this deal is going to reduce any of that activity?    Mr. Issa. But do the American people know the answer, that in fact what we are going to do is take a terrorist state that is destabilizing, causing Americans to die now as they did when they provided advanced IEDs in Iraq where we had soldiers on the ground a decade ago?    What part of this deal is good for America and what part are Americans going to die if part of our Iranian deal is not in fact to stop this activity?    Nuclear or no nuclear, what part of a nuclear deal isn't going to effectively say to them okay, as long as you play nice and abide by this 10-year before you can have a nuke, as long as you do that we are going to let you continue to destabilize Arab nations, to cause Americans to die, to cause our allies to live in fear and to cause our allies to want to beef up their militaries both conventionally and nonconventionally? That is my question for each of you.    Mr. Issa. But your knowledge is a combination of nuclear nonproliferation. But it is also the reality that just not having a nuke it doesn't solve all problems and ultimately a deal to not have a nuke, even if this is a good deal--and I don't think it is--doesn't it effectively imply that we will not go in and bomb them, intercept their military, et cetera, because right now it looks like that is what we are doing.    It looks like President Obama and the Department of Defense is playing careful with Iran while in fact Saudis are dying, Yemenis are dying and America is looking impotent off the coast.    Mr. Issa. I would just like to get our Embassy back in control and not held by them.    Mr. Issa. So it is your position----    Mr. Issa. So it is your position we could intercept and if necessary sink the weapons that are being sent to Yemen--as we speak will continue to negotiate a nuclear disarmament treaty with them, or deterrent?    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, could we briefly have the other members of the panel answer, if they could?    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman, and Mr. Albright, I think you were--you had your finger on the button but I would like to give both of you an opportunity to talk about what $100 billion and essentially an agreement not to take extreme action if Iran continues to do what it is doing in the other areas in which there are some historic sanctions.    Mr. Issa. But the question--the question really was, and I will paraphrase--I will phrase it this way--during the H. W. Bush administration in return for support in the first Gulf War, George H. W. Bush essentially gave Lebanon over to the Syrians and said, we won't interfere and the Syrians moved in and essentially ran that place for years and years until the assassination of the late Rafik Hariri.    But it was Arab on Arab. It was a country and another country that had once been part of the same region. Today, Iran, a Persian-Shi'a regime with a very different view, is in fact dominating Syria, Lebanon, now Yemen--is effectively controlling Iraq.    And I don't want to take any more of Congressman Duncan's time. But this deal--the important thing that I hope that I will get--and I will give one more chance--what is not in the deal is anything that says we are going to aggressively do what we need to do, which includes bombing weapons on the ground in Iran if a plane is about to take off to supply people from Yemen, sinking that ship that is heading in.    Those questions are questions that will need to be resolved if you are certainly going to get the support of most people on this dais. If you have got a comment on it I would appreciate it because I appreciate the nuclear--I know that is what it is about.    But if we give a green light to Iran and $100 billion we know exactly what they will do because for three decades they have been doing it. Please.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, and I thank the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Duncan.