    Mr. Denham. The subcommittee will come to order.    I ask unanimous consent that noncommittee members be permitted to sit with the committee at today's hearing and ask questions.    Without objection, so ordered.    First let me welcome our guests in attendance, as well as our witnesses, and I want to thank Ms. Pelosi. We had a nice conversation. This is a beautiful Federal building, and we enjoy this beautiful space being here in the bay area.    This hearing is about one thing, and that is continued oversight by the Federal Government. There is a huge investment by the Federal taxpayers, as well as by the State taxpayers. So the main focus of this hearing will be on that oversight. This project has been awarded nearly $4 billion in Federal funding, and it represents nearly 40 percent of all high-speed rail funding awarded by the Federal Railroad Administration, the     That is why I focused on this project since I became chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, and unfortunately I have watched as costs have gone up and up, and project plans have continued to change. When the voters of California approved this as Prop. 1A, they approved a $33 billion project that had equal funding from State, Federal, and private investors. Since then, this project has risen to $43 billion, then over $100 billion, and then cut back down to $64 billion by cutting off San Diego and Sacramento.    The 2016 business plan recently approved by the authority also had a new focus, connecting the Central Valley segment with the bay area via an electrified Caltrain corridor, with no near-term progress on closing the existing rail gap across the Tehachapi Mountains in southern California, meaning right now Amtrak has to let their passengers off to get on a bus, take the bus over the Tehachapis, and then get back on a train again. So this is something that we are going to have to address as this project moves forward through phase 1.    Today I want to explore what was originally promised to Californians when they approved Prop. 1A in 2008, where the project stands now, and whether there is a realistic plan to complete the project that was sold to voters. We must also look at the Federal taxpayer and what they are going to be on the hook for in the future. Meeting the project mandate may be more difficult than before if the 25-percent set-aside from the California Cap and Trade Program does not produce the revenues the authority is currently counting on. The early Cap and Trade options have not raised the revenue the State was originally expecting, and I look forward to discussing my concerns on that issue today.    I am also happy FRA Administrator Feinberg could be with us today, as her agency recently amended the grant agreement with the authority for the sixth time. I want to discuss the changes made in that agreement and also talk more broadly about what the ongoing Federal involvement with this project will be.    California voters narrowly passed in 2008 this plan before voters. If the project is going to move forward beyond current activities, we need to know what the State and Federal obligation is. If the authority can't provide specific deliverables and a timeframe, then I believe it would be time for Californians to go back to the polls to vote on whether to continue this project.    We have many problems facing California, most notably one of the worst droughts that we have ever seen. The money allocated to this project was part of the Federal stimulus package, which was done 8 years ago. In a State grappling with the lack of an adequate water infrastructure, we could have built long-term, sustainable water storage for a fraction of the cost. There are many shovel-ready projects that will directly benefit millions of California residents, including a number of rail projects in the bay area, a number of transportation projects across the State, and most critical is water infrastructure that could be built.    I would now like to recognize the ranking member, Mike Capuano from Massachusetts, for 5 minutes for any opening statement he may have.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Capuano.    Let me first welcome our other Members here: three Californians, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Huffman, Mr. LaMalfa; and the vice chair from the great State of Texas, Mr. Farenthold.    Our panel is with the Honorable Sarah Feinberg; Mr. Dan Richard; Mr. Jim Hartnett, Mr. Stuart Flashman; and Mr. Robbie Hunter.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Since your written testimony has been made part of the record, the subcommittee will request that you limit your testimony to 5 minutes.    Ms. Feinberg, you may proceed. Thank you very much.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Ms. Feinberg.    Mr. Richard, the floor is yours.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Richard.    Mr. Hartnett, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Hartnett.    Mr. Flashman, you are recognized.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Flashman.    Mr. Hunter, you may proceed.    Mr. Denham. I'll ask you to wrap up. We are a little over time already.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Hunter.    I would like to thank each of our witnesses for their testimony today.    There are a number of different questions here on the update and progress of this project. Our goal is to get in two rounds of questioning, so I would ask Members to keep their time allotment to 5 minutes, as well as our witnesses to answer any questions as succinctly as possible.    I am going to start off today's round here, mostly focused on the most recent changes.    As you and I had talked, Ms. Feinberg, on the last change, the fifth change to the agreement about the tapered match, I once again talked about my concern about spending all Federal dollars first and then owing the State dollars. My concern with tapered match is it leaves California on the hook, and the only penalty or the only way to extract that money would be to hold up rail dollars, highway dollars, or even education or housing grants. So I still have that big concern about the last change to the grant agreement.    But specifically on this sixth change, when I had sent out my statement earlier in the year about this being a blank check, I know that you had taken some concern with that.    Actually, let me address this to Mr. Richard first. My concern is with this most recent change is that it is a blank check to spend money and get beyond the ARRA funding of 2017. This is being used for working capital. So my concern is that you could make a request at the end of 2017 to get beyond the original congressional mandate to allow you to spend money beyond that.    From the experts that we have talked to in the construction sector, a $2.6 million burn rate is a pretty high burn rate to be able to accomplish spending the $3.5 billion by the end of 2017. So the concern is that you get close to the 2017 deadline, you go back to FRA and you say we are going to need future dollars and we are putting the working capital in ahead of time. Mr. Richard?    Mr. Denham. So you can commit, then, that you will not request an advance payment for the ARRA funds in 2017 to keep you on the congressional deadline?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    And, Ms. Feinberg, you would also commit that if there was such an advance request at the end of the 2017 deadline, that you would not approve such a request?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Hartnett, the initial operating segment has changed. The blended approach is a somewhat new idea. The question that I received is primarily about safety in the community along your line. If the track is now electrified, with pedestrian traffic being the biggest issue of train accidents, do you expect this new electrification to change any safety concerns?    Mr. Denham. And I am not questioning your safety record. You guys have a good record. My concern is that these are now going to be hot tracks, and recognizing that we have pedestrians and trespassers in those areas, does that create a new challenge?    Mr. Denham. So the speed of the train, if the train can actually get to 200, 220 miles an hour, does that create any safety concerns to the communities?    Mr. Denham. So if the train is not going to hit those high speeds in San Jose to San Francisco, how do we expect to hit 2 hours and 40 minutes or 2 hours and 30 minutes?    Mr. Denham. Mr. Richard?    Mr. Denham. And what does that mean?    Mr. Denham. So like some type of sensor that would allow you to know whether or not trespassers went on there, on the walls of the sides of the----    Mr. Denham. Certainly. It is more out of curiosity for the future of what those residents are going to be looking at, if you could provide that to the committee.    Mr. Denham. We would appreciate it.    Mr. Hartnett, does the Caltrain go 120 miles an hour today?    Mr. Denham. What is the current speed?    Mr. Denham. And on a blended track, you have an opportunity to have Caltrain on the same tracks as California high-speed rail would. Do you anticipate an increase in speed for Caltrain? What would it be?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    And finally, the last question, Mr. Richard. We talked about the initial operating segment, the initial construction segment. Mr. Flashman had said Wasco. Is it Wasco, Shafter, somewhere in-between? And where is the initial construction segment? Can you define both ends of the initial construction segment?    Mr. Denham. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Denham. I did not mean to cut you off. I want to hear much more about this, but I have gone over my time.    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Capuano?    Mr. Denham. Mr. Huffman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Denham. Mr. Farenthold, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Denham. Ms. Lofgren?    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. LaMalfa?    Mr. Denham. And we would ask you to submit any plans or drawings you might have to the committee.    Mr. Capuano, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Denham. Without objection.    Mr. Denham. You don't usually pay attention, but I have to say that normally you are way under the guidelines, so a lot of discretion here. You are always way too kind with giving your time to other Members.    That concludes our first round, and we do have time for a second round. I would like to start off the same way that I said in many of my conversations with Mr. Capuano as we have looked at projects around the country, as well as I have stated in every hearing that we have had now: I support high-speed rail. We are going to have high-speed rail in this country. We have a higher speed rail in Florida. I have a great promise on the Texas private effort. I think at some point we have to get high-speed rail in the Northeast Corridor with the huge ridership that we have there.    My concern here is that there is a commitment that has been made to the voters. It was a $33 billion project. And at some point we have to bring some trust back into Government. We have an obligation for Government to do what it said it was going to do. And I get it, there were cost overruns in the Bay Bridge, there were cost overruns in Golden Gate Bridge. This was an issue passed by voters, and I think we have to have priorities in this State, and we have to have some trust in Government. We need to do what we say we are going to do or it should go back before the voters.    This was started in the Central Valley. It was written into Prop. 1A. Far too often, initiatives are passed and the investment gets done in the bay area, the investment gets done in L.A., and yes, the high unemployment continues to go on in the Central Valley because we don't put the money into infrastructure in the Central Valley.    So this was done there, putting the Central Valley in this first, but the concern is that all of the money is going to be spent and you could be stuck in a field with somewhere between Shafter and Wasco and somewhere further down the road in Madera, and we are out of money. That is the last thing we want in the Central Valley. We don't want to have something that has no riders, that has no train, that has no future investment, only to wait for decades hoping that maybe we can take some money from the Northeast Corridor and hold you guys up, or we can take money somewhere else, from another State, to get this project moving along.    So this has more to do with transparency and accountability than I think any of us, Republican or Democrat, on whether we want more transportation in this State or in this country.    Let me now jump to the issue of jobs. Labor in my district has continuously asked me, on a variety of different projects, where are the local jobs? So, Mr. Richard, before this hearing started we had talked about some of the jobs that have started in 2015 and now this year. I would like for you to provide for this committee, and I will follow up with a written request, but specifically where those jobs are.    And to Mr. Hunter, the question has been with PLAs on a number of different projects in our area, labor in our area has questioned whether or not it has been a local job. So a PLA will be put in place by the letter of the law. The contract is granted, only to find out that all of the labor has been brought in from out of State or out of the area and living in a hotel room under an address in the Central Valley, showing Central Valley jobs. The people in my district still don't get those jobs.    So first if you could comment on that, and Mr. Richard, you don't need to comment. I would just like a followup just to let us know where those jobs are and who is taking them.    Mr. Hunter, you mentioned Billy Powell. The IBEW was the very union that asked me specifically about French camp and the PLAs, the future PLAs there and whether or not those would be local jobs or whether or not, like high-speed rail, was their response, would we have out-of-the-area jobs.    Mr. Denham. But specifically your members had expressed concern that while you enter a zip code, you could be living in a hotel room or be a new resident to the area using a local zip code. I am almost out of time.    Mr. Denham. Thank you. I look forward to a followup. I would just like to point out for the record that a big part of our, in the Central Valley, our high unemployment is due to the shortage of water. Temperance Flat, a $2.5 billion project to provide over 3,000 jobs for members of yours. Shasta Dam, $1.3 billion, our biggest bang for the buck in California, 1,400 jobs. Over 4,000 jobs could have been done if we had waited for 7 years on this project. As well, BART expansion, 1,400 jobs; ACE expansion in my area, 1,000 jobs; less than $2 billion for those two projects. Caltrain's Alameda County, 235 jobs. We are talking over 4,000 jobs just in rail projects that are on the books right now that could have all been done during this same time period. Those could be jobs that--again, this is not an issue of labor. It is an issue of jobs today.    Mr. Capuano?    Mr. Denham. Mr. Huffman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Huffman.    Mr. Farenthold?    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Farenthold.    Ms. Lofgren?    Mr. Denham. Nor do I, for the record.    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. LaMalfa?    Mr. Denham. I think this will require a longer debate.    Mr. Denham. Mr. Capuano?    Mr. Denham. And the initial operating segment you are defining as----    Mr. Denham. And the phase 1 of this project, do you anticipate Federal tax dollars, and do you have an idea of what that Federal request would be as well?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Thank you. Again, I want to thank all of our Members here today, as well as our witnesses.    I am going to ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have supplied answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing; and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    I would also like to thank again Ms. Pelosi for inviting us or having us in her beautiful city and her great district and allowing us to have this hearing here today.    If no other Members have anything to add, the subcommittee stands adjourned.