    Mr. Ellison. I would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member.    Mr. Hernandez, I am concerned about the lack of affordable rental housing for extremely low-income families. The experts say that 80 percent of the families earning below about $30,000 a year pay more than half of their income on housing and utilities. And as you pointed out, housing is a platform from which family success can take off. And I agree with that.    And yet, our Congress has been moving backwards. There is a shortage of about 7 million affordable rental homes for low-income families. And the House HUD budget bill wouldn't even renew all the vouchers that families are using this year, let alone restore any of the 85,000 vouchers lost to sequestration.    So I have a bill out there. And I would like to talk to you a little bit about it. It is called the Common Sense Housing Investment Act, H.R. 1662, that would provide an additional $20 billion a year for affordable rental housing. If my bill were to pass, what additional funds for Section 8 housing trust fund low-income housing tax credit and public housing, what would that mean for rural America? Are you familiar with my bill, by the way?    Mr. Ellison. Let me just tell you what we would do. We would convert the mortgage interest deduction into a mortgage interest credit, a 15 percent mortgage interest credit. There would be a cap of $500,000 of deductible mortgage interest. That is essentially how the bill would work.    Mr. Ellison. And it would--we would provide about $20 billion a year for affordable rental housing.    Let me just make this observation. The United States of America spends a whole lot of money on housing. Mostly it is for the well-to-do in the mortgage interest and homeownership area. We literally subsidize people who don't need it and we talk about consolidation for people who do.    And so I guess if we were to convert mortgage interest deduction to a mortgage interest credit, cap it at interest on mortgages of $500,000, 15 percent mortgage interest credit, we would have extra money to put into housing. We wouldn't be subsidizing the incredibly well-to-do anymore. But they still would get something out of it because it would be a mortgage interest credit.    How would it help rural housing if we had $20 billion more for affordable rental housing?    Mr. Ellison. Yes.    Mr. Ellison. Right.    Mr. Ellison. Right.    Mr. Ellison. Yes. Let me tell you, there are more than, I guess--I think you might have pointed out already that loans--you have loans on more than 11,500 properties representing nearly 333,000 units that will mature by the year 2024 that--and many may be lost and you provide housing to families on wait list, assist with the oversubscribed 515 program.    Mr. Ellison. Yes.    Mr. Ellison. One thing about it, I am a rural legislator. My family is rural in background. My grandfather comes from a farm in Georgia, my mother comes from a farm in Louisiana, and I am from Minnesota.    And I can tell you that if you don't provide some sort of a good, solid program in rural America, folks will move to the urban area. They leave the housing choice they may want, and it just leads to overcrowding in the urban areas. So everyone needs to be about health and rural housing so people can be supportive.    So that is one reason why, in keeping with what Ranking Member Waters said, we urban Members are--first of all, a lot of us are directly connected to rural America. But more than that, we want people to be able to live where they want to live. You know, some people like hearing the birds sing out there in rural America. And that is where their livelihood is. So thank you very much, Mr. Hernandez.