    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    This morning, we had been conducting a joint hearing with the Natural Resources Committee, but, in consultation with the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, and working with the Democrats, we are going to go ahead and start this hearing at this time.    Today, we are here to talk about the Federal Air Marshals--a very difficult job, very needed in this country, unfortunately.    The Federal Air Marshal Service, often referred to as FAMS, is comprised of thousands of men and women who have taken an oath to prevent and disrupt acts of terrorism on our Nation's airplanes. Many of these men and women operate at 30,000 feet in the air and act as the last line of defense against potential terror attacks.    These air marshals operate in anonymity and mostly under their own supervision, and most of them do a good and decent job, serving a patriotic service and doing so with great integrity. But when any member of this highly trained workforce veers away from the core mission, they put the Nation's air security at risk.    So why are we here today? Unfortunately, there have been some very high-profile scandals. Former FAMS Director, Federal Air Marshal Service Director Robert Bray retired in 2014 after being investigated for his entanglement in an alleged operation to acquire guns for officials' personal use. In 2012, Federal Air Marshals assigned to protect commercial flights across the United States were pulled from their assigned flights so they could meet on sexual rendezvous.    Most recently, there is an allegation of air marshals disguising themselves as pornography producers, hiring prostitutes and using their government-issued phones and other assets to film sexual encounters. Unfortunately, these people, based in Chicago, have been evidently engaged in these activities.    These are all ongoing investigations. There is also reportedly major alcohol abuse within the Federal Air Marshal Service.    But this story, this hearing is really not only intended to address those problems, but it has at least been our purview in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, at least on our side of the aisle, that Director Allison, who is here today, and Ms. Book have taken some pretty strong and decisive action.    Now, through the course of the first 8 months that I have been chairman of this committee, we have heard a series of different agencies that have come before us and complained that they couldn't take decisive action. Think of the DEA, the Secret Service, the EPA. We have had some very, very salacious misconduct from some of their employees, and yet they weren't fired, they weren't put on administrative leave, they didn't get their security clearances revoked. We had a situation, like I said, with the Secret Service, within the same department and agency, Homeland Security. Why weren't those people's security clearances revoked?    But what I have found in the interactions, with great concern, hearing about how maybe flight schedules had been manipulated and sexual misconduct going on and inappropriate behavior--really thought that what we were going to find is yet another agency that wasn't dealing with that in an appropriate way.    Now, there is more to learn; we are not giving them a free pass. I am not saying it is the absolute model for where we should be going, but I have been very impressed in the openness and transparency within the Federal Air Marshal system, their interaction with our committee, and what they did in a very decisive and swift manner.    So, every hearing we do, we are not calling for the resignation of everybody--a lot of them, but, in some cases, we find something that is actually working well. Because there are misdeeds going on, there are things that are going awry, and we want to learn what they are doing in order to rectify that.    So I have the deepest respect for the loyal men and women who work under Director Allison's leadership. They bear a tremendous responsibility.    There are some things in this hearing that I am sure members of the public and members of this committee would be interested in hearing. Some of that is classified. I will interrupt and I will not tolerate anybody who is trying to get specific details about the number of air marshals, which flights are they on, which flights are they not on, and how they make such selections. That would be reserved for a classified setting, not appropriate in an open hearing. We do not need to tell the terrorists who they are, what they are doing, how they do it.    Suffice it to say, I have reviewed some materials that would lead me to believe, A, this service is needed. There is a threat, and it gives me comfort to know that they are on top of it.    Now, I worry about they don't know and who might be on an airplane or getting through security, and there are a host of other things that we should--and Mr. Mica has done great work on this, the security badges and getting through and what the whole TSA is doing and not doing. A totally different subject.    But let's talk about the good, the bad, and the ugly of what is happening here with the Federal Air Marshals. And let's also give some credit where credit is due when we do rout out something that is wrong and deal with that in a swift manner.    So, with that, I will yield my time and now recognize the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize the first and only panel today.    We are pleased to welcome Mr. Roderick Allison. He is the Director of Law Enforcement for the Federal Air Marshal Service at the Transportation Security Administration at the Department of Homeland Security.    We also want to thank Mr. Allison for his 13 years of service in the United States Army, his work in the Seventh Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, among one of the highlights.    We thank you, sir, for your service to our country and appreciate you being here with us today.    We also have Ms. Heather Book, Assistant Administrator of the Office of Professional Responsibility at the Transportation Security Administration at the Department of Homeland Security.    We welcome you both.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify, so if you will please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    And let the record reflect that the witnesses both answered in the affirmative.    We will give you great latitude on the time of your opening statement. And it would be remiss if your opening statement did not include, although maybe impromptu, some details of the two incidents, in particular, the individuals out of Chicago as well as the other incident where evidently schedules were manipulated and whatnot. We are inevitably going to ask about those, but we would appreciate it if you would proactively take some additional time and address those as well.    With that, Director Allison, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Book, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, the subcommittee chairman for transportation but also the former chairman of the full Transportation Committee in the House of Representatives, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Members are advised that we have three votes on the floor. The voting has started. It is my intention to recognize Ms. Watson Coleman of New Jersey for her 5 minutes. We will then go into recess. After the votes, we will reconvene. That will be no sooner than 3 p.m. And likely a little bit after that. So, if members need to depart to get to the floor, I would advise that they do so.    We will now recognize Ms. Watson Coleman of New Jersey for 5 minutes and then recess from there.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are on your own. Good luck with that one.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    As I said previously, we are going to go into recess. We appreciate your patience and understanding. The committee will reconvene at the conclusion of those votes, but we will say no sooner than 10 minutes after the top of the hour. We stand in recess until then.    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will come to order. Appreciate your patience as we took a recess for the votes that were on the floor, the swearing in of a new Member, the gentleman from Illinois.    We now are pleased to recognize, as we continue with the hearing, Mr. Duncan from Tennessee.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Duckworth, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I want to talk specifically about those that were based in Chicago. This all started because what happened?    Chairman Chaffetz. So there was a suggestion that there was some fraud involved in a disability claim, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Go ahead and leave your mic on, because I am going to keep asking here.    Chairman Chaffetz. And----    Chairman Chaffetz. What leads you to believe it is ongoing? There was a disability fraud allegation. Is that going to be prosecuted?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what did they tell you?    Chairman Chaffetz. And did they tell you they are going to prosecute it?    Chairman Chaffetz. This is the concern, is that they are actually not going to prosecute it.    What is the disposition of the other people?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people?    Chairman Chaffetz. The other two people, what has happened to the other two?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you put them on indefinite suspension without pay, which I think is probably due course to doing that, what was the time from when you heard about it to when you actually were able to do that, put them on suspension?    Chairman Chaffetz. What was the highest rank of the person implicated?    Chairman Chaffetz. They were not supervisors.    Did any of these three individuals have misconduct in their past record, or disciplinary action?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you think these individuals believe their behavior is condoned? I am not asking if it was condoned by you. I am asking if these individuals believed their supervisors would look the other way. Did they believe their supervisors engaged in similar type of behavior or that the media wasn't involved and so, therefore, it wouldn't be an issue?    Chairman Chaffetz. Were any of these--these were three men, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Were they involved and engaged in sexual misconduct with anybody that was underage?    Chairman Chaffetz. Were any of these women these men engaged with in sexual misconduct, were any of them foreign nationals?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has there been any contact made with the intelligence community to determine if any of these contacts resulted in a breach of security?    Chairman Chaffetz. And this was not an isolated incident, was it?    Chairman Chaffetz. That it didn't just happen once.    Chairman Chaffetz. But it was more than once.    Chairman Chaffetz. We have talked about prevalence of potential alcohol abuse in FAMS. How would you assess the situation, and what specifically are you doing about it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And as I yield back my time, I guess this is one of the things that impresses me about you specifically, about this organization, the management you provided, is taking a proactive stance and taking proactive measures to deal with something that was obviously an issue. It is not simply unique to FAMS; it is an issue that a lot of law enforcement deal with. And I think it was very appropriate that you did that, and I appreciate you doing that.    My time has exceeded. I will yield back and now recognize Mrs. Lawrence for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize Ms. Kelly for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. We now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll recognize myself for the second round here. We do have a vote on the floor, and we will wrap up this hearing rather soon, but I do have a few more questions.    Director, the three individuals from Chicago, what would you like to see have happen to them?    Chairman Chaffetz. Should they be prosecuted?    Chairman Chaffetz. And this is one of the challenges. We have an organization, you have a director here who's trying to do the right thing, weed out the bad apples, but if the Department of Justice doesn't get up off their seat and actually prosecute some of these cases, there won't be the full extent of the consequences that I think is important for all the Federal employees to see, not only to the people who are doing misdeeds, to get the sense of justice here that, you know, you better get your act in order or it may happen to you, but also all the good apples, to know that there are consequences, that we are looking out for the 90-plus percent of the people who do do the job right, they do work hard and show up on time, and they don't drink and they don't do all those things. But they all know what's happening, they know when somebody else is messing up. And when nobody's held accountable and there's no accountability and no justice, there's no justice. And it frustrates those employees.    What is the disposition of--Ms. Book, what's the disposition of Robert Bray? What's going on with him? He's the former Director.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did he get prosecuted?    Chairman Chaffetz. There's a case that's going on that involves somebody who was reassigning flights so they could meet up with other people for some sexual type of rendezvous. What's the disposition of that case?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we have several people involved in that investigation. Have there been any charges levied so far?    Chairman Chaffetz. Still under investigation, still no charges.    And here we have the case of three people in Chicago. The person who retired or resigned, however you want to term it, what's going to happen to that person? Any prosecutions?    Director Allison?    Chairman Chaffetz. My concern is that he's going to be simply allowed to retire. He'll get his full benefits, all the other benefits, yet he--he was entrusted with a gun on an airplane to protect 100-plus people on any given flight, and for him to just simply walk away is just not right. And you know what? Losing a security clearance, eh, I don't know that that cuts it.    Director?    Chairman Chaffetz. I hope so. I hope they do the calling.    The second person or the other person who was not involved and engaged in the potential disability fraud, what's the disposition of that person? They're still employed by the Federal Air Marshals?    Chairman Chaffetz. With or without pay?    Chairman Chaffetz. And do you have discretion to make that decision?    Chairman Chaffetz. Now, this is the disconnect. And I was mentioning this to Ranking Member Cummings. We have had similar situations in other departments and agencies and some within Homeland Security. We've had the Administrator of the EPA--obviously not part of Homeland Security--but we did have the Director of the Secret Service here, and we've had the former Director--she's now resigned--of--Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency, all three of which led us to believe that their hands were essentially tied on revoking of security clearances.    I like the fact that you have discretion and you can make this decision and that you can move forward. Can you help me? Can you provide any insight? Why is it that you have that ability and you're exercising it, as opposed to these others, who say, ah, there's nothing I can do?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I think one of the major differences here is leadership. And I'm not saying you got it perfect, and I think it's important we continue to engage with you in oversight. But your openness and willingness to engage in that oversight, your proactive communication with the committee speaks volumes about you and your organization.    It is imperative that we figure this out for other departments and agencies, because I do think there's a lack of leadership. It leads to a negative culture, and I think it leads to inaction. And that inaction festers. If you don't dig out the root of the problem, it becomes a bigger infection. And I like the fact that you're addressing this head-on. I encourage you to please, please continue to do that.    And to the rest of the Federal Government, let's learn from these lessons. Rout out the waste, fraud, and abuse. Applaud and support the good men and women, the overwhelming majority who do it and do it the right way.    And, with that, I will yield back.    We will recognize the ranking member as we go.    Chairman Chaffetz. That's a long flight he's on, I tell you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well said. Thank you.    The committee stands adjourned.