    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber, for holding this hearing, and thank you to our witnesses for joining us today.    I am pleased to see that we have the Director of each Energy Innovation Hub here this morning. These Hubs seek to accelerate scientific discoveries that address critical energy issues, particularly barriers to advancing new energy technology.    Today's hearing is well-timed. Two of the four existing Innovation Hubs are up for renewal this year, while the others are just beginning. The Energy Innovation Hub Program was established only five years ago and this hearing will provide Members an important opportunity to understand further what must be done to ensure the successes of existing, and future, Hubs.    Unfortunately, Congress has yet to provide any authorizing legislation for the important work being performed at each of the Hubs. I hope that today's hearing will provide the insights needed to accomplish that goal. Toward that end, I have already introduced H.R. 1870, a bill that would establish merit-based rules governing the selection, scope, and composition of future Hubs. Further, the Committee hasaccepted the legislative language from that bill as an amendment to the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which was considered on the House Floor less than a month ago. I appreciate the Chairman and his staff's efforts to work together to ensure that this important provision was included in the final bill. I also want to thank Ranking Member Johnson for including it in the alternative COMPETES legislation, produced by the Minority, that was offered as a substitute amendment both in Committee and on the Floor.    I am very excited about the possibility of our Committee finally producing authorizing legislation for Energy Innovation Hubs. There are some issues I look forward to learning about this morning, particularly issues regarding Hub management and length of operation. We need develop a plan for Hubs that reach the end of their second five-year contract. Presently, the Department is indicating that Hubs will conclude work after a maximum of ten years only. I support this guidance in principle because it fosters a sense of urgency within Hubs to define and achieve goals as expeditiously as possible.    But what happens when a Hub has been extraordinarily successful? Maybe there should be some process through which, according to merit-based review, that Hub is permitted to continue pursuing promising research and maybe even profound new discoveries.    The answers to these questions, and others, are what I'm looking forward to hearing from you all today. I also look forward to hearing each of your views as to how your own Hub works in the context of Department of Energy research activities and goals across the board. How, specifically, is the research you are performing contributing to the larger effort to solve our nation's pressing energy challenges and needs?    Each of you is involved in exciting and innovative work. I look forward to hearing from you, and watching each of your Hubs as they progress. It's my hope that Congress can provide to you the resources that you need to accomplish your goals, and I look forward to working with you, Chairman Weber, toward that end.    Thank you. I yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. I have some questions for Dr. Atwater. I'm going to try to understand better how the research that you're doing fits into the bigger picture of energy production and storage.    What you described as an effort to create solar fuels as opposed to the more typical effort to create electricity from solar power. Is that correct?    Mr. Grayson. All right. So is that similar, would you agree, to something like ethanol production, or is that different?    Mr. Grayson. So are you trying to basically do what biology does through only chemical and physical means or are you trying to take biological processes and tweak them and improve them?    Mr. Grayson. So the fuel that you've created so far is hydrogen, not a traditional transportation fuel?    Mr. Grayson. Now you're going to try to branch out into something that you could actually put into a car----    Mr. Grayson. --these days like octane or ethanol or methanol or something.    Mr. Grayson. One of the more interesting things about solar power production is that there are arguments in favor of large-scale production, arguments in favor of small-scale production. Are you finding any sort of economies of scale that would tilt you toward large-scale production for this purpose, or not?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Last question. Do you have any judgment yourself about the possibility or the prospect of actually taking biological processes that exist and tweaking them, improving them to the point where they can become commercially viable?    Mr. Grayson. Thanks. I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Gehin, we have something like 300-plus light water reactors in the world. They're very expensive, something like half a trillion dollars in replacement value for those reactors. In the United States at least, energy production facilities are privately owned. I have to wonder, as much as I'd like to see the advancement of human knowledge in general, why is the industry not trying to add 20 years of life to a half-a-trillion-dollar asset? Why does this fall upon the taxpayers to do this?    Mr. Grayson. Are they doing it? Are there private research facilities that actually are trying to do what you're trying to do and making any progress?    Mr. Grayson. Is the industry willing to come together and try to fund those facilities since it's for their benefit?    Mr. Grayson. I yield back. Thank you.