    Mr. Martin. Oh, boy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon.    Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires, it is a delight and pleasure to be here. Flew in on a red-eye so I may be over-caffeinated, so bear with me if I blow through this too quickly.    Mr. Martin. Thank you so much, Ranking Member.    Thank you all to the subcommittee. This hearing, obviously, all my colleagues here at the table have underscored how much the topic of energy is of relevance to the United States, but to our hemisphere.    And yes, my name is Jeremy Martin. I am the director of the energy program at the Institute of the Americas. We are based at the University of California San Diego out in La Jolla.    So second time I have been before this subcommittee, so it is a pleasure. I am going to summarize my written testimony and in doing so I would like to offer some insights on several of the most important energy-producing nations in the region, their production outlook, geopolitics and challenges and opportunities for the United States.    And in order to do so, I would like to discuss three main points. First, not all countries are the same, and it is important to distinguish between above ground and below ground issues.    Secondly, the lessons learned from the energy boom in the United States, particularly in terms of unconventionals, provide a major opportunity to export knowledge, technology goods, and services as well as energy to the region, as several of my colleagues have underscored.    Thirdly, Latin America offers important investment and energy diplomacy opportunities for the United States. So not all countries are the same.    In discussing major energy-producing nations in Latin America, a country's oil and gas potential, its resources in the ground, as Dr. Knapp put up on the screen, may be actually less important than what is occurring in Congress, the halls of government and in the geopolitics of the day, or, as I like to say, not all countries are the same.    From Canada to Argentina, as the chairman and ranking member underscored, our region has a formidable natural resource endowment.    But beyond the resource potential below ground, the above ground, or nontechnical risks such as political, financial, social, and environmental issues, are often just as critical to a project's success.    So how government, industry, NGOs, and communities engage and interact warrants increased attention by companies and policy makers alike. And, of course, as we have talked a little bit about already, volatility in international oil markets that we have seen since last June and today's lower price environment demands even closer attention to these above ground ramifications.    So in a way of trying to talk about some of the above grounds, I wanted to talk about three countries in the region. I would like to start with Argentina.    And after a rocky decade for the Argentine economy and energy industry, the nation is now faced with the onerous task of restoring investor confidence damaged by years of political and institutional instability.    Many are hopeful, as the chairman mentioned, that the October Presidential elections will usher in a more business-friendly administration. The potential reversal of the nation's fortunes is rooted in its vast unconventional oil and gas potential.    Argentina holds the world's second largest shale gas resources and fourth largest shale oil. And Argentina, it should be noted, is one of just four nations to produce commercial quantities of shale oil or gas, along with U.S., Canada, and Mexico--excuse me, China.    I want to move on to Mexico. We have talked about Mexico. Mexico has entered a new energy era. In the years since the nation passed a constitutional amendment and major energy reform legislation, progress has been remarkable.    Round One, launched last December, is considered the first real opportunity in Mexico's new energy landscape. This year, the government will auction 169 blocks for exploration and production across a range of oil and gas prospects from mature fields to shale to deepwater.    The outcome of the Round One oil and gas auction as well as the creation of a wholesale electric market in Mexico by the end of this year will have a significant impact on determining the reform's durability and eventual success.    Venezuela, for my last country to talk about--Venezuela's woes are very, very well documented. We all have read the headlines and the stories. But, unfortunately, these woes have occurred during the largest oil-derived windfall in the history of the country.    Oil production has declined by more than 350,000 barrels a day since 2008 and more than 800,000 barrels a day since its peak level in 1998. At the same time, oil exports from Venezuela declined approximately 28 percent between 1999 and 2013.    But, again, talking about the below ground potential, despite this grim news, Venezuela has unbelievable energy potential. It has the hemisphere's second largest gas and natural gas resources, after the United States, and in terms of oil, holds 298 billion barrels of proven reserves, and Venezuela's famous Orinoco Belt contains one of the world's largest oil accumulations.    The next main point I want to talk about is exporting the lessons learned from the U.S. energy boom. Latin America has much to learn from the shale revolution in the United States but policy makers in the region must also understand the critical factors that drove this success and I want to highlight four of them--natural resource ownership, finance, technology, and infrastructure.    That is to say, who owns the right to the subsoil, the hydrocarbons in the ground, the ease in access to finance and risk capital and cutting-edge technology and the ability to use infrastructure to move the product to market.    A key hurdle for the region is to adapt innovative techniques developed in the United States to local conditions both above ground and below. Argentina is doing so to a certain degree.    For example, it is using technology to almost have unconventional well costs in the last 5 years. Firms, hopefully, will also have a similar opportunity in Mexico when they tender unconventional blocks as part of the Round Process perhaps later this year.    My third--my third and final main point--Latin America's investment in energy diplomacy opportunities, and let us start with U.S. energy exports.    The U.S. energy revolution in the United States has created an unprecedented opportunity for natural gas and crude exports to the region. Natural gas exports by pipeline to Mexico have more than doubled in the last 5 years.    At the same time, several liquefied natural gas projects along the coastal United States are nearing completion and will firmly plug the U.S. into the global gas market.    Countries from Central America and the Caribbean to Chile stand to benefit from greater access to the cleaner-burning fuel.    In the debate over exporting crude oil, it is important to appreciate how the boom in U.S. production has affected oil trade flows.    Oil that once flowed east to west is now flowing from west to east, and the shift in oil trade flows underscore how important it is to address this topic of the U.S. export ban, and I would suggest starting with Mexico and Pemex's request for an exemption.    However, the proposed oil swap is not just about the relationship between the U.S. and Mexico. It is also about North American energy integration. And another point I would make is that joint development of unconventional resources in North America and greater electric integration bring economic, environmental and political benefits to all three countries of North America.    Briefly, Central America and the Caribbean--for nations of Central America and the Caribbean, the possible arrival of an era of abundant and cheap natural gas propelled by the shale boom in the United States has greatly advanced the case for a natural gas market in those regions.    U.S. leadership and commitment to energy security in the Caribbean, as the ranking member talked about, has been extremely encouraging. The summit by the White House in January--the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative--are extremely important initiatives, trade finance initiatives.    But I would suggest they are only the beginning of what must be a continued, consistent and concentrated effort to provide an alternative to Venezuela's Petrocaribe.    Finally, very briefly, the role of China--the world's largest energy consumer, China has devised a strategy to deal with spiking energy demand and insufficient domestic production, and some have called that checkbook diplomacy.    And the point is that Chinese, state-owned enterprises have fanned out across the hemisphere with the support of Beijing to secure access to resources, to secure access to Latin America's oil patch.    Venezuela has been the largest beneficiary, but they have also made loans and invested in Argentina, Ecuador, Brazil, and the Caribbean.    So in conclusion, Latin America's importance to the United States makes it critical that we continue to engage, particularly with the largest oil- and gas-producing nations.    Without question, Latin America's outlook and opportunities are complex and at times challenging. But given the region's potential, the energy glass is at least half full over the long term.    Thanks so much for allowing me to testify. I look forward to the conversation.    Mr. Martin. Mr. Chairman, if you don't mind, just a--there was an important deal about a month ago that I think also offers an alternative that Pemex, now more than ever, needs to partner with outside foreign private capital and there was a deal that First Reserve and Black Rock did about $900 million on the natural gas pipeline that some people considered the tip of the iceberg in potential partnerships. So I think that is one thing to talk about the block, talk about the government auctions.    But I think under the new restructure of Pemex, their ability to partner in that First Reserve/Black Rock deal could be important to watch.    Mr. Martin. The good news is Venezuela paid off their debt to--excuse me, the Dominican Republic paid off their debt to Venezuela and Petrocaribe early part of this year.    So they don't have--and I agree with my colleague, this stranglehold is not a stranglehold anymore. It is a very loose grip at best. The Dominican Republic is bringing gas from Trinidad but what we could do is send some gas from the United States.    There are a lot of hurdles. In my full written testimony I have talked about some of the financial issues, the credit issues that smaller markets deal with when they need to import the scale of natural gas via LNG or CNG.    But the fact of the matter is via the fine product exports as well as Venezuela just destroying themselves in terms of their incapacity to export product we are loosening if not have completely loosened that stranglehold.    In the case like Dominican where they have paid off their debt they do not owe Venezuela any money and so therefore are in a position to completely move forward.    Mr. Martin. Yes. Other islands--it is a different--I mean, Dominican is very unique in a situation where for about 10 years they have had a liquefied natural gas importation terminal that American company AES based here in Arlington built and now that has been able to--at a period of time it wasn't doing so well but in the last several years it has been able to really move the Dominicans' power supply away from a fuel oil dependency, not to a natural gas dependency but to a diversified matrix.    Mr. Martin. I am not sure, Mr. Ranking Member, what deal but there are several deals. China--I mean, a crude description of its checkbook diplomacy--China has financed billions and billions of dollars of loans to Venezuela are guaranteed by oil supplies.    In Argentina, it has been more in the investment in some of the local companies. They have bought stakes in companies through their national companies--you know, Sinopec.    So I am not sure exactly what deal you are referring to but there are--Venezuela is the number-one recipient of China's checkbook diplomacy but Argentina is obviously also an important target for what I call China's go out and secure access to the oil patch, in this case Latin America's oil patch.    Mr. Martin. Mr. Ranking Member, in terms of Argentina I think it is the perfect example. When I talked about exporting technology, goods and services, know-how, and the lessons we have learned from the unconventional revolution in the United States, there is no way China is going to do that in Argentina.    The United States is going to do that, is already doing that. We have helped them halve the cost of an unconventional well in Argentina through partnerships with Dow Chemical, Chevron.    There is a lot of other U.S. companies that are very interested in exporting all of those lessons and technology business services to really move Argentina from a 40,000 barrel a day of unconventional production to a real player.    Mr. Martin. Ranking Member, if I could just add, I think there is three reasons why Cuba doesn't even need to worry about it right now.    Number one is the price of oil. Number two is the number of dry holes that--you could down the list of who has drilled a dry hole in Cuba. And number three is we talk about Mexico.    The enormous opportunity that Mexico provides I think makes anyone who might think Cuba is another opportunity to take a little back.    Mr. Martin. I think there's three reasons I can think of off the top of my head why it doesn't make a whole lot of sense in 2015.    Mr. Martin. Mr. Chairman, yes, I think that is exactly what I was trying to get at with my above ground--the concept of being sure you understand the above ground, the nontechnical risk, the political, the security.    Those things can all, as Jamie said, be mitigated or figured into the project life cycle--how do deal with them, community engagement. All of these things, all these nontechnical issues, have certain components and ways to deal with them.    The problem is you have to be aware, and you have to really understand where you are operating and where you are going into. And I would just say a final point about Colombia.    We talked about--I think the question from the ranking member which country is the hardest hit in our hemisphere by lower oil prices and Venezuela is, you know, surely a winner. But Colombia has been really hard hit by low oil prices as well.    Colombia was a wonderful story for 5 or 6 years in terms of rewriting their oil and gas investment framework, launching bid rounds year upon year, attracting billions of dollars of investment.    That has been paralysed, in part, because of some of the security issues, but the low price of oil has really impacted Colombia as well.    Mr. Martin. I don't know if that leaves me to flip it or what here, but maybe we could say flip it in terms of the switch or what Petrocaribe is doing. But look, full liberalization of energy trade and everything that that statement encompasses is what I would say.    Energy diplomacy--the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative is a great start. It is a small piece. We need to do more. We need to export more and that is the way we have always, as the United States, been able to champion engagement, in this case, in energy diplomacy.