    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Waters. And thank you to the witnesses for being here for so long today.    Chair Massad, for you, it is good to see you again. We first had the opportunity, or inopportunity, to meet while I was serving on the Agriculture Committee. I wanted to ask you--I will put it this way. I wrote it out so I can do it right. Does it concern you that a regulatory body comprised primarily of banking, credit union, housing, and other regulators has the authority to intervene in markets that you, the CFTC, regulate, and potentially substitute their judgment for yours in highly complex or highly technical matters?    Mr. Emmer. If I could interrupt you, because it is limited time, and I appreciate--I wasn't asking for the mission statement. I am asking specifically with respect to the CFTC. I have heard all kinds of questioning today.    I have done a little reading about how the FSOC decided that in spite of the one insurance expert voting member, they substituted their judgment in place of his. And I am asking you, doesn't it concern you, or does it present any concern to you, that this body, this regulatory body, might substitute its opinion for yours at the CFTC?    Mr. Emmer. Let me put it to you this way: When the CFTC members meet to consider issuing a proposed or final rule, or decide an enforcement matter, even your--even though you are the Chairman of the CFTC, your vote counts the same as all of your fellow Commissioners, correct?    Mr. Emmer. All right. But now, when you sit on the FSOC board, and you take a vote that might be different from what your fellow Commissioners would do at the CFTC, how is that not corrupting, if you will--maybe that is a very strong word--the process that we put in place, or that has been put in place to operate the CFTC?    Mr. Emmer. What if your position on the FSOC differs from one of your four Commissioners at the CFTC? What recourse do any of those Commissioners have for your votes on the FSOC?    Mr. Emmer. So they just have to trust you?    Mr. Emmer. I know what they decided, and I apologize. I don't mean to be disrespectful. But the bottom line is they don't have any recourse other than your open door, and then they would have to trust you to do what they--to change or do what they are asking you to do.    Mr. Emmer. Mr. Watt, Article 1, Section 7--and I am directing this at you because of your experience, your lengthy experience, and the respect you have from Members in Congress for your service here. And I will just cut to the chase. The Constitution gives Congress the power of the purse, correct?    Mr. Emmer. When we look at the Financial Stability Oversight Council, how is it funded?    Mr. Emmer. Well, let me help. Assessments from bank holding companies managing $50 billion or more in assets, are taken and placed into a fund at the Treasury called a Financial Research Fund. This money is given to FSOC in the Office of Financial Research without oversight.    I have a bill that would actually subject the FSOC and the Office of Financial Research to oversight. Do you agree with that, congressional oversight?    Mr. Emmer. I am looking at the budget that your--that FSOC approved for itself by 2015. Can you tell me, sir, under non-labor costs, what is ``included in other support?''    Mr. Emmer. And would you submit that briefing to my office on request?