    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This is a great discussion. And I appreciate the witnesses being here this morning. As I look at some of the challenges our Nation is facing over the coming years, the need to adopt some efficiencies within our government agencies, much like we have been seeing happening in the private sector as companies in the private sector find redundancies and decide to put certain offices together and save on some overhead and a lot of further collaboration.    As the ranking member mentioned, he would like to see a lot of districts have a combination of both the urban and the rural. That pretty much describes my district. I go right down to the City line in Pittsburgh, and then I stretch out to the Ohio border and all the way east to Johnstown, covering about 120 miles of southwestern Pennsylvania. So we have many of these issues, both from an urban perspective and from a rural perspective.    Mr. Hernandez, I understand that HUD and VA and USDA and Treasury all agreed to work toward meeting some GAO recommendations and report on ways to consolidate potentially duplicative housing programs. Have the agencies gotten together to discuss the GAO recommendations?    Mr. Rothfus. Have the agencies developed a list of objectives on where they might be able to--    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Scire, would you agree with Mr. Hernandez's description?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Scire, you talked a little bit about improper rental assistance payments at RHS in your testimony. Could you talk a bit about what leads to improper payments going out the door?    Mr. Rothfus. Can RHS do anything to recoup the improper payments that have gone out?    Mr. Rothfus. Let me ask a final question for Mr. Hernandez. Again, as we look at those challenges over the next 5 to 10 years, and ways to have government be more efficient and accountable, if we ever found the office of RHS somehow under the same agency of HUD, are there things that folks at RHS could be teaching HUD?    Mr. Rothfus. But the concept is there are similar operations going on in the housing space and to have the cross utilization and collaboration that may be there, I think could lead to more effective government.    Mr. Rothfus. There is a lot of consolidation happening in the private sector. Because, again, there is a discipline of the market where folks in the private sector have to try to make ends meet with what they have.    Mr. Rothfus. I yield back.