    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for having this hearing. I am sure you were probably watching the discussion we had with Secretary McDonald yesterday. And one thing that I was, and continue to be very upset and concerned about, is the recent Inspector General's report on the problems in Colorado Springs. And whether we call it falsifying or just bad training and poor recordkeeping, there were people on the wait list who went way beyond 30 days. And yet the records did not reflect that. And it was not an honest recordkeeping. It was not a proper recordkeeping. And part of the problem is also veterans who are eligible for the Choice program, which we are here today to talk about, were not put on that list of eligible veterans. And that was a big problem and continues to be.    Now the claim is that these have all been fixed in Colorado Springs. I think the jury is still out on that because we are still hearing reports of people falling through the cracks. And that simply should not be happening. In particular, and I know that you already discussed this today. And I apologize. I was at other meetings up until now, so I do not want to, sorry if I am covering old ground, but we have people, providers in the community, who are not being reimbursed on a timely basis. And I know this is anecdotal. But we have one provider in particular who has had to stop seeing veterans because he has not been paid for six months. Now how in this day and age, even if we are using fax machines, how can this be happening?    Mr. Lamborn. Doctor, I hope there is not still a need, although I suspect there is, of a culture change, an attitude change. That there are those in the VA who simply are not comfortable or resist having the private sector be more involved with providing veterans care. And I know you all know this, but I want to say it for the record.    Mr. Lamborn. It is true that there are a lot of veterans providing health care within the VA system. That is wonderful. But there are a lot of veterans, at least in my community, in the private sector who are providing health care. And they also have the similar motivation to want to do a good job for their former colleagues in arms.    Mr. Lamborn. Well I hope it is not. Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back. But we will get you the name of that provider. Thank you.