    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The ranking member said Republicans have had 23 hearings where they are ``trying to get the IRS.'' We are not trying to get the IRS. The IRS is trying to get conservative Americans who are exercising their 1st Amendment free speech rights. 23 hearings is a pretty small price to pay when you are trying to protect fundamental liberties in the Constitution, for goodness sake. So I want to thank the chairman for this hearing on document preservation, data security. If anyone needs it, certainly the IRS needs a lesson in how to preserve documents.    Let me give you a quick little history here. Several years back, Brian Downing orders destruction of documents that TIGTA needs in their audit. The person who was ordered to destroy the document comes forward as we want whistleblowers to come forward when something wrong is going on, comes forward and tells Stephen Whitlock, the then acting director of the Office of Professional Responsibility, and he says just keep destroying the documents.    Fast forward to 2013. Again, the IRS gets caught with their hand in the cookie jar. Lois Lerner's now famous speech, May 10th, 2013, where she goes to the Bar Association, lies to the American people, says it was not us, it was just those folks in Cincinnati. Complete lie. It was folks in Washington orchestrating this targeting against conservative groups. Later that year, later in 2013, Mr. Koskinen is brought in to clean up the mess. In fact, the President himself said, ``He's the expert at turning around institutions.''    So what has the turnaround been? The chairman just talked about it, right? What has the turnaround been? We had this case with Microsoft where an IRS employee, Sam Maruca, his hard drive is wiped clean when there is a preservation order in place not to destroy any records relative to that court case and that investigation. And, of course, the one that I think is most important, Mr. Koskinen, brought in as the turnaround expert, learns that Lois Lerner's hard drive has had problems. He waits 2 months before he tells Congress and the American people, and, more importantly, under his watch, 422 backup tapes are destroyed after there are three preservation orders. Three orders, one from Mr. Milholland himself, do not destroy anything. And what does the IRS do? Three preservation orders, one from the IRS themselves, one from TIGTA, one from the Justice Department doing a criminal investigation, and two subpoenas from this committee, what does the IRS do? They destroy 422 backup tapes containing potentially 24,000 emails relevant to a congressional investigation and a criminal investigation. So there is a pattern here.    Now, finally, Mr. Chairman, just to add insult to injury, guess what the Internal Revenue Service did? That very first example I gave you about Mr. Whitlock who said, no, keep destroying the documents that the whistleblower came forward and said we are doing. Guess what happens? I guess at the IRS if you destroy documents, you get a promotion. Mr. Whitlock was just named head of the Office of Professional Responsibility.    So to the ranking member, I think a 24th hearing with that kind of history at this organization is more than warranted, for goodness sake. There is a pattern of destroying records, a pattern of destroying documents, and, frankly, a pattern of destroying records and documents when you have been told not to. Preservation orders and whistleblowers coming forward, and yet it continues, and when that happens, some people get promoted at the IRS. Of course we need this hearing, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Milholland, in May of 2013, the country learns that the IRS has been targeting conservative groups. Congressional investigations are announced. The President has a big press conference. The Attorney General announces that there is a criminal investigation that will be following. As the chief information officer, did you take any action to preserve information data and documents?    Mr. Jordan. And what action was that?    Mr. Jordan. Was your order clear?    Mr. Jordan. I am going to read from it. ``Do not reuse, or refresh, or wipe information from any personal computer that is being reclaimed, returned, refreshed, updated from any employee or contractor of the IRS. Effective immediately, the email retention policy for backups is to be indefinite rather than 6 months.'' Pretty clear, right?    Mr. Jordan. You go on in that email to say this, ``In other words, retain everything.'' Now, ``everything'' is a pretty big universe, so I do not know how you could be more clear. So the chairman has asked this a couple times. How in the world did the IRS end up destroying, with that clear directive, end up destroying 422 backup tapes that were extremely relevant to the investigation?    Mr. Jordan. So I think they are clear, too, if I could just interrupt, Mr. Milholland. So I think they were pretty clear, too. So did you do anything else? Did you just send this email out or this directive out that says keep everything and then that was it? Is that all you did?    Mr. Jordan. Let me interrupt again. I only got 5 minutes here. Were there other preservation orders that came to the Internal Revenue Service, other orders to preserve documents, not just the one you sent out internally, but were there others that come in from the outside?    Mr. Jordan. Yeah, well, there were two, right? There was one from the Justice Department and one from TIGTA that said, hey, they want to just reinforce and preserve documents. So did you take any action relevant to those other orders to preserve all information?    Mr. Jordan. When the legal staff got the order from the Justice Department to preserve all the information, they did not say, hey, you better make sure we do not destroy anything. They did not communicate it to you, and then you did not communicate another email like the one we were just talking about.    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    Mr. Milholland.--and tell them to literally--sorry. Go ahead.    Mr. Jordan. What about the subpoenas? This committee sent two subpoenas. Did that warrant or did that trigger you taking any further action than this one email that you sent?    Mr. Jordan. So the two subpoenas and the other two preservation orders, the IRS chief information technology officer, that did not trigger you to do anything else. You sent this one email that I think is pretty clear, but that is all you did.    Mr. Jordan. So there is ----    Mr. Milholland.--basically the retention of information.    Mr. Jordan. I got it, yeah.    Mr. Jordan. So then why was it not? So there are two key questions. There are two questions, and I have got 30 seconds here. Two questions. One, when you say ``keep everything'' and then 422 tapes, 24,000 emails are destroyed, I want to know how that happened and why that happened. Second, this is the question I get all the time from folks back home. Who is held responsible? So there is an order given from the chief technology officer to keep everything, and it is not kept. In fact, it is destroyed. Who was disciplined? Who was held accountable? That is what we would like to know.    Mr. Jordan. Let me just ask one other question. Did you get a raise the last few years? Have you had a raise in your salary?    Mr. Jordan. Did your pay go up?    Mr. Jordan. The last 2 years?    Mr. Jordan. Who is your direct boss? Who do you report to? When I look at your chain of command, it looks to me like you report to Mr. Tribiano.    Mr. Jordan. And, Mr. Tribiano, your office is a direct report to the commissioner of the IRS. Is that right?    Mr. Jordan. All right. So what happened there? You find out this guy does an order, and that is as clear as it gets, retain everything. It is not followed. Tapes are destroyed, 24,000 emails. That information comes to you. What did you tell Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. What did your office tell Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. You come to the hearing, you know we are talking about record retention, and you do not know what happened?    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jordan. The chairman asked my question. When was the order rescinded that you wrote in 2013 which says effective immediately, email retention policy for backups is to be indefinite? So if it is indefinite, is that still in place?    Mr. Jordan. Well, but the key question is, what about the backup tapes. They are saved indefinitely?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. And our question is, was that rescinded in any way.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Good.    Mr. Jordan. No, if it was not rescinded, then why did you have to issue a new order that Mr. Tribiano just referenced?    Mr. Jordan. Is it so that you could have another one that people will not follow? I mean, that is our point. If you have one in place, obviously it was not followed. You said nothing is being rescinded, and Mr. Tribiano said just last month we issued a new order to preserve all documents and not destroy anything. Why was that necessary?    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Milholland, who told you to issue the May 22nd, 2013 order, or I think ``directive'' is what you called it.    Mr. Jordan. Preserve all documents. In other words, retain everything. That email.    Mr. Jordan. And when you did that, did you like have just a couple people you were sending it to, or was it like send to everyone, send all?    Mr. Jordan. And the chart that I see, you got five agencies or five groupings that answer to Mr. Tribiano. Were the heads of all five of those groupings sent your email plus all your staff, or just within your area?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Okay. I just want to be clear. And do you know if the commissioner at the time, Commissioner Werfel, knew about your directive to preserve all documents?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. And then when Mr. Koskinen came on board, do you know if he knew about the directive that was in place and, as you have testified today, still in place? Did Mr. Koskinen know about that, and does he know that it is still in place today?    Mr. Jordan. Sure.    Mr. Jordan. I mean, it is not, a lot of the stuff you said there. But nowhere in there did you talk about still how the backup tapes, which you said your order applied to, were actually ultimately destroyed. So that did not cover what he just described, at least I did not think so.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Well, we obviously know there were mistakes because you gave an order, and it was not followed, and tapes were destroyed, and information and data that is important to the investigation was lost. I am going to go back to the question I asked you in the first round. I want to be clear. So you received a bonus this year and last year?    Mr. Jordan. You said your pay went up. So it was not a bonus?    Mr. Jordan. How about this management team you referred to when I asked, you know, how this could happen that tapes were destroyed in light of your order, in light of your directive? Anyone on your management team, did they receive a bonus this past 2 years?    Mr. Jordan. They did?    Mr. Jordan. And do you okay that, or does that go up through Mr. Tribiano and then up to the commissioner?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Tribiano?    Mr. Jordan. Performance awards. If you get a performance award, that results in additional pay?    Mr. Jordan. You get more money.    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Milholland said he takes responsibility for the fact he was blown away when this happened after his directive. His pay is topped out. He cannot go any higher. And the people on his management team who were responsible for the directive not being carried and for the backup tapes being destroyed all got performance pay increases. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. But many of them did.    Mr. Jordan. I would be happy yield back.    Mr. Jordan. If I could, Mr. Chairman, this will be my third time, and the right fine gentleman from North Carolina has not went. I just have two questions anyway, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. So, Mr. Milholland, on March 4th when you discovered the tapes are destroyed, March 4th, 2014, the backup tapes are destroyed. You testified in the TIGTA investigation that you were blown away by the fact that your directive was not followed. What did you do then? And I guess specifically what I am asking is, did you have any conversations with your direct report, Mr. Tribiano's office, or the person who runs Mr. Tribiano's office, and/or Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. So when you learned that the tapes had been destroyed, your directive was not followed, you had no conversation with the commissioner?    Mr. Jordan. Subsequent to when it became public, have you had conversations with the commissioner?    Mr. Jordan. About this specific issue.    Mr. Jordan. I get that, but I am asking more specific. Did you have a conversation with Mr. Koskinen and say, look, I gave a directive. It was not followed. 422 backup tapes were destroyed. We no longer have those records at all. Did you have that conversation with Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. One final one here. In your opening statement, this is Mr. Maruca's situation. His hard drive was designated for erasure before the issuance of the litigation hold. Is that right?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Yet you said later that his data was, in fact, though, backed up because you had another litigation hold.    Mr. Jordan. So why didn't the previous litigation hold prevent you from destroying the hard drive?    Mr. Jordan. And just to be clear, a litigation hold does not trigger preservation of hard drives. That only triggers it goes to a backup?    Mr. Jordan. And the best record would be the hard drive, not the backup. But under this situation, you did not do that.    Mr. Jordan. Sure.