    Dr. Hatchett. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify about our efforts to combat antibiotic-resistant bacteria. I am Dr. Richard Hatchett, acting director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority within the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response.    BARDA was established in December 2006 to support the advanced research development and procurement of medical countermeasures against chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, pandemic influenza, and emerging diseases such as Ebola and Zika.    In 2010, BARDA initiated its Broad Spectrum Antimicrobials program, or the BSA program that I'll refer to, and in 2016, Congress awarded BARDA substantial new funding specifically to combat antibiotic-resistant bacteria. The BSA program was established to support the development of new classes of antibiotics for both biodefense and commercial applications. Under the auspices of the program, we now manage seven public-private partnerships and a pipeline of nine antibacterials.    BARDA's objectives have been to revitalize the antibiotic pipeline, emphasize programs that address the immediate public health threat of multidrug-resistant organisms, and enhance our biodefense capabilities. We have achieved notable success. Our portfolio is quite mature at this point. Five BARDA products are in phase 3 clinical development, and two have completed the pivotal studies required for FDA approval.    Several products show promise for the treatment of infections due to carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae or CRE, one of the most urgent threats that we face, and a few have shown in vitro activity against bacteria harboring the MCR-1 colistin-resistance gene recently identified in a patient in Pennsylvania.    And we are working with our international partners. One of our partnerships has facilitated groundbreaking coordination of funding with the EU's Innovative Medicines Initiative to speed the development of a drug called aztreonam-avibactam.    BARDA also supports the development of improved clinical diagnostics. Without better diagnostics to guide antibiotic therapy, it will be difficult to prevent the emergence of resistant bacteria. BARDA would thus support a diverse set of tools to differentiate viral and bacterial infections, identify resistant infections in the physician's office, and measure antimicrobial susceptibility. BARDA aims to simplify genetic sequencing tools so that they can be used in clinical laboratories for the evaluation of resistant infections.    Finally, BARDA and NIH will offer a $20 million prize for the development of truly novel diagnostics for drug-resistant bacteria. We will be announcing more details about this prize later this year.    To achieve these goals, BARDA employs innovative partnership models. Within HHS, BARDA has pioneered the use of portfolio partnerships that can advance multiple drug candidates simultaneously. BARDA has established these flexible cost-sharing business partnerships using our other transaction authority. We have found that portfolio-based funding reduces risk by allowing for the reallocation of resources across activities and among drug candidates as technical and business risks materialize.    Clearly, the early-stage antimicrobial pipeline is too thin. To enrich it, BARDA and NIAID are working together to establish an initiative we are calling the CARB accelerator. Innovation frequently occurs in small biotechnology companies and in academic laboratories with limited resources and expertise to move product candidates forward. In such circumstances, promising early-stage candidates often fail to advance. The accelerator will serve as an incubator for new products and explicitly seeks to improve success rates in the early-stage antibiotic pipeline.    BARDA will launch the accelerator in 2016 and support the program for at least 5 years while NIAID will provide an array of product development support services. Both entities will collaborate in managing the program and its investments through a joint oversight committee. Stay tuned. We certainly will have a lot more to report on this initiative in coming years.    In summary, as new forms of antibiotic resistance continue to spread worldwide, the prospect of bacterial strains resistant to all available antibiotics can no longer be ignored. Developing new tools for diagnosing and treating drug-resistant bacteria will be essential to preserving the practice of modern medicine.    ASPR and its partners play a critical role in leading the charge against such threats, and we look forward to working with Congress to address the global challenge of antimicrobial resistance. I look forward to addressing your questions.    Dr. Hatchett. Well, thank you, Ms. DeGette for the question. As I said in my opening testimony, BARDA is very concerned. We do currently have a mature portfolio of antibiotics that are close to achieving licensure, but we are concerned that the upstream pipeline is very weak----    Dr. Hatchett . And that reflects the progressive disinvestment over several decades by biopharmaceutical firms not viewing antibiotics as providing sufficient return on investment.    The goal of the biopharmaceutical accelerator will be in collaboration with our partners at NIAID, and we've worked very closely with them to structure the accelerator to support that early development, bring resources and capabilities to early-stage innovators and help them move rapidly through the development process and advance those products hopefully to a point where they can transition to direct support for it.    Dr. Hatchett. I just want to mention that Secretary Burwell did ask the Presidential Advisory Committee on Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria to look explicitly at the issue of necessary economic incentives for the development of antibiotics. That letter was sent to the committee at the end of March, so they are actively undertaking that review.    Dr. Hatchett. The report was an internal report at the White House, and I don't know the status of it. You'll have to address the question to them.    Dr. Hatchett. Yes, I was going to say. Let me address the question of the value of the funding----    Dr. Hatchett . For BARDA. As I mentioned, we established our Broad Spectrum Antimicrobials program in 2010. We did that with funding that was provided by Congress for biodefense purposes. And so we were very diligent in making sure that every antibiotic that we were developing had a biodefense application. For better or worse, what that meant was that we had to develop broad spectrum antimicrobials, which are part of the problem that has contributed to the spread of resistance because of the overuse of broad spectrum antimicrobials.    The funding that Congress provided in 2016 is specifically dedicated to the problem of antimicrobial resistance, and it allows us to think in much more nuanced ways about how we can build up an armamentarium to treat patients who have antibiotic-resistant bacteria so we can make investments in vaccines, we can make investments in monoclonal antibodies and alternative therapies. So strategically, it's very important.    In 2016, we are making a number of investments. You've heard about the CARB accelerator. That's a major investment this year. You've heard about the diagnostics prize. We're also going to be expanding our portfolio partnership this year. All of those efforts are going to take years to mature and to convince our industry partners to enter into partnerships with us in an area that they have traditionally viewed as not providing an adequate return on investment. They have to see that sustained commitment of funding over many, many years and recognize that the government is a reliable partner.    Dr. Hatchett. Thank you for the question, Congressman Green. Certainly there are scientific challenges, and I may turn to my colleague Dr. Dixon to let him address the scientific challenges. I'm just a dumb oncologist so this is not my field, but I do understand the medicinal chemistry particularly for gram-negative bacteria, which are some of the bacteria that we are most concerned about is particularly challenging.    From where I'm sitting, I think the biggest challenges relate to the economic incentives in fact to convince companies to make the long-term investment to do the development. But that wasn't your question.    Dr. Hatchett. Yes, sir, we are. I mentioned our use of our other transaction authority that Congress granted to us in the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act. And that allows us to work with companies, particularly large companies that have multiple products in their pipeline. And so we can invest in their entire pipeline as opposed to making a specific investment in a single product.    That approach has attracted a great deal of attention from large pharmaceutical partners. We have two of those portfolio partnerships now, one with GSK, one with AstraZeneca, a number of others are actually in negotiations. The companies find it very attractive because it allows them to keep a focus on the development of anti-infectives in a way that makes economic sense to them. So that's very important.    There is an emerging consensus about economic incentives, that it's going to require both a combination of traditional what we call push incentives or investments in R&D, R&D contracts, as well as pull incentives, the market-entry incentives. If you make it to market, there's a guaranteed market, a guaranteed return on investment, potentially a prize.    Dr. Hatchett. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for the question. Just to be clear, the accelerator has not been established yet. We put out the solicitation earlier this year, and we have received the proposals. We had a good response, and we actually are in the process of negotiating with the lead candidates right now. So we haven't----    Dr. Hatchett . Made the award----    Dr. Hatchett. We had a pre-proposal conference where we had a--I don't remember the specific number, and I'm under oath, but I can get it for you.    Dr. Hatchett. But we ended up with five proposals, which really aggregated--actually some of the people that came to the pre-proposal conference met each other and then decided to partner, which made the proposals stronger. So I believe we had five proposals. And one of the requirements of--I don't think it was a requirement, but we requested it. It was that people making a proposal to us could leverage the U.S. Government funding by gaining access to additional funding either from other funders or other venture capital entities, for example, that was going to be viewed as a positive. And fortunately, we had tremendous success with that, so we think when we make the final award, actually our investment, which this year could be as much as $30 million----    Dr. Hatchett . May serve as a catalyst for additional investment coming in from other funders, even other countries that may be interested because of the way we've structured it. The--Ms. Castor mentioned the July 2014 U.K. study that was put together and led by Jim O'Neill, who was the former CEO of Goldman Sachs, and one of the recommendations of that study was to create a global innovation fund for antibiotic development. And actually, the United Kingdom and China have already made contributions of about $50 million to such a fund.    We think the accelerator will certainly bring in that level of funding. We are committed to providing up to $250 million for the accelerator over the next 5 years, and that could be a major, major catalyst for international collaboration to support this early-stage development.    Dr. Hatchett. So the accelerator, as I mentioned earlier, we are partnering very closely with our colleagues at NIAID. And NIAID has a full suite of what we call product development support services that can help innovators in the early stage accelerate their development. Our funding will allow those innovators to accelerate their timelines for bringing these products forward, and so we may be able to shorten the timelines. If those innovators were left to their own devices and left to the vagaries of the capital markets, it might take them many years to bring those products to the point that they would be ready for advanced development. The things that are in the accelerator are not going to pop out of the accelerator right into the marketplace. They're going to be brought to the stage of clinical development----    Dr. Hatchett . Which could take several years.    Dr. Hatchett. Right.    Dr. Hatchett. Ours too, ma'am. The perhaps relevant example--its slightly different scale of urgency--but when we have had to respond to events like the Ebola epidemic----    Dr. Hatchett . Or to the pandemic in 2009, we were able to push things forward with incredible velocity and so shorten normal development time frames. It might be 5, 7, 10 years down to even, you know, 9 months, a year, 2 years----    Dr. Hatchett. I'm not promising----    Dr. Hatchett . That we can do that with the accelerator----    Dr. Hatchett . But that's the idea.    Dr. Hatchett. Thank you. It's a critically important question. And I have seen an estimate that the market for antibiotics in the United States is about $40 billion. But of that $40 billion for that market, only about $4-5 billion is for drugs that are unpatented. So any new drug that enters the market enters a market where there are dozens of competing generic antibiotics. And so the new entries can't charge a premium unless they can fully differentiate themselves from all of the other antibiotics that are on the market. And so it suppresses the ability to achieve profit for a new drug.    And you've heard the estimates of what it costs to bring a new drug to market, and so companies, to recoup their investment over many, many years have to see opportunities in the marketplace that they can achieve that return even almost just to a breakeven.    The model that BARDA has implemented in other areas where the market is failing to deliver public health requirements so against agents of bioterrorism or pandemic influenza, for example, we over the past decade have evolved a model where we provide substantial advanced research and development funding for products that have reached the stage of clinical development. So these are things that are being tested in human clinical trials. We also provide a market entry incentive, a pull incentive in terms of a procurement of the product. So for something that we're developing for bioterrorism, we then buy a large quantity of it and put it into the strategic national stockpile so a person working under it has a guaranteed market commitment.    And the other thing that we provide, which is very, very critical, we found this to be extremely critical is we provide access to a core of experts on all aspects of product development who can assist potentially smaller companies that don't have all of this expertise in-house and to access to product development infrastructure. And so it's a multi-legged stood in terms of the support that we provide.    It wasn't until we put all of those components together for our bioterrorism threats, for pandemic influenza threats that we really started to see our program succeed. We think many of those elements are going to be required to overcome these adverse market courses that are leading to disinvestments.