    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I just wanted to say every time we have a postal hearing I text my brother because he works for the post office, so I ask him did he have any questions that he wanted me to ask you. But one thing I wanted to say as far as the consolidations, I am glad that you thought enough, even though they might be necessary to slow it down because service does come first, and that is some of the things that he has spoken about because of all the closed stations, the long lines, and not enough clerks in the window. So I am glad that you are still putting service first and taking that into consideration because people will go other places if they don't feel like they are getting good service. And we definitely want the post office to thrive.    Ms. Brennan, one of the elements of the joint postal reform proposal put forward by the Postal Service, the postal unions, and certain elements of the mailing industry is the use of postal-specific demographic assumptions when calculating pension liabilities. The proposal would also require any surplus resulting from those calculations to be used to pay down the Postal Service's debt to the U.S. Treasury.    Intuitively, it makes sense to use the demographic and salary growth statistics of the postal workforce when calculating the Postal Service's pension liabilities. What is it about the demographics of the postal workforce compared to those of the government's entire workforce that you believe will result in lower cost?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Has the Postal Service calculated how much in savings would result from the use of postal-specific demographic assumptions?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Ms. Rectanus, GAO has done a significant amount of work on postal pension funding issues in recent years. In 2014, the GAO supported the use of the most accurate actuarial assumptions for postal pension liability calculations. Do you agree with Ms. Brennan that the Postal Service should use postal-specific demographics when calculating pension liabilities?    Ms. Kelly. And do you have any views on the amount of the potential savings that may be available if that is used? Do you agree or do you have different ----    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Thank you. And I yield back my time.    Ms. Kelly. Yes, I will yield. Yes.