    Dr. Dinan. Good morning, Chairmen Bridenstine, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Bonamici, Ranking Member Beyer, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify about the Renewable Fuel Standard. This testimony updates a Congressional Budget Office's report on the RFS, which was published in June 2014.    The RFS establishes minimum volumes of various types of renewable fuels that suppliers must blend into the U.S. transportation fuel supply. Those volumes, as defined by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, or EISA, are intended to grow each year through 2022. To date, the requirements of the RFS have been met largely by blending gasoline with ethanol made from cornstarch. In the future, EISA requires use of increasingly large amounts of advanced biofuels, which include diesel made from biomass, ethanol made from sugarcane, and cellulosic biofuels.    CBO concludes that the rising requirements of EISA would be very hard to meet in the future because of two main obstacles. First, making cellulosic biofuels is complex and costly. Second, the increasing requirement for the total gallons of renewable fuels would push the average concentration of ethanol and gasoline to well above ten percent, the maximum concentration that is feasible in order to avoid corrosion damage in older vehicles.    Because of those challenges, EPA has been scaling back the requirements of EISA. That strategy decreases compliance costs in the short run, but it also reduces incentives for companies to invest in the production capacity for advanced biofuels and to expand the availability of high ethanol blends.    CBO also examined how prices for food and fuel would vary in an illustrative year, 2017, based on three scenarios. The first, the 2016 volume scenario, is one in which the EPA would keep the RFS requirements for 2017 at the same amounts it has proposed for 2016. The second, the EISA volume scenario, is one in which fuel suppliers would have to meet the total requirements for renewable fuels and for advanced biofuels that are stated in EISA for 2017 but not the requirement for cellulosic biofuels. The final scenario was one in which lawmakers would immediately abolish the RFS.    CBO found that food prices would be similar under the three scenarios. To the extent that the RFS increased the demand for corn ethanol, it would raise corn prices and put upward pressure on prices of foods made with corn.    Under the EISA volume scenario, CBO estimated--sorry. Under the EISA volume scenario, CBO estimated that the resulting increase in the demand for corn would raise the average price of corn by about three percent relative to the 2016 volume scenario. However, because corn and food made with corn account for only a small fraction of total U.S. spending on food, that total spending would only increase by about 1/10 of 1 percent.    The effect that repealing the RFS would have on the price of corn is limited because suppliers would probably find it cost-effective to use a roughly ten percent blend of corn ethanol in gasoline in 2017 even in the absence of the RFS. As a result, CBO estimates that, in comparison with the 2016 volume scenario, repealing the RFS would cause food prices to fall by less than 1/10 of 1 percent.    In contrast, CBO found that the prices of transportation fuels would vary significantly under the three scenarios. Compared with the 2016 volume scenario, we found that complying with the EISA volume scenario would increase the price of petroleum-based diesel by 25 cents to 45 cents per gallon. We also estimated that the price of E10, a blend of fuel that contains up to ten percent ethanol and which is currently the most commonly used transportation fuel in the United States, would rise by 15 cents to 30 cents.    CBO found that complying with the EISA volume scenario would reduce the price of E85, a blend containing up to 85 percent ethanol, by roughly 80 cents to $1.20.    Finally, compared with the 2016 volume scenario, CBO estimates that repealing the RFS would have only small effects on fuel prices. Specifically, we estimate that repealing the RFS would have essentially no effect on the 2017 price of E10, would lower the price of petroleum-based diesel by roughly 5 cents, and would increase the price of E85 by about 15 cents.    Thank you again for this opportunity to testify, and I will be happy to answer any questions that you might have on CBO's analysis.    Dr. Dinan. It's Dinan.    Dr. Dinan. Yes.    Dr. Dinan. Okay. Well, we really don't actually answer the question did corn ethanol use grow because of the RFS. Our analysis is really about looking forward. So what we do look at is whether or not the use of corn ethanol would decline very much if we had a repeal of the law. And we indicate that we don't think it would decline that much because there are other benefits that blenders received by blending in the corn ethanol. It helps them with octane requirements and with meeting carbon monoxide emission reductions requirements. So that's why we don't find a big drop in corn ethanol use.    But if the law was to push the amount of corn ethanol--of total ethanol, total renewable fuels up to the levels required under the law, EISA rather than the amount proposed by EPA, then there would be a significant problem with the blend law.    Dr. Dinan. We think it would stay at roughly ten percent for at least----    Dr. Dinan. Well, what we say is that there's a tension between keeping the costs down and pushing the technology. So if you were to repeal the RFS, you would reduce incentives to create more E85 stations and also for production facilities for more advanced biofuels.