    Mr. Collins. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. My name is John Collins, and I am the Managing Director of Business Development for Cube Hydro Partners, a small, women-led business that owns and operates hydroelectric plants in several states. The company also engages in new hydropower development through the building of new plants at existing dams. I have over 25 years of experience in the energy industry, including previous experience in the development of over 3,500 megawatts of merchant power natural gas-fired plants during my career at Constellation Energy. I spent over 22 years with Constellation Energy Group in various leadership positions, including Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Senior Vice President of Integration. I am pleased to have the opportunity to appear before you this morning to discuss the importance of modernizing and improving the hydropower licensing and relicensing process to make it more efficient and transparent, while supporting environmental protections.    Cube Hydro's current portfolio of hydrogenation assets consist of 13 plants that comprise over 106 megawatts. The company is committed to developing, owning, and operating hydropower facilities across the United States. We are actively pursuing the potential development of new projects on existing dams.    The National Hydropower Association and the Oakridge National Laboratories cite the potential to retrofit more than 54,000 dams in the United States, bringing more than 1,200 megawatts of new renewable energy onto the grid, while creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs, and mitigating 40 million tons of greenhouse gas emissions annually. These opportunities are tremendous. However, the length, expense, and uncertainty of the hydro licensing approval process significantly disadvantages development. Licensing can extend for nearly a decade, and such a long, protracted, and uncertain regulatory process hampers investment by increasing regulatory risks, financial risks, and implementation risks, thus, driving up the cost of new hydropower at existing dams. The time and energy to secure the licenses and permits contributed to development costs that can be between 25 and 30 percent of the overall cost of the project.    Cube Hydro experienced these regulatory challenges firsthand while developing its 6 megawatt Mahoning Creek Hydroelectric Project in western Pennsylvania. The overall regulatory process for the project spanned almost 10 years, causing significant difficulties in obtaining financing, and securing a long-term power purchase agreement. Although the end result is and continues to be a success story, the development process was a significant challenge.    To facilitate hydropower development, the regulatory process should be streamlined to eliminate redundancies and provide developers and investors with added certainty. Removing duplication in the process, and placing a single agency in charge of managing the entire approval process is needed. Such accountability is an essential attribute of efficient management and good government. The implementation of a streamlined regulatory process also needs to look to standardize the requirements associated with issuing a license to eliminate any competing requirements. We are particularly supportive of the provisions that will minimize duplications of studies and license proceedings, simplify the regulatory process for smaller projects, authorize new studies only when the FERC determines that additional data is necessary, weigh the cost-benefit analysis of licensing requirements, implement a use-it-or-lose-it provision for submitting a pre-application document within 3 years, as opposed to the current system which allows up to 8 years without developing the project. The end result is the establishment and enforcement of project timelines. These and other initiatives would help to simplify licensing requirements, and facilitate hydropower project development and relicensing. We believe that hydropower is, and should remain, an important component of and environmentally sustainable U.S. energy policy. Providing the ability to invest private capital to upgrade, modernize, and stabilize this resource is critical to maintaining and growing the currently installed base, which is the largest of any renewable resource in the United States. Hydropower is clean, renewable base load energy that helps to stabilize our electric grid. Federal policies should be adopted to encourage the development of this vast resource. Cube Hydro believes the draft legislative proposals under consideration by the subcommittee today are a reasoned and responsible modernization of federal licensing legislation to allow for increased development of this important resource.    I thank the subcommittee for this opportunity to testify on hydropower's role in meeting our nation's energy and economic objectives, and look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Collins. Yes, I do. I believe that the time it takes to license and the expense of licensing new hydropower or relicensing hydropower puts it at a distinct disadvantage relative to other renewable technologies.