    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank the gentlemen. I spent 26 years in the Air Force, and I was lucky that I didn't get any assignments to the Pentagon. So my perspective comes from the warfighter end of that perspective.    We had a hearing earlier this year and my first question is about development of aircraft, not Joint Strike Fighter-type aircraft, but say, follow-on to the EC130, or follow-on to the A-10 for a light-attack aircraft.    In a hearing earlier this year, I asked the Pentagon official if we decided today that we wanted to develop a light-attack aircraft--again, this is not complicated technology. It is just all of the things that we have learned about what does permissive CAS and does it well to follow on to the A-10, and we decided, today if we wanted to do it, how long would it take? And he said about 15 years, I think was his answer.    I look at the EC130. We know the guts of the EC130 is working. It has got a great mission set. We know it needs a new platform, but, you know, we struggle to take forever in order to figure out how to adapt what we have and put it in a new platform.    You know, what is it we can do specifically in like these types of things? We are not developing new stealth technology, fifth-generation fighter, but we are just learning from everything we have had, and we have just got to refresh and put it into maybe a different package. Like, why can't we do this faster? And what can we do to help especially in those two examples, you know, to be adaptive, to put these smart brains together, and develop something in 3 to 5 years that could be follow-ons to these type of platforms. Anybody want to jump in?    Ms. McSally. For an aircraft. Specifically for an aircraft.    Ms. McSally. So why do they still say 15 years then? What are we missing?    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Still isn't.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Yeah. Great. Thanks. You know, my other experience with this is, I have spent a lot of time in air operation centers, and joint operation centers, and spiral development is something that we worked on in JEFX programs and time-sensitive targeting.    And, boy, that seemed to work great, but as was mentioned earlier, that is not the norm. That is kind of a one-off where you have got the warfighter and the people who are developing the technology for command and control. Which is basically about collaboration, real-time decision quality information. This is not rocket science. I mean, this is just allowing the information to be collaborated for the exact type of mission that you are looking for and adapted, and that worked really well. But that is really not the norm.    You know, just basic geospatial information we were trying to develop in the Joint Operations Center at AFRICOM and had that vision, but it just seemed like we were dealing at the speed of bureaucracy instead of broadband. And when it comes to some of these other issues with command and control, collaboration, information sharing, there is some great stuff that is, obviously, way out in front of us in the civilian world, in the private sector.    What do we need to do in order to very quickly bring that in to make sure that, you know, we are allowing our command and control system to not be bogged down? Because it was a quite painful experience that I went through in both the Air Operations Center, and the Joint Operations Center, just not being able to adapt quickly enough. And anybody want to jump in?    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Langevin.