    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing. Nothing is more important than securing the lives of American people.    And I want to thank Admiral Neffenger and IG Roth for your work to really make the TSA security system more effective.    I would like to remind my colleagues that TSA was built not for speed or created by government but to protect our citizens. Almost 3,000 people just in New York City alone were murdered on 9/11 merely because they woke up and did what each one of us are doing today in this room. They went to work, sat at their desks, and they were murdered not on a military site but at their worksite. And this happened at other sites around the country.    And if you remember--I would go to the airport just to see what was going on. It was closed down. No one would fly. Our commerce was crumbling; our air system was totally dead. Everything was dead until government came in and started putting security measures in place to protect the American people.    Five hundred of my constituents died on 9/11 and hundreds of friends and acquaintances of mine merely because they were Americans going to work. This is horrifying. And we know that our airlines continue to be a terrorist target. We know. I talked to the pilots. They tell me they continue to test the system all the time to see if there are weaknesses. And they find that often after they leave the plane and see where they were meddling.    So I want to thank both of you for your focus on security.    I would also like to remind my colleagues that when we created TSA it was hotly debated for months. There was a division between both sides of the aisle. Some thought it should be privatized. Others thought the government should have this responsibility since our main responsibility is to protect our citizens. If our police and our fire are maintained and supported by the government, surely the TSA that plays a vital role of making sure that America doesn't get on a plane that is going to blow up should have that same type of support from the Federal Government.    So I want to thank Mr. Neffenger for your statements before this committee where you--and I am going to quote you because I thought it was such a good line. You said you are ``readjusting the measurements of success to focus on security rather than speed.''    And I will say to you I don't see TSA pandering to any passengers. I get stopped all the time. Sometimes I say why am I being stopped? They said it is a random number. You are that random number. Sometimes the bells go off. But like every other American, I have not seen anyone protest the fact that they were stopped. They realize that they are there to help make it more secure for us.    And I study the lines, like all of us. I travel every week back and forth. And we have long lines. TSA has really helped. The pre-check, sometimes the pre-check line is longer than the other lines. The pre-check line is really growing, as you said.    But I have studied my fellow residents, and I don't see them angry. If they lose their flight, miss their flight, they should have been there earlier. We are all supposed to be there an hour earlier. We rarely are there an hour earlier. And they are not upset. They realize that they are stopping people to make sure they don't get killed when they get on that plane.    So I for one just want to support the oversight strength of our nation. The IG's office came out saying it wasn't strong enough for security. The admiral has responded. He has 10 points that he is implementing. And I just want to ask Admiral Neffenger, what adjustments have you made to ensure that screeners are assessed on the security results that they achieve?    And I want to reiterate I have never, never since 9/11--it has been 15 years. I have never seen a resident or foreigner, whoever is in that line, object that they are being stopped or that someone else is being stopped, and because of their feeling that there is an emergency, they may miss their plane. The one complaint I hear is it secure enough? What is the oversight? Every now and then someone gets on a plane with a knife or some weapon and it gets all over the papers and people start calling my office how did this happen? Because if people do not believe that their planes are secure, they are not going to fly. Commerce is going to hurt, the country hurts. And fear is terrible and undermining the American spirit to get things done.    So I really want to know what are you doing to improve security? If you need more people, let us know and give us a report on how you can keep the security at the top level but you may have to have more people. I just know in New York it is a busy place, but oftentimes, there are only one or two lanes open because they don't have the people to staff the other lanes. But no one is complaining about a pressure on security. You know, I want to thank you for the job you do.    Mrs. Maloney. If anything, it should be tougher in my opinion.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.