    Mr. Scott. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Matz, let me make sure now, the NCUA, the National Credit Union Administration, your budget is funded through fees from your credit unions across the country, is that correct?    Mr. Scott. So it is safe to say the credit union members themselves bear the total cost of the agency's operations and expenses?    Mr. Scott. Okay. Let me ask you this, do you hold public hearings for your budget?    Mr. Scott. Can you tell me why you do not do that?    Mr. Scott. Do you think that is a very good way of holding yourself accountable to these stakeholders? Do you think that it could be improved if you did have public hearings, where the people who are paying the freight would have an opportunity to interact with you and you have an opportunity to satisfy any concerns that they may have about your budget which they are paying for?    Mr. Scott. But, ma'am, you just agreed with me that the credit unions' fees provide your budget.    Mr. Scott. Okay. Well, the members are the credit unions, and the credit unions are the members.    Mr. Scott. And the members come from them.    Mr. Scott. What do you disagree with?    Mr. Scott. That is why I think it would help you and help with the transparency if you did have hearings. The record is clear. I don't see how you could have such a negative attitude toward the very people who, through their fees, are paying your salaries, your operating expenses.    Let me go on. I have another question here. Is it true that you have a secure room, in quotes, ``a secure room'' at your headquarters?    Mr. Scott. What is the purpose of this room?    Mr. Scott. And how often is this room used?    Mr. Scott. And how much did it cost to create this room?    Mr. Scott. And did you do a cost-benefit analysis before to determine what the cost and benefits were?    Mr. Scott. Without this--    Mr. Scott. Why do you say you can't do your job without it?    Mr. Scott. Okay. I think, from what I have heard you say, that it would not be a bad idea for you to consider--I think it would help with the relationship building with your credit unions. They play a vital role in what you are doing. And it is very important for transparency. So I think from your testimony here, it shows that there is a need for you to consider having public hearings for those who are paying the freight.