    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks to all of you for being here today and for doing what you are doing to ensure that there is access to broadband throughout our country so that everyone can participate in 21st century economy.    Come November, it is estimated by some that there will have then spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 billion on political advertising in this cycle. A lot of that is going to be spent by entities, candidates, and party organizations that are required by law to disclose their donors. But a significant portion of it would be spent by front groups that are under no requirement to disclose their donors. That is why Ms. Eshoo and I and 168 of our colleagues wrote to Chairman Wheeler asking the Commission to use its authority under Section 317 to require the disclosure of donors for all of these front ads, front organization ads.    And we wrote in January. I received this response during March 10th from the chairman and it is basically a thank you for writing response, something I don't think that you would believe that we would be satisfied with. And while I don't think that necessarily we expected you to say OK, we will do that right away, I certainly expected more than this. And what particularly disturbs me is that when we talked about the basis for the Commission's refusal to do it is based on their definition of editorial--using the standard of editorial control, based on a 1979 interpretation by staff as to what the standard for be to determine what a sponsoring organization is.    And you mentioned that in January proceedings that you expanded the requirements to cable companies and satellite providers and so forth as if that would be satisfactory to us. Personally, I think that really is a further institutionalization of the deception of American public because this standard of editorial control is absolutely the most useless standard for the American people in trying to decide or trying to determine the credibility of political advertising.    I spent most of my career in media prior to coming to Congress and I have a little bit of an idea what editorial control is. And in these situations, these groups, Americans for Puppies and Kittens or Americans for a Brighter Tomorrow, they don't have editorial control. They may be crafting a message but they don't have control of that message.    So, if you could imagine, the American Petroleum Institute, they want to form one of these front groups and fund it. Can you imagine what would happen if they organization that they funded, America for a Brighter Tomorrow, ran ads saying we need to do away with burning all fossil fuels? Those ads wouldn't stay up very long. They don't have control. They are doing what their funders want them to do. And that is why this is such a deceit that has been fostered on the American people. They don't have any idea who is saying that puppies and kittens are great.    And until we get this kind of disclosure, billions and billions of dollars will be spent to deliberately deceive American voters. And I don't understand why the Commission would not at least enter into a review of the standard you are using, to determine what is the most beneficial standard for deciding what is a true sponsor. A sponsor is who pays for it. And in this situation, those entities that are paying for it are not willing to be public, which is why they are using the facades that they are using.    So, in terms of the public interest, in terms of a vital and open democracy and a transparent democracy, I would request, first of all, I would reassert our request to take action. But short of that, I would hope that maybe we could meet with Commission staff to talk about this whole notion of editorial content and exactly what their perception is--I mean of editorial control and see exactly what their perception of editorial control is. Because as a former editor, I know who has control of the editorial process and I know who has control of the advertising process. And this would be like Coca-Cola saying we are wanting an ad, put a soft drink ad and you said OK, well you have to say paid for by Ogilvy and Mather or Leo Burnett, or one of the advertising agencies, instead of Coca-Cola.    So, hopefully, we can see this decision and work with us to do something that is more sensible. I yield back.