    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. King, and I welcome the witnesses. It has been clear, since the first hearing of this Task Force, that my colleagues in the majority have attempted to turn into constitutional issues what are essentially policy disputes between the parties.    Indeed, at the first hearing, one of the majority witnesses suggested the Constitution may require Congress to cut funding for Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. So it is not surprising that today's hearing about mandatory spending and the so-called ``entitlement crisis,'' is really about making the argument to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, three of the most important and most politically popular entitlement programs, which conservatives are denied the votes or political support to undermine outright.    These three programs constitute a majority of all Federal spending, and by far the largest portion of mandatory spending. And so when we talk about mandatory spending, we are talking about these programs. And if there is a problem with the finances of these programs, I would submit you can raise the cap on Social Security and Medicaid to get sufficient funding, not to take away from the people who need these programs, perfectly within Congress' constitutional powers to constitute power of the purse to pass mandatory spending measures that avoid the annual appropriations process.    Doing so as a policy choice, one which Congress may be free to revisit on its merits, but not one that is unconstitutional. And the prior Congresses that enacted Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid made the right choice in making funding mandatory for those programs.    In the 81 years since President Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt, signed the Social Security Act into law, Social Security has remained one of the Nation's most successful and effective programs, one that provides a basis for retirement for our seniors, and social insurance for workers who have become disabled, or for their survivors in the event of their deaths.    According to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, 60 million Americans, or more than 1 in 6, received Social Security benefits in June of 2015. And without Social Security, almost half of Americans age 65 and older would be living well below the poverty line. Thanks to Social Security, less than 10 percent currently do.    Social Security is a particularly important source of income for members of minority groups, who are disproportionally likely to have low incomes and less ability to save for retirement. For instance, 46 percent of African-Americans age 65 and older relied on Social Security for 90 percent or more of their income, compared to 35 percent of Whites.    This disparate impact shows that regardless of the intent--and I know there is no intent on the part of the people that proposed this--it is de facto racial in nature, and discriminatory.    According to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Medicare provided health insurance and other benefits to 54 million Americans in 2014, and the average monthly enrollment for Medicaid in the Children's Health Insurance Program was 64 million in 2014, including 29 and a half million children.    Other programs that mandatory spending provisions include SNAP, the Nation's foremost anti-hunger program, which in 2015 helped 43 million low-income Americans afford food, including the 15 million children who are food-insecure and living below the poverty line. That is one in five children in the richest country on earth.    These programs represent our Nation's most basic commitment to supporting our elders, and of protecting our most vulnerable fellow citizens. And mandatory spending programs are vital to ensuring the poor, the sick and the elderly are not sentenced to a life of desperation and constant insecurity over essential life necessities like food and healthcare.    While we are spending limited time and resources on a budgetary policy dispute, calling it a constitutional issue, we should really be addressing programs, pressing programs, that have been ignored, like reinvigorating the Voting Rights Act, criminal justice reform, and stopping the scourge of gun violence. These are issues that need addressing that are important.    And I would submit again, this past week we lost a great hero in Eli Wiesel, a great man on the face of the earth, and he talked about the fact that if you are dealing with an issue--and he was talking about, I guess, physical violence, but he said, ``If you do not take a position, if you do not take a stand, you stand with the oppressor, and not with the victim. And neutrality does not work, because neutrality benefits only the oppressor and not the victim.''    In these situations where you are taking funding from people who are poor, and otherwise would not have the money and the means to have food or healthcare, and particularly to African-Americans who grew up, many of them, in either a pre-Brown, a Jim Crow world, or just the beginning of the change, which was not enough to give them the opportunities for access to moneys or to jobs that could give them good retirements, you are talking about discriminating against the vulnerable, and you are taking the role of helping the oppressor.    That is something we should never do, and that is why I am pleased to be a Member of Congress and fight for those people that need to be represented, and suggest that we, instead of looking at these issues, we should be looking at raising the cap, and having those that can afford pay a little more to take care of those who cannot.    I thank our witnesses for their testimony, and I look forward to the rest of the hearing. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. King. I find this terribly disturbing that we are even talking about it. And I appreciate, Mr. Steuerle, your statement--you understood and made clear that it is both incomes as well as spending, and it could go either way. You are interested in a neutral area.    So you agree that if we raise the cap on Social Security, which is 1,185, and raise it considerably, we could bring revenues that would take care of this problem or take care of it to some extent. Is that not correct?    Mr. Cohen. No, it is not for people like you, particularly. When you come to the understanding that African-Americans age 65 and older got 90 percent of their income from Social Security, that 46 percent of African-Americans got 90 percent of their income, and think about who they are. You start drawing Social Security when you are 66.    That means that people get into Social Security who were born in 1950, and give or take let us say people live to be 90. There is outgrowth, but you are talking 1950 back to 1926. Think about all those people in the South, African-Americans, born between 1926 and 1950. What chance do they have to get enough money to take care of themselves without Social Security? They had no chance.    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, well, you cannot balance things on people born between 1926 and 1950. Particularly in the South, and it was not that much better in the North. Opportunity was not there for African-Americans. Opportunity was not there for White people in Appalachia, either. People have not had opportunity, and this has been a society of haves and have-nots for a long time. It has just gotten to be more haves, or wealthier haves. The Trumps, and all that multi-billionaire world. Yeah, they want things cut, and they do not want to pay on the 1,185 and more. But you got so many people out here, they cannot deal with it.    Mr. , you talk about it great in the ivory tower. What would you do about somebody that is born in the South, an African-American in 1940? What chance do they have to have enough funds? Were they deprived of some religious valuation that made them not want to work? Or could they not work because their government worked against them, and allowed discrimination and Jim Crow laws, that put them in the back of the line, and did not give them jobs? What would you do for those people?    Mr. Cohen. You do not look African-American, you do not look like the South. You did not have Jim Crow, you did not have barriers put before you from the time you were born. And these are the people you are trying to cut. What opportunities do they have? Speechless. Mr. Lilly, tell me----    Mr. Cohen. What would this Social Security cap be if it kept up with inflation? Do you have any idea?    Mr. Cohen. It is 1185 in 2016, right?    Mr. Cohen. 117 before that?    Mr. Cohen. Well, it might not have been set at the right place when it started, so it may be the wrong criteria to look at to see whether----    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.