    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to talk some more about this Managed Inclusion program.    Tell me, what was the objective when you all set that up? What were you trying to accomplish with this?    Mr. Rogers. Well, did TSA conduct a comprehensive analysis on the impact of the entire screening process, which basically is reducing it to PreCheck vetting by the flip of a coin?    Mr. Rogers. Taking somebody that hasn't been screened through the PreCheck program and just sending them through that line every once in a while?    Mr. Rogers. Maybe I am confused.    My understanding of the way Managed Inclusion works is you have got somebody with an iPad that taps it and it randomly sends somebody up through the PreCheck line that has not gone through the application and screening process that the people who paid to be in the PreCheck line went through. Is that not correct?    Mr. Rogers. Isn't that taking a high risk by sending somebody through the PreCheck line? They are no longer going through the AIT machine that we told everybody in the world was so necessary. They are just going through a magnetometer, and they didn't go through the vetting process that the people in the PreCheck line paid to go through.    Mr. Rogers. How do you think folks feel that paid for the PreCheck status about individuals who didn't pay for it and didn't go through the vetting being allowed to get in line with them?    Mr. Rogers. You know, you mentioned explosive detection canines. Obviously, you know something about me or else you wouldn't have brought that up.    If, in fact, we had enough of those assets so that they were in all these lines, I wouldn't have a problem with this. But, as you know, we have very limited numbers of those canine teams and not because I haven't been trying to change it. I intend to get a lot more of them in there before I leave this place. But currently we don't have anywhere near close to enough of them.    In my opinion, this Managed Inclusion program is a reckless practice to take people who have not been through the proper vetting and put them into a lane that requires a lower level of screening because the people who are in that lane have paid to be vetted through a system that makes them less of a risk.    So I hope that you all will rethink this program because it is reckless and I think the public would view it very dimly if they knew more about it.    Mr. Rogers. With that, I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.