    Mrs. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thanks for being here.    Mr. Secretary, in follow-up to Representative Wenstrup's question, it just brings back to my mind this issue of GTMO , when we are talking about people taken on the battlefield, people taken for questioning, intelligence gathering, do you support the President's plan?    I just came back from GTMO a couple of weeks ago, carried a lot of legislation since I have been here in a very short amount of time on the issue of GTMO.    Do you support the President's proposal to close GTMO by the end of this year and transfer those terrorists back to this country, to U.S. prisons?    Mrs. Walorski . Would that include the core that can't be released to be--come back to the United States, the United States' prison system?    Mrs. Walorski. The U.S. prison system?    Mrs. Walorski. Do you--Mr. Secretary, do you support them coming back to the U.S. prison system?    Mrs. Walorski. Is that the only option for final disposition is the U.S. prison system?    Mrs. Walorski. What is the other alternative?    Mrs. Walorski. What is the other----    Mrs. Walorski. This President has been known to override the law. It is not that this would be breaking news.    So do you support--not that you--what is the other alternative, if the U.S. prison system is not the final destination, what is the alternative, where would they go?    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate----    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate it.    As you know, Mr. Secretary, this committee is undertaking an investigation of the transfer of the Taliban Five from GTMO to Qatar in May of 2014. I am just asking, in light of the committee's responsibility to conduct a comprehensive assessment based on a review of this important subject, will you commit today where the previous Secretary left off to continue the Department's engagement in ensuring all the requested materials provided and to work with the interagency to ensure that requested information is provided in those limited instances in which other organizations and the U.S. government have an equity?    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate it.    And then my final question is, in the--our President as the Commander in Chief said in his State of the Union address that the number one threat to the national defense is climate change.    General--Admiral Mullen just a few years ago said he believes the number one national defense issue in our Nation is the debt in our country.    Do you believe that the debt this Nation is carrying, nearly $18 billion as we are sitting here as well, having budget conversations, is more of a threat to this Nation's national security than climate change?    Mrs. Walorski. I would agree with you, sir. I am just asking----    Mrs. Walorski . I don't know you well. I am just trying to get a perspective from where you are coming from, as we are going to be voting on a huge leap in this budget, and I think the American people want to know where the national defense leader is coming from as well.    Do you believe that the Nation's debt is a greater issue than climate change, as our Commander in Chief has stated?    Mrs. Walorski. I am naming what the Commander in Chief said as he puts forth a budget that you guys have been defending here for 3 hours now.    I am just saying he says the greatest threat to our Nation is climate change and we are trying to make an argument that says, you know, the greatest threat to this nation in trying to rally people and understanding is that we have an issue of debt that an admiral went on the record to say was a serious consequence and a threat to the survivability of this country.    Did you agree?