    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx.    Today's hearing will focus on how our nation can improve college access and completion for low-income and first-generation college students. I want to join the chairwoman in welcoming our witnesses, Dr. Michelle Cooper, Dr. Charles Alexander, Dr. Laura Perna, and Dr. Joe May--and I am proud to say, from my home state of Texas.    Preparing all students for good, family-sustaining jobs and careers and a bright future must be a guiding principle for HEA reauthorization. A highly skilled 21st century workforce is key to strengthening our nation's economy and to reducing income inequality and poverty.    The Georgetown Center on Education and the Workforce found that 63 percent of all jobs will require workers with at least some postsecondary education by 2018. If our nation is going to compete in the global economy we must be sure that all these students are reaching their full potential and obtaining postsecondary education.    Low-income and first-generation students face substantial hurdles in applying to college and receiving financial aid they need. Too often, they enter unprepared and they struggle to persist in their studies and ultimately graduate.    Meanwhile, college costs have continued to rise while student debt now tops $1.2 trillion.    First-generation students like myself are older, more likely to be independent students and to have families of their own. They are more likely to be enrolled part-time and to withdraw and reenroll over and over again the course of their education.    First-generation students are most likely to be enrolled in associate degree programs, and many transfer between community colleges and 4-year institutions over the course of their education. This process needs to be seamless so time and money are not wasted retaking coursework.    We also know that too many students enter postsecondary education unprepared for college-level coursework. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011 through 2012, 36 percent of college students whose parents had a high school diploma or less reported needing to take remedial coursework, compared to only 28 percent of students whose parents had a bachelor's degree or higher.    Forty percent of Pell Grant recipients need to take remedial courses to improve their basic skills. Unfortunately, according to Complete College America, 70 percent of students who begin in remedial math never enroll in the next level college course.    While we need to bolster our K-12 system to ensure that students are entering college prepared, we should also encourage innovative practices to increase success rates. Instead of prerequisite remedial courses, some institutions are experimenting with co-requisites, where students enroll in college-level courses but also take an additional support class or stay for extra tutoring after class.    MSIs, which are minority-serving institutions, enroll and graduate significant proportions of minority students and play a vital role in higher education for low-income and first-generation students. Through innovative practices, many are boosting graduation rates.    Between the years of 2000 and 2012, University of Texas at El Paso, an HSI in my home state of Texas, increased the total number of undergraduate degrees awarded by 79 percent while enrollment only grew by 26 percent.    So what did they do? At U.T. Center for Institutional Evaluation, Research, and Planning created a data tool for deans to track students' term-to-term enrollment status, allowing advisors to contact students who do not reenroll and help them get back on track. We need to maintain strong funding levels for these institutions like El Paso's University of Texas.    Pell Grants are another critical tool to keep college in reach for these students. Just last week I introduced four bills--H.R. 1956, H.R. 1957, H.R. 1958, and H.R. 1959--with our former colleague, Senator Mazie Hirono of Hawaii. She introduced her legislation that mirrors mine last week, as I did.    That, ladies and gentlemen, will strengthen Pell and restore the summer Pell program, which has--which was key in helping students graduate on time and with much less debt. I hope this committee, members on both sides of the aisle, will approve these bills when they come before us.    Finally, federal investments in GEAR UP, HEP/CAMP, and TRIO programs are transforming the lives of millions of disadvantaged students by providing them with academic support and services they need to success in school. The GEAR UP program in my district--congressional district number 15 in Texas--has had great success by adding a financial literacy component, which is helping parents and students understand the financial resources available to help them finance their higher education.    I look forward to hearing from each one of you what other recommendations you as panelists may have to make a college education accessible and affordable to greater numbers of low-income, minority, and first-generation college students.    And with that, Madam Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx.    Dr. May, I was very pleased to hear you discuss the role of early college high schools. I believe that in my congressional district down in South Texas, Region One Education Service Center, which represents students from Laredo, Texas to Brownsville, Texas, 200-mile geographic area, is leading the state of Texas with 33 of these early college high school programs.    Many students are coming out of high school with 2 years of college and their associate degree free of charge. In fact, we are working with one of our hospitals, Doctors Hospital at Renaissance, to implement a pilot program, first of its kind in the nation, which would graduate high school students with an R.N. degree.    How do you believe the federal government can help expand this exemplary model throughout the nation?    Mr. Hinojosa. That information that you say that we are lacking is something that I have heard in Texas. Dr. Steve Murdock, I think he has an office at Rice University, a famous demographer, and he has a lot of data that when I heard Dr. Cooper give so much information on all the MSIs, it sounds like some of what he has used in some of his speeches.    And I think that you are right, we need to collect more information on each and every one of the MSIs, because that is the only way that we are going to be able to prescribe the right programs and methods so that we can increase those graduation rates.    Mr. Hinojosa. I want to share with you that I came to Congress in 1997 and I learned what HSI meant: Hispanic-serving institutions. And I saw that the funding by the appropriators was $10 million a year for what was listed as 100 HSIs, and once they doled out the money, which was crumbs, maybe 20 or 30 HSIs really got money.    So I worked on trying to do something about that, and I am the author of Title V of the Education Code. And obviously I believe that it is a vital component in helping low-income and first-generation students, as we are discussing here, to provide targeted assistance to all MSIs, which serve larger numbers of these students.    How did Title V HSI funds support your ability to improve completion rates for your students in Dallas?    Mr. Hinojosa. I wish I had another 5 minutes to keep talking with you.    Mr. Hinojosa. But, Dr. Cooper, I compliment you on your facts. Your remarks are excellent, as all of your remarks are, but I was especially interested in seeing how HSIs has gone from 100 to over 400 HSIs. And thank goodness that Congress has sense enough to increase the investments in minority-serving institutions, because we have increased enrollment in community colleges and universities by over 30 percent in the last 4 years.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Hinojosa.    Mr. Allen, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx.    This hearing today has been very timely, as Congressman Bobby Scott mentioned. I think that we are going through appropriations bills right now and amongst the cuts that are being discussed are on education and Pell Grants and funding that each and every one of you has said has made a difference in the last 4 years in increasing the enrollment and graduation rate of men and women who in the past have not had the access and affordability to higher education, and so that troubles me.    But I am hoping that both sides of the aisle will see their way clear to continue the investment that increased, as I said, in the past 6 years towards MSIs, because the demographics indicate that Latinos and African-Americans make a majority of the population in my state of Texas and many other states, and that if we are going to have better quality of life for all Americans, we must invest in education, everywhere from very early pre-kinder all the way to what we are discussing here, and that is the community colleges and the universities.    So we thank you for giving us current information that could be used by the leadership of both sides of the aisle and that, with your help, that we can continue to emphasize the recommendations that were made by each one of you, because, as Dr. Foxx said, she understands it and it is very important to her since it impacted her the way that gave her the opportunity to get a higher education, get a doctorate degree, and be chairman of this subcommittee.    I have a bachelor's and a master's degree in business administration and I think that I have really enjoyed my work here 19 years on the Education Committee because I think that we are making a difference in helping get education for all.    So again, we thank you for the work that you are doing, and keep the hope up for those who listen to your remarks everywhere you go to speak, because I think that they will be encouraged by the growth in the population of particularly women and minorities in higher education. And I just hope that in the next 5 years that we can see many more women who are graduating from colleges at a rate of about 55 percent, compared to 45 percent for the men, can go on to serve on corporate boards, to go on to head programs like you all have, and that as a result of that we are going to be able to continue to increase the investments in higher education.    And we thank you for being here.    I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Hinojosa.    This has been, in my opinion, a very good hearing this morning, not just because it is a subject that most of us who are here this morning are very interested in, but I think because you provided a lot of good information to us.    I alluded to it in the beginning, that I have been involved with these programs for a long time. When I stop to think about how long ago that was it is a little surprising to me.    Like Dr. Adams, I have been involved in the education enterprise for a long time. I became involved with Upward Bound in 1972, with Special Services in 1973.    I did that for 4 years and then I was in charge of academic advising and orientation for all new students--transfers and freshmen--at Appalachian State University. Worked for the program for minority students who didn't meet admissions requirements. And one of them I met the other day at the installation of the new chancellor at Appalachian and he really, really made me feel great about his experiences as a result of being in that program. So I know that these programs work in many cases.    Just before Mr. Jeffries said what he said, I had written down to comment that your comments all point back to the inadequate preparation that students have for going to college. And so our problems begin much sooner than the time students present themselves to college.    And here we are in the middle--I mean, in the 21st century, and we have been talking about these issues, again, since I was the director of Upward Bound and Special Services, and yet, we are still talking about them in practically the same ways. I will tell you, it is very frustrating to somebody like me.    And, Dr. Perna, while I am a big proponent of doing more research, and particularly honing in on what works and what doesn't work, in many cases we know what works and what doesn't work.    You all represent--Dr. Alexander, Dr. May--you have shown us. I mean, the programs I ran, I knew what worked and what didn't work. But yet, somehow or another, we can't seem to get that message spread across our culture.    Even Mr. Hinojosa, who is always looking for us to increase funding, said in his program that--I mean, his comments--not just a matter of money. It is a matter of tracking the students. It is a matter working with the students. It is a matter of showing them what is possible.    And it seems to me the examples you all have given, particularly Dr. May, Dr. Alexander, and I think the research, probably, that Dr. Perna is showing, is that the colleges have to take some more responsibility in this area. And it is a vested interest of theirs to do that. It is a vested interest of the states to do this, to say, ``We want to invest more money in our students and not just rely on the federal government to do these things.''    One of the concerns I have always had is why we don't shift more money into the programs that have proven their successes and say, ``Okay, you have proven your success. Let's help you more,'' and say, ``We want more role models.''    You know, Mr. Jeffries, again, alluded to the fact that we have a lot of jobs out there. I believe, the staff tells me, the latest number is 5.1 million jobs unfilled in this country because people do not have the skills to fill those jobs.    What is wrong with us, as the greatest nation in the world, that we can't figure out a system to match the people who are unemployed with those jobs? I mean, it isn't a lack of money; it is a lack of will somewhere.    And I think Dr. Perna pointed it out, too. Whose responsibility--who is going to accept this responsibility and how do we define these?    So it is enlightening to hear you all, but it is also a bit frustrating because, again, we have been hearing these stories. I mean, when I was the director of Upward Bound we talked about this at every meeting--regional meeting: How can we get the institutions to take more responsibility?    Again, seems like we haven't learned a lot in the last 40-some years, or at least people haven't changed their behaviors very much.    So I appreciate you all coming today more than I can tell you, and you have been very kind to share your expertise with us. And I want to thank all of you for your commitment in this area to helping students and to make--and to doing what you can to help other people understand what they can do to help these students, who I think do want to succeed but they do need a lot of guidance.    So thank you very much.    There being no further business, the subcommittee stands adjourned.