    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thanks for having this hearing.    It is good that all five of you are here today. I really appreciate your presence and responding to questions.    Before I ask my question about USF, which I ask almost every time we have somebody here at least, I do want to mention again that I think that Mr. Barton raised a very serious issue here, not necessarily what we can do with the Internet and restricting it, whatever the case may be, but I think bigger questions beyond that even.    And, Chairman Wheeler, I was very happy to hear you--or not happy, but I appreciate the fact that you had some information on fiber cuts.    I was on the Armed Services Committee for 8 years before I got on this committee. Traveled overseas to zones of conflict often. I guess it heightens my concern, obviously, about what happened in Paris. We all are concerned about that. But then we bring it home here to our infrastructure in the United States. And the Internet fiber, all of this is part of our infrastructure.    It is absolutely essential that we know where all of this is so that we can protect it and so we can make sure that we can prevent an attack on that part of our infrastructure. I think it is really critical. So thank you for addressing that. And I am sure we are going to go forward with this, in cooperation with you folks, to make sure that we can prevent those kinds of attacks from happening on that very important part of our infrastructure.    I do want to ask about universal service. You all know--I think I have mentioned this a number of times--that I represent a very rural district. When I first got on this committee earlier this year, I went to all 24 counties, and I talked to folks about rural broadband and how important it is for the economy, for education, for health care, for farmers, economic development, on and on and on.    And folks are very frustrated in my district, especially when it comes to the USF. And so I kind of want to know what the status is, if we can have a status update for fixing the standalone broadband problem that ties the Universal Service Fund to voice service, denies support for broadband-only service in areas served by smaller rural carriers.    We have gotten bipartisan support to do something about the USF and to reform it so that we really can bring that service to folks in theses rural areas. It is bipartisan.    And so I would like to get a little update, if I could, from you, Chairman Wheeler, about where we are on that. And I promised folks last week when I was talking to them that I would ask you directly about that.    Mr. Loebsack. Good.    Mr. Loebsack. That is right.    Mr. Loebsack. I appreciate that.    Did you want to say something, as well, Commissioner Rosenworcel?    Mr. Loebsack. Or Commissioner Clyburn?    Mr. Loebsack. Sorry about that.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you.    Mr. Loebsack. Thanks to all of you. I really appreciate it.    I am near the end of my time. I do want to submit, however, a question for the record on video relay service, if I may, Mr. Chair. I would like to be able to submit that question, as well.    Thank you so much. I yield back.    Mr. Loebsack. Twenty-four.