    Mrs. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Austin, you have been deployed on several operational tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan. What limitations have other AUMFs placed on your missions and operational abilities, number one; number two, if in your operational experience you have been most effective as accomplishing your mission without AUMF limitations, why would this AUMF provide you with the quote, unquote, ``flexibility'' you need to accomplish this mission?    General Austin. Well, you know, certainly, I have been involved in, over the last decade-plus, in fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq. And we have had what we needed to have to accomplish our goals and objectives in both instances.    In terms of any limitations that this current--the proposed AUMF would place on us, the way it is laid out to--I think we will have what we need, we will have the flexibility to address the counter-ISIL campaign.    And so to accomplish what has been given to me in this current mission set, I think we have the flexibility to get the work done.    Mrs. Walorski. And just reflecting again on what the chairman said, but, you know, I was heavily impacted last week when I read the letter from General Mattis. And--when he talked about to the committee last week that they should not set any arbitrary guidelines, AUMF should not establish geographic limits, AUMF should put the enemy on notice that we will use all military capabilities, even if it includes ground forces. And we have heard other, just through the news and just through talk, other senior military leaders saying the same thing.    And I have got to believe, with him being your predecessor, would you not agree with General Mattis' views, that we simply cannot have these kind of ground game rules, number one, already established; and number two, we are telling ISIL and all interested parties exactly what we are not going to do?    General Austin. Well General Mattis is a great friend, a guy who I respect a lot. And I will tell you that we agree on some things; we don't agree on everything. But in this case, Congresswoman, my thoughts are the more flexibility that I can have, the better it is for me in terms of prosecuting this kind of a fight.    Mrs. Walorski. Wouldn't it be easier to have an AUMF that says destroy ISIL, period? Wouldn't that give you unbelievable flexibility, unbelievable authority, and send a strong message to the other side, to the enemy camp that there is number one mission in this country, and all the bounds are off, all the rules are off, and you are in charge of a command that can go and do what the American people want, which is to destroy ISIL, even if they show up in Afghanistan, even if they show up in other places where we already know there is connections and networks being made?    General Austin. Well, again, the more flexibility I can have as a commander----    Mrs. Walorski. Would you support that kind of AUMF, sir, that said destroy ISIL?    General Austin. I am confident I will never get that kind of an AUMF, but I take your point.    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate.    I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman, do you have something right quick?