    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you.    Good morning, Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Chris Heidrick, and I am pleased to be here today on behalf of the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America, or the Big ``I,'' to present the Association's perspective on flood insurance and the National Flood Insurance Program. We commend the subcommittee for looking at this very important issue.    I am the principal of an independent insurance agency located in Sanibel, Florida. I regulate and counsel clients of all sizes regarding flood insurance. I also hold the designation of associate in national flood insurance. I currently serve as the chairman of the Big ``I'' Flood Insurance Task Force and represent the Big ``I'' on the Flood Insurance Producers' National Committee.    The Big ``I'' is the Nation's largest and oldest trade association of independent insurance agents and brokers, and we represent a nationwide network of approximately a quarter of a million agents, brokers, and employees. Working with Write Your Own companies, many of these agents serve as the sales force for the NFIP. It is from this vantage point that Big ``I'' members understand the capabilities and challenges of the insurance market when it comes to ensuring against flood risks. The Big ``I'' believes the NFIP provides a vital service for the people and places that have been hit by a natural disaster. Recent severe flooding in Missouri and across the central United States has provided an unsettling reminder of the terrible damage that flooding can cause, and the NFIP is virtually the only way for many people to protect against the loss of their home and business due to flood damage.    Despite our support of the NFIP, the Big ``I'' also recognizes that the program is far from perfect. The program has recently faced scrutiny for its handling of Superstorm Sandy claims and has a debt of approximately $23 billion. But it is important to note that for more than 2 decades, up until the 2005 hurricane season, no taxpayer money had been used to support the NFIP. The NFIP was able to support itself using funds from the insurance premiums it collected.    In order for the NFIP to move forward toward financial solvency, rate adequacy should be examined. However, it must be done with careful consideration to avoid market disruption and other unintended consequences. For the NFIP to regain any sort of solid financial footing, the number of policies needs to increase, not decrease. As Congress considers possible reforms to the program, careful analysis of their potential impact on policy take-up rates and retention should be paramount.    Now, I would like to talk about the role of the insurance agent in the delivery of flood insurance, which is considerably more complex than most traditional property and casualty lines. Independent agents are an essential part of the consumer experience when purchasing a flood policy. Placing a new policy on a property located in a special flood hazard area where the government requires flood insurance for any home with a federally-backed mortgage is an intensive process that can take multiple days, if not weeks, to complete.    Furthermore, when consumers are ``not in a flood zone,'' they often believe they don't need flood insurance when, in fact, this is not the case. Properties outside of this special flood hazard area comprise over 20 percent of all NFIP flood insurance claims and receive one-third of Federal disaster assistance for flooding. It is my job to explain the flood insurance options available to consumers and to make sure they understand the consequences of their purchase decision.    As you know, the NFIP is a congressionally authorized program that requires periodic extensions. The NFIP is currently scheduled to expire on September 30, 2017, and the Big ``I'' strongly urges Congress to pass a long-term extension as soon as possible. Instability and uncertainty created by short-term and sometimes retroactive or last-minute extensions can lead to concrete damages in the real estate and development market as well as the country's economy overall.    Briefly, regarding the private market, which I know the subcommittee is exploring in a separate hearing tomorrow, the Big ``I'' supports H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act, as introduced. I would like to thank Representatives Ross and Murphy for taking the lead on this bipartisan legislation. This bill ensures that policyholders can move seamlessly between the private market and the NFIP. The Big ``I'' believes that the private flood insurance market can play a valuable but limited role as a complement to the NFIP in protecting homes and businesses but lacks the capability to underwrite flood insurance on a pervasive basis to meet customer needs.    In conclusion, the Big ``I'' strongly supports the NFIP and the continued role of our members as the distribution force for the program. The NFIP is essential for millions of Americans, and ensuring the long-term stability of the program is of vital importance. I thank the subcommittee for holding this hearing and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you.    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I believe the inherent problem i<plus-minus>s the catastrophic nature of flood risk. As I am talking to clients, you think of homeowners' insurance, auto insurance, these are products they typically buy every day that can experience higher frequency, sometimes lower severity losses. Flood insurance doesn't work like that. Flood insurance is catastrophic in nature and often hits the people who least expect it.    And one of the largest challenges we have in communicating flood risk right now is the binary nature of the existing maps. When you look at frequency, there are only 3 categories the National Flood Insurance Program specifies: less than a 0.2 percent chance of flooding in a given year; 0.2 to 0.99 percent; or 1 percent or greater. So imagine you have two houses that are on either side of the line, whether that line is inside or outside of the SFHA or in between two flood zones. And consumers are led to believe that because they are on the safe side of that line, they don't need to purchase flood insurance. The rest of that statement is actually, they don't need to purchase flood insurance to satisfy their lender, but there certainly is still a risk. And the relative risk between those two homes that I just gave in that example is much closer than in or out.    Mr. Heidrick. I don't know that I would market it any differently than I market any other product. When I am meeting with a client, I am assessing their overall personal risk, whether that is wind or flood or auto or life or health, where each individual may have a different set of risks or those risks may be more severe or less severe from individual to individual.    One of the things that I believe the private market may be able to do better than the NFIP today is price in a more granular level. So the example I gave before, where there are 2 homes on either side of a line, and sometimes 10 feet can make several thousand dollars of difference in the cost of flood insurance for an individual, that is going to weigh heavily on their cost-benefit analysis. But if the private market is able to make it more granular, it would be a different outcome.    Mr. Heidrick. It is my understanding--excuse me, thank you for recognizing me--that the $23 billion in debt really represent those two extraordinarily rare catastrophic events, which are Katrina and Sandy. Outside of those events, the program would be operating just as it was originally designed, which is without surplus--instead of surplus, a line of credit to the U.S. Treasury where it would borrow during years of need and pay back during other years, which--    Mr. Heidrick. If I may?    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you, Mr. Barr. As I stated earlier, having a more granular view of flood risk is, I think, of paramount importance to consumers who live outside of the Special Flood Hazard Area. Twenty percent of all flood insurance claims occur outside of the Special Flood Hazard Area.    In Columbia, South Carolina, from what I understand about 792 people had flood insurance policies. These are examples where if you had a way to measure risk maybe on a scale of zero to 100 for instance, and I know that the NFIP is currently working on some way to articulate risk in this way, to help customers understand that they are not immune from flooding simply because they live on one side of a line or another, we would have much more recognition, it would improve the takeup rate.    Mr. Heidrick. Sure. It is a market that is in its infancy. In the United States, there are not a lot of insurers who have a lot of expertise. There is a dearth of claim data, and as the claim data is lacking. Without having loss experience and the ability to price accurately based on that experience, those are impediments that will, we believe, the Big ``I'' believes, will be overcome over time and modeling will get better over time. But as we sit here today, we don't believe that the private market is capable of fully replacing the NFIP.    Mr. Heidrick. I believe there are a number of reforms that are already existing that will play out over time, will manifest themselves over time. The changes that were made in 2012 and 2014 were aimed to bring rates up to something that is more reflective of a market level. There is actually a flip side to that coin as well, though. It also resulted in a number of policies, and according to the NFIP, 80 percent of the NFIP policies had actuarially correct ratings before those measures were put in place.    So now there are additional surcharges and assessments that are outside of the true cost of risk that actually are going to give the private market an ability to come in, and they don't need to charge those for those costs, so it is going to make some risks more attractive to the private market.    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you, Ms. Moore. The Big ``I'' doesn't have a formal position on community-based insurance in general. It is an organization that supports choice for consumers to make their own decisions based on their own individual risk, and of course as we discussed earlier, there is gradation of risk. There are some people who are at more risk than others when it comes to flood insurance. So we think that those are factors that would have to weigh into a proposal.    Mr. Heidrick. Mr. Royce, today it is house by house by house, and it requires a surveyor to go out, and the cost of that work is--it ranges by State, but somewhere between $200 and $1,000 per house. There probably are more efficient ways that it can be done--    Mr. Heidrick. There is a technology referred to as LIDAR which actually could be used, and I believe that the State of North Carolina has used LIDAR extensively in generating their own maps. North Carolina is a little bit different because North Carolina actually takes the lead on developing their flood maps.    Mr. Heidrick. Thank you, Congressman, no. The flood insurance rates are set by flood zone. An ``A'' zone is an ``A'' zone regardless of what State it is in. So if you are in a preferred-risk area, regardless of what State you are in, that is the rate you are going to pay.    Mr. Heidrick. The mandatory purchase requirement is only to a 1 percent chance or greater of flooding. If your chance of flooding is less than 1 percent in any given year, then there is no mandatory purchase requirement. Did I understand your question correctly?    Mr. Heidrick. I wouldn't have the expertise to say that they could take on all the risk, but what I can say is, and as we have proposed, that there is room for the private market to participate in this and to develop the expertise and to take on more and more risk over time in many markets, even auto insurance. States have residual markets, and that is a normal part of the insurance industry. I couldn't tell you whether or not I think the NFIP should become a residual market. It all depends on what the ultimate design would be. In terms of the debt, one of the things to keep in mind is, yes, the program is $23 billion in debt to the U.S. Treasury, but it has paid out over $50 billion in claims over its lifetime, so that is about $27 billion that otherwise would have been paid through disaster assistance that was actually paid by policyholders through premiums.