    Mr. Shimkus. I thank my colleague.    And these are difficult issues, and I think, as I told some of the folks on the panel, those of us who are pro-life and vote that way who have served many, many years, we are saddened that these things still occur in our country.    On Tuesday, I did a press conference tour of my district outside three Planned Parenthood clinics. Tuesday. One was closed, wasn't even open. So I want to talk about the access to care issue a little bit.    But before I do this, some of this moral outrage, and one of the benefits of being a MSember for a long time is you have the benefit of history. And we had a hearing when Republicans were in the minority on secret videos taken in a meatpacking plant. Downed cows. There was more outrage over the treatment of downed cows than we have of treatment of downed kids, babies. And there was no objection to the videos being presented. In fact, they didn't even call the video people to the hearing. It is just unfortunate that, again, I do think there is a double standard.    And also I want to mention the healthcare aspects. The other thing I did in Illinois, why I went to them is because federally qualified healthcare clinics in Illinois, we have 670 better alternatives for women's health care and only 18 Planned Parenthood locations. So this debate about our ability to affect women's health care, in fact, by these bills that we are going to move through the House, we are going to be able to provide better care because Planned Parenthood clinics don't provide all the range of health care.    I am not a supporter of the Affordable Care Act, I didn't vote for it, I don't believe in it, I think it was terrible, but the premise of the Affordable Care Act was medical homes for people could go to have a medical home and a medical location for records. Guess where your medical home is? It is not in a Planned Parenthood clinic. Your medical home is found in a federally qualified healthcare clinic.    So we are on the right track if we move this debate to improving access to health care, expanding federally qualified healthcare clinics, rural clinics, in my case. I am in southern Illinois, three Planned Parenthood versus 40 accesses to rural care or community health clinics.    Mr. Mattox, the question I have, going back to the videos, do you believe these videos actually depict Planned Parenthood's practices?    Mr. Shimkus. In follow-up, do you think States should be able to take action on these videos?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    And I am just going to finish by, obviously there is a list of services provided under federally qualified healthcare clinics versus those services provided by Planned Parenthood. The services provided by Federal healthcare clinics, family homes, far outweigh anything provided at the Planned Parenthood clinics. And I yield back my time.    Mr. Shimkus. No, I didn't.