    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much, and thank you for being here today. First of all, I would like to talk briefly about Sri Lanka. They held elections obviously in 2015, and it has kind of marked, I would say, a political shift that is pretty significant in the country. And I had been to Sri Lanka in the past, and kind of witnessed firsthand some of the devastation that occurred during, and in the follow-up to the civil war and the unrest that they had there for quite some time, particularly in the north of the country and the area around Jaffna. What would you say is the situation relative to the government actually coming together, where Tamils feel an actual role in the government?    When I was there, and this has been probably 5, 6 years ago, they didn't feel like they were being treated at all well by the government. The government obviously had a different point of view on this. What would you say is the situation, and especially on the ground in the North? They said they were being excluded from being in police departments and a whole range of jobs and things. How are things now?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. I have got a follow-up questions however, I have only got a minute and a half, and I wanted to shift over to Bangladesh, so let me do that kind of quickly here as well.    The first time I was in Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia was in power. And when I went back most recently, which was maybe 2 years ago, Sheikh Hasina was in power, and met with both of them on both those occasions. Obviously they have different points of view on a whole range of issues. But the most recent time it was a couple of months before the election that didn't--well, the election happened, but it was boycotted by Khaleda Zia's party. A couple of questions. One, do they anticipate elections any time in the near future, or what is the status on that at this point? And then most importantly, relative to the violence that we have seen with the Islamist extremists that have literally hacked people to death, and other horrific things, in general, it tends to be when people have criticized extremism, those people are targeted. Do you see that as being an ongoing phenomenon? What is the government trying to do to push--what are they doing to crack down on it without expressing--without suppressing freedom of speech in the press, et cetera? All in about 30 seconds.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. My time is expired.