    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much.    Ms. Bresch, I think I now understand why you make $18 million. Trying to figure out the complexities of drug pricing has me really flummoxed. Of course, I won't make $18 million in 100 years serving in Congress.    So let me ask you, you talk about this wholesale acquisition cost of $608. Who pays $608 for an EpiPen? I mean, what is the wholesale? Is that just kind of like the manufacturer's suggested retail price?    Mr. Farenthold. No, no. I'm not coming after your company, all right? I'm very tempted to, because I think you all have behaved badly and have invited government regulation. I am a free market person. I'm very much for free market. But this whole drug pricing system that we have right now makes no sense to me, and a free market can't operate in a system where people like me, who are consumers, don't understand it.    So I'm going to lay aside my concern about what your company is doing and why. I think it's wrong, but that's not where I want to get. I want to get to the pricing. You said a $600--I'm going to call it manufacturer's suggested retail price. All right. So, in a free market, you've got a manufacturer, a wholesaler, a retailer and the consumer.    In the drug market, you've got the manufacturer. You've got the insurance company. You've got the pharmacy. You've got the doctor. You've got the benefits manager. And there are probably some more players in there, all who need to take a little bit of money out. So we've created a very complex system. So, basically, you said, manufacturer's suggested retail price is $608. Probably the only sucker who's going to pay that is somebody who doesn't have insurance. I don't know. And then you come up with all these rebate plans that you have to go to the Web site and print something out. You have a discount plan for schools. It's so incredibly complicated; it makes airline pricing look reasonable.    I want to fix this, because it's not just your product that is the problem. Medical prices are skyrocketing. Doctors complain to me they're not making any money. My insurance premiums are going up. My deductibles are going up. How do we fix this, where you can make a reasonable profit and the drug can be available in a way that can--at a price that people understand and that doctors know and I can talk to my doctor about?    I mean, I had--my doctor today: ``Great. I got this new pill you can take; you only have to take it once a day instead of twice a day.'' Instead of being a $10 copay, it was $120 copay. God knows what my insurance company is paying. I'm going to take two pills to save that kind of money. But in most cases, people and doctors even don't have the information to do that.    How do we simplify this and get the cost of these down, where you can make a profit, the doctor can make some money, the pharmacy can make some money, but people can afford health care? How do we fix this?    Mr. Farenthold. Let me ask, Dr. Throckmorton, with the FDA, it seems like there may be something you guys can do about this. I mean, I see--I had a doctor I was talking to just Monday who said: ``Yeah, see this ad for this new drug. Do you realize that it costs over $128,000 a year to do that?''    I mean, if you're not a doctor--and maybe even some doctors don't even know it. Should we be requiring drug companies to disclose the cost of medication in their advertising?    Mr. Farenthold. Ms. Bresch, would your industry be supportive of that?    Mr. Farenthold. I'm almost out of time. I've got one more question for you.    I applaud your company for trying to educate folks about the need for the availability of EpiPens, but what I don't understand is why your marketing costs have to jack up the price that much. If you sell 100 EpiPens and make--what was your profit on--$50 on each pen, and you sell 200 EpiPens at the same price, you're going to make more money--or the same amount of money, you see. I didn't say that correctly.    But what I'm saying is, as your volume goes up, your profit goes up, and you don't have to jack the price up. That ought to pay for the advertising. So if you'd like, I'm out time, I'll let you answer if you want.