    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Roth. I want to ask you a question. The Secret Service division or component is a component of DHS, right?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So do you think that it makes better sense that there are department-wide policies regarding such important things as opposed to component-wide policies?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. We hear that in the other committee that I am on. According to your memorandum of understanding between the Secret Service and your office, certain categories of misconduct must be referred to you.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So did what happen on March 4 constitute something of that level?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And in your estimation, who should have reported it? How many people? At what level? You know, what are those titles? This doesn't fall on one person's responsibility, right?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So I may have missed some of this, because some of it is getting a little bit confusing for me. This entity that should have reported to you is professional----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. How soon after the March 4 incident did it know of it?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. On March 9. And you were informed of it on?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. By them?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And Mr. Clancy was informed of this on March 9 also?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Mr. Clancy did not start an investigation of his own at the same time that you all were going to take this on?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Is that the usual operating procedure, where if you are going to do it, the agency is not going to conduct?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So if we were going to focus in on who or what level we believe is the biggest problem here, other than the self-reporting up the chain of command, where would that be?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. I am going to close also, because I know that we are running late. But I want to associate myself with something that Mr. Hice said. I agree with him that you cannot--I don't care how long you work in a public service, it can be 5 years, it could be 15 years or 20 years, but if you are found to have done something that is as egregious as we think this is, you ought not be able to just walk away with your--the benefits that you had associated with being a good public servant. There needs to be some consequences. You ought not to just be allowed to walk away and say I retire because you can.    Thank you very much, Mr. Roth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.