    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General Campbell, for your service and leadership. I, too, had the privilege to participate in the CODEL chaired by our subcommittee chair, Joe Wilson, and I joined Congressman Moulton and Congressman Ashford on the trip. It was great to visit some of the troops deployed from my district.    So my question is, in late February the DOD announced the three units to deploy as the upcoming rotation of forces in Afghanistan, and one of those units is the 2nd Brigade from the 10th Mountain Division, which I have the privilege of representing, which is located at Fort Drum, as you know. The 10th Mountain has supported operations in Afghanistan since 2001. It is the most deployed unit in the U.S. Army since 9/11 to both Iraq and Afghanistan.    So based upon my visit and our privilege of meeting with President Ghani and the upcoming deployment of soldiers in my district that I represent, I would like to know from you your assessment of the risks to the security situation as we draw down in Afghanistan and how that will impact our future operations against the Taliban.    General Campbell. Ma'am, again, thank you for visiting, and thank you for the question. I do have Colonel Pat Frank with me over here that commanded 3rd Brigade, 10th Mountain and was down in the southern part of Afghanistan back in 2010, 2011, and we are very appreciative of the 10th Mountain support.    You know, what I would tell you is that they will come in and they will work the train, advise, and assist. Force protection is our number one priority. The President has told me that is his number one priority.    I look at that every single day. We continuously monitor the threat streams both inside of Kabul and at all of our combat outposts and our TAACs. Every single day we are looking at ways on how we mitigate that threat.    You know, but frankly, it will continue to be a very dangerous environment. There will be insurgents that want to kill our soldiers. You know, we shouldn't make--we shouldn't put that aside. That is out there every single day.    So every day what we can't do is become complacent. We tell our soldiers, you know, that in a 9-month, a 12-month rotation that they have their--they will have an opportunity to make a difference.    It may only be 15 seconds where they make that difference in their entire tour when it comes in terms of force protection. The issue is they don't get to pick when that 15 seconds is, so they have to be ready all the time.    And I think the services do a great job and our noncommissioned officers do a great job of preparing our soldiers to understand the risk that will become when they do deploy. And again, many of our soldiers have been there numerous times; they understand that.    It is changing and we continue to take a hard look at that. The green-on-blue incidents that have been out in the news here the last several years, where we have Afghan soldiers or police attack coalition or attack U.S. members--that continues to get much less as we have mitigated that through our own training with different programs to provide over-watch. The Afghans do a much better job on vetting both soldiers and police in how they do their training.    So that has gone way down and we feel, you know, we can't get complacent. We will continue to look at that.    But believe me, ma'am, the force protection is utmost in our mind and we work that very hard in our pre-deployment training, and once they get into country they are continually reminded and go through processes that make sure that they don't become complacent.    Ms. Stefanik. I wanted to ask one follow-up. In our discussions with President Ghani we talked about the threat of ISIS and the potential for ISIS to grow in Afghanistan and their most recent recruiting efforts.    Does that concern you? Can you talk about what those challenges are going to be not just in the short term but the long term?    General Campbell. Again, thank you for the question. You know, it is a potential threat, is how President Ghani has used that. A concern to him, so it is a concern to me.    We take a hard look at that. We have engaged with our Afghan security partners in making sure we are seeing what they see, we understand how they see it. With all the other intelligence organizations that we have inside of Afghanistan we come together to discuss that potential threat.    I will tell you right now, we have seen some recruiting in different parts of the country. We have seen some night letter drops.    We have not seen it operationalize. We have not seen a lot of money come in and we have not seen those forces gather and prosecute targets at all.    But again, it is a potential threat for Afghanistan and Pakistan. So as I said in my opening comments, it is an area where I think Afghanistan and Pakistan can continue to work together to go after a potential threat that has already displayed, you know, how horrendous they will be.    And the Afghan security institutions and the army and the police have told me they will not let that happen. And the dynamics inside of Afghanistan are different than Iraq. You know, with the Sunni prosecution, how that has been in Iraq, the political piece.    This is not just--didn't just happen here the last several months. This has been building up for years and years in Syria and Iraq, and in Afghanistan it is a different dynamic with the culture that you have there, as well.    But we will see it, and we will continue to monitor it and make sure that we have a strategy that can attack it on a short-term, and mid-term, and a long-term.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Ashford.