    Chairman HARDY. Good morning. I would like to call this hearing to order.    I would like to start by thanking our witnesses, especially the small business owners who have traveled from different parts of the country, for being here.    Today, we are going to take a look back at all the executive actions President Obama has taken throughout his presidency that have a direct effect on the Federal contractors. More specifically, we want to examine how these actions have affected small firms that do business with the Federal Government.    Throughout this Congress, our full Committee, as well as several of our Subcommittees, including mine and Mr. Hanna's, have held hearings highlighting the negative outcomes of several of these actions, doing our best to defend the small business community. Regrettably, President Obama either was not listening, or worse, he simply ignored our appeals.    For example, last September, Mr. Hanna and I held a joint hearing discussing the negative outcomes small businesses would have faced should Executive Order 13673, commonly referred to as ``the Blacklisting rule,'' become final. We received testimony at that hearing that would undermine the government's longstanding policy of maximizing contracting opportunities for small businesses and that it was an opportunity to extort settlements out of small businesses. These pleas were ignored by the Department of Labor, and the Blacklisting rule became final on August 24th.    The Blacklisting rule is one of many new Federal regulations that have been spawned by the President's decree hampering economic growth in our small business communities.    Aside from the circumventing of the Congress' legislative authority, I am particularly concerned that these executive actions will lead to fewer small businesses participating in the Federal marketplace.    We need a healthy industrial base with many small businesses working to provide the government with innovative goods and cost-effective services. When fewer small businesses compete for federal contracts, the outcome will be less innovation and a higher cost to taxpayers.    Regrettably, this exodus has already started. We currently have 100,000 fewer small businesses registered to do business with the Federal Government than we did just 4 years ago. This is not good for the United States.    In meeting after meeting with my constituents back home in Nevada, and listening to small business after small business testify before this Subcommittee, I have come to the conclusion that Washington regulators, and particularly those appointed in the Obama administration, do not understand how much their actions affect the day-to-day operations of small firms.    This is unfortunate, and I hope to work with this administration to make them understand just how difficult they are making it for small Federal contractors.    We have an outstanding panel here today with us this morning, and I am very interested in hearing how bad it is getting out there for our small federal contractors. We will keep yelling, and maybe the President will finally hear us.    Now I yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Adams, for her opening statement.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Ms. Adams.    I would like to turn some time over to the chairman of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, Chairman Hanna.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    If the Committee members have any opening statements prepared, I would like to ask that they submit them for the record.    Now, I would like to explain how things kind of work around here, which many of you probably already know.    You will have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow, and finally, when your 5 minutes is up, it will turn red. I ask you to adhere to this time limit if you could, please.    Now, I would like to introduce our witnesses.    Our first witness is Mr. James Hoffman, president of Summer Consultants, Inc., a small mechanical, electrical, and plumbing engineering firm in McLean, Virginia, testifying on behalf of the American Council of Engineering Companies. He possesses 24 years of experience preparing studies and designs of federal historic and institutional facilities and complex renovation projects. Mr. Hoffman is a Project Manager for indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts with Baltimore District of the Army Corps of Engineers Naval Facilities, Engineering Command Washington, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Other past and current federal experience includes work with the Architect of the Capitol, the 11th Wing of the Department of the Air Force, and the General Services Administration. Thank you for being here, Mr. Hoffman.    Up next we have Ms. Donna Huneycutt, Chief Operating Officer and Co-owner of the Wittenberg Weiner Consulting, testifying on behalf of the National Defense Industrial Association, or the NDIA. Prior to joining the WWC, she practiced business immigration law representing Fleet Boston Financial and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Ms. Huneycutt practiced corporate law in New York, focusing on private placement startups and structured finance. She holds a B.A. from the University of California-Berkeley, and a J.D. from Columbia University. She is an active member of the Committee on Acquisition Management and Small Business Division Legislative Affairs and Policy Team of the NDIA. She co-chaired the Small Business Committee on Pathways to Transformation, Response on Acquisition Reform prepared by the NDIA at the request of the Senate Arms Service Committee and the House Arms Service Committee. Thank you for being here, Ms. Huneycutt.    Next, we have Jimmy Christianson, Regulatory Counsel for the Associated General Contractors, or the AGC. Working with AGC for nearly 6 years, Mr. Christianson lobbies Congress and federal agencies on transportation authorizations and appropriations, procurement, public-private partnership, labor, and environmental bills. He has success in this which he has led the enactment of favorable provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act for the fiscal years 2014, 2105, and 2016; the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014; and various appropriation bills. He also works with the association members from CEOs of multibillion-dollar companies to middle managers and business owners to identify, prioritize, and advance industries' legislative and regulatory agencies. He received his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and his J.D. from the University of Maine. Thank you for your participation, and we look forward to hearing from you, Mr. Christiansen.    Now, I would like to yield to Ms. Adams to introduce our next witness.    Chairman HARDY. Again, I would like to thank you all for being here.    Mr. Hoffman, we will start with you. You have 5 minutes.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you for your testimony.    Ms. Huneycutt?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Ms. Huneycutt.    Mr. Christianson?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Christianson.    Dr. Madland?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Dr. Madland.    I would like to begin our first round of questioning. I am going to yield myself along with everybody else as we go through.    Mr. Hoffman, I would like to start with you. You know, a bad rule is a bad rule. But do you think some of these concerns that could have been alleviated by the DOL if they followed the Regulatory Flexibility Act and actually allowed small business firms to be part of that conversation to maybe come up with a better outcome. What are your thoughts on that?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    Ms. Huneycutt, it is stated that there are about 100,000 small businesses that have left the federal marketplace in just the last 4 years. Do you think any of these actions would make any of those small business firms ever want to come back doing business with the federal government with some of those actions that have been put in place?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    Mr. Christianson, in your testimony, you mentioned the use of project labor agreements for federal construction projects, executive order or your written testimony. Can you talk a little bit about how this might affect the open shop contractor or even those who are located in the right-to-work states?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    My time is expired. I would like to turn the time over to Ms. Adams.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I would like to turn the time over to Chairman Hanna.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    I would like to turn the time over to Congressman Kelly.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Kelly. We will turn the time over to Mr. Knight.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. There is a desire to go around with another round of questions, so I am going to start off with Ms. Adams if she would like.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I turn some time over to Mr. Hanna.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. And I would like to go ahead and let Ms. Huneycutt, she had the desire to address that question, and yield my time to it.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    One quick question I would like to address, and of these 100,000 contractors we have lost in the last 4 years, Mr. Christianson, being a small business owner myself in the past, and going from two or three employees and working your way up to 350 over time, when you step into the contracting world with the government agencies, do you believe that other small businesses that are say 50 and under will have the ability to step into this field? Because now you have grown your internal staff or office staff to two or three times the size that you would have had at a normal site. Do you believe these contractors, are you hearing that as some of the challenges? Would you like to elaborate on that? Anybody else who would like to?    Chairman HARDY. But you work with many small businesses?