    Dr. Daigh. No, I would be glad to comment.    I think that without whistleblowers government can't function correctly, so we are absolutely on the same page there. And I think that we need a mechanism for whistleblowers to come forward to lay out their allegations in as clear a fashion as possible. And then we need to be able to go look at those allegations as factually as we can, so that we have clear allegations and we have clear facts to either support or refute them.    And I think sometimes--and then we need a management at V.A. that, when presented with facts, will aggressively respond.    Dr. Daigh. Right.    Dr. Daigh. So in real life what happens--when we get allegations and we think that people in V.A. are lying, that management is not doing what they are supposed to be doing or not handling things correctly, then I walk down the hall and I talk to the head of investigations. And then the criminal investigation unit will go and address those issues, to the extent to determine whether we can put forward or collect the data required to make the case we need to make.    So we are not shy about switching quickly between an allegation in my office, an allegation that would best be handled by audit, or an allegation that would best be handled by the investigators. That happens all the time.    Typically, what happens if the investigators start down the road and there is some health care aspect to it then they are the leaders. I append either a physician or a nurse or social worker, depending on what is required to support their understanding of the data, and often reading the medical chart or interpreting some of the hospital data requires someone who does that for a living. And we work together as a team.    Dr. Daigh. So in the timeframe of 2012, which is the data that we were able to look at everybody in V.A. who received opioids, there were a couple of problems that stood out. The percentage of veterans who were on chronic opioids who also have substance use disorder--that is, they are addicted to narcotics of one sort or another--is in the range of 10 or 12 percent. The percent of veterans who, in the same category, have significant mental illness is in the range of 40 percent.    So you have a group of patients that have a very complex chronic disease burden that are very difficult to take care of.    Notwithstanding that, there is a guideline that has been put out by DOD and V.A., that talks about the proper use of narcotics in patients who are taking chronic opioids, and the bottom line is that V.A. providers were not following, really with astounding figures, the advice of the guideline.    So, for example, you are supposed to get a urine drug screen at certain intervals. Wasn't occurring.    You are supposed to not give refills--early refills under certain circumstances. That was also not occurring.    So everywhere we have looked across the system we have seen that as a major problem.    Dr. Daigh. At current time, last year we got 2,400 complaints of health care issues that came to my group. That works out to be something like 10 a workday, plus. So we look at those.    A portion of those I don't have the manpower to address so I send a letter to the director of the VISN, usually above the facility, and say, ``Please respond to these allegations,'' having removed the person who made the allegation, trying to get by the whistleblower issues. We pick about 60 or 70 cases--that is about the workload I have--and we go and look at those.    It is a combination of if everybody is out looking at Phoenix, I have to send some out. If people are in the office and we have the workload then we go out and look at them.    So essentially, it is an allegation either from our doing a CAP and serving employees and hearing that there are problems with narcotic use--we would then trigger a hotline.    Dr. Daigh. Legionella is in everyone's groundwater, so depending on the exact species of Legionella that is in the groundwater where you reside then everyone is at some risk for it. It is a national problem. V.A. does have a national attempt to deal with this problem.    I am not aware of exactly the program you are talking about that would--that you are speaking of for $167 million. I don't know exactly what they are doing.    But clearly there does need to be an effort to try to ensure that the water going into hospitals does not contain pathogens like Legionella. So I haven't looked at that--I don't know what that buys, is what I am trying to say, in order to answer your question directly.    Dr. Daigh. There were a number of ethics issues and adjustments they were going to make in terms of how they train their workforce, and there is also the issue of notifying and reviewing the cases we identified where harm had occurred--both of deaths and harm that we had heard. And I don't know exactly where they are on notification for those cases, but that would be part of what we could provide back to you in follow-up.