    Ms. TIPTON. Thank you, Chairman Chabot. Is that right?    Ms. TIPTON. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the impact of U.S. Department of Labor's overtime rule on entities including small governments.    My name is Jerrie Tipton, I serve as chair of the Mineral County Nevada Board of Commissioners, and today I am representing the National Association of Counties.    Mineral County has a population of 4,479. Our county employs 102 full-time salaried workers--no 102 full-time employees and has a median household income of the county of $38,664. Mr. Chairman and members of the Committee, as you continue to assess this new rule and the potential impact on small entities, including counties, I would like to highlight three observations.    First, America's 3,069 counties employ 3.6 million people and deliver public services to more than 300 million Americans. Because of our role as employers we are concerned that the new rule could have unintended consequences for counties, especially small and rural counties, hindering our ability to provide crucial services to the communities from transportation and health, to public safety and emergency services.    Almost 70 percent of counties are considered rural, with fewer than 50,000 residents. Together we employ over 410,000 full-time workers, and serve almost 40 million Americans. Most of us do not have the flexibility in our local budgets to pay the newly eligible employee overtime pay, especially as soon as December. Rural counties have been doing more with less, and without new revenue sources it is hard to see any alternative than to cut services that benefit the residents to pay for this rule.    Second, the new rule does not adequately address the wide variations in local labor markets across the country. Labor markets across the country vary dramatically in our counties. However, the DOL's overtime rule takes a one size fits all approach. Let me explain why this is a problem. In 34 of the 50 States, local government employees earned less than $46,000 a year, less than the new salary threshold. In 97 percent of the counties in the South Census Region, the average wages in local government are less than the new threshold. That is why DOL rule does not provide an accurate picture of the major differences in labor markets across the local communities.    Finally, the new rule will have broad consequences for taxpayers and county services. Many counties are still struggling to recover from the recession and may not have the resources to absorb sudden spikes in labor costs. According to the NACo's County Economies 2015 report, only 214 of those county economies have fully recovered to their pre-recession levels. In Mineral County the new rule would make 13 to 17 of our full-time, 102 full-time employees eligible for overtime pay.    The additional cost would be up to $45,000 a year for us. It might not seem like a lot but it poses quite a financial challenge since counties are limited in our ability to generate local revenue. In fact, more than 40 states limit the county's ability to collect sales tax and/or property tax and other fees. This leaves us with a difficult choice: Which critical local services do we cut to fund the rule?    Additionally, 62 percent of counties nationwide have considerable federal land within their boundaries. Federal lands are not subject to local property taxes, further reducing the local property tax base. Moreover, many counties have budget years that run from July 1st to June 30th, which means their budgets have already been approved for the coming fiscal year. In my county, we finalized our budget before the 1st of June and had it certified and approved by the State of Nevada. Since the DOL rule goes into effect in December, it doesn't take into account that our finances are already set through next July. It complicates our ability to comply with the rule in the short term. And furthermore, counties have limited human resource personnel and advisory staff.    While the DOL estimated the small entities may incur $100 to $600 in compliance costs, counties typically spend a higher amount of time and money on compliance because we have less staff capacity and in-house expertise. Many counties may need to hire outside consultants which is again costly.    Finally, comp time not a complete solution for counties. Where the DOL rule allows us to provide comp time this isn't realistic since we have such a small number of employees to start with. If one key employees uses comp time, I may not be able to carry out public services that protect the community. For example, we have one librarian who is now eligible for overtime pay. If she uses comp time, we would have to shut the library down and that would create a problem for some of the residents because the library is the key source for Internet access in a county with limited broadband service.    In conclusion, while we share the same goal of fair wages, we are concerned that the new rule will impose considerable burdens on the counties. We stand ready to work with Congress to help craft policies that are fair to workers and workable for county governments.    Thank for the opportunity to testify and I will be happy to take any questions.    Ms. TIPTON. Okay. Our budgets are set. The State of Nevada says this is when your budget cycle is. They are done.    For us, we can't raise revenue. Mineral County is 2 cents over the state cap already paying off a school bond debt. We had less than 1.5 percent of our land base has taxable infrastructure on it out of 3.4 percent private land and the rest of it is federal in one form or another. There is nothing to raise taxes on.    What it is going to mean is, in order to make this work, if we have to fall in compliance, and we are going to have to, we are either going to reduce, to start with, what is considered nonessential services like the library, the park and rec. And my offset to that is in that community, if I don't have something for those kids to do, I am going to have it them in     Ms. TIPTON. Juvenile protection.    Ms. TIPTON. Yes, sir. I am not the king of the world, and so this is something that we have been having conversations on at the board level. Our options are right now Mineral County pays 100 percent of the employee benefits and at least half of their retirement right now. We are either going to have to say, okay, boys if we have to do this, then those of you we are doing this for, you are going to have to pay part of your benefits. And if it is sauce for the goose, is it also sauce for the gander, see? So do we make everybody pay part of their benefits?    I look for us to reclassify some of those individuals and take them out of a salary exempt to an hourly exempt, and what business does not get done does not get done. We can't afford to hire part-time people, not even school-to-career people 19 hours a week to pick up the slack. We don't have the revenue, sir.    Ms. TIPTON. Thank you.    For Mineral County, depending on how the board determines we are going to handle this, we may not hire anybody. That is the bottom line. We have a finite amount of resources.    If I had an ask of this commission, see if Congress can't step back and look at this from a more commonsense standpoint maybe. Look at a sliding scale. $28,000 dollars is ridiculous, and we all know that, even in Mineral County, that is one of the poorest of the poor.    But look at this from a different--what is your population base? And when you are talking regional, if you throw Intermountain West into the Pacific Rim, the rural Intermountain West falls off the board. It doesn't even get looked at. You throw 15 counties in Nevada in with the two urban counties in Nevada, it doesn't get addressed.    What is your public to private land? All of you back here, you have private land that you have taxes on, and every square inch of your land back here produces. Ours doesn't and it can't because of the nature of the beast.    What is it going to do to us, Congressman? We won't hire. We will not increase hiring. We can't. We can't afford to.    Ms. TIPTON. Sir, it is my taxpayers whose median annual income is $38,000, per household.    Ms. TIPTON. Twenty-five percent of my county lives at or below the poverty level. Twenty-four percent of my county is 65 or older. Those are the constituents that it would impact.    Ms. TIPTON. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question. In Mineral County, a part-time employee is 19 hours a week. They cannot work any more than that. State won't allow that or then you have to pay retirement on them. They get workman's comp, that is what they get. A full-time employee, we pay 100 percent of their benefits. Last year it was probably $500 a week per an employee.    And my next worry is, it has gone up, of course, because healthcare has. Mineral County, Nevada, some of my employees, the day may come, in the not too distant future, where they are paying taxes on their healthcare. And that is going to be interesting too.    Yeah, and that is it. From a part-timer they get workman's comp, that is what they get, and Social Security, period.    Ms. TIPTON. Oh, definitely. The community I live closest to is a population of 200. The next community is 32. The largest town--no incorporated cities in Mineral County--the largest town is about 3,000. About 900 of my county residents live on the Walker River reservation. We--yeah, that is my residence.