    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, sir.    Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko and members of the subcommittee. I do appreciate the opportunity to be here with you today to discuss the Office of Environmental Management's activities to safely and properly dispose of DOE-generated low-level radioactive waste and our ongoing planning efforts for disposal of greater-than-Class C low-level radioactive waste.    First, let me state that safe performance of our work is our overarching priority. The Department's first responsibility is to protect our workers, the public and environment during our cleanup mission.    Safety first is the clear expectation for every activity that we undertake in implementing that mission. The Department of Energy is the largest generator of low-level radioactive waste by volume in the Nation with most waste derived from the Office of Environmental Management's cleanup efforts.    Since 2005, the Department has safely disposed of over 330 million cubic feet of low-level radioactive waste. The overwhelming majority of the Department's low-level radioactive waste is disposed of on the site where generated.    In fiscal year 2014, 23 million cubic feet of mixed and low-level radioactive waste were disposed of at the site where generated.    The Department sites that have the capability to dispose of all or a portion of their onsite-generated waste include the Hanford site, the Idaho site, the Los Alamos National Laboratory, which has limited capability, the Nevada National Security Site, Savannah River Site and the Oak Ridge Reservation.    In fiscal year 2015, a decision was made to construct a future new disposal facility for decommissioning and remediation waste at the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant and similarly the Department is continuing to evaluate options for similar waste disposal onsite at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant.    The Department of Energy sites without an onsite disposal facility mixed and low-level radioactive waste may be disposed of at the Department's regional disposal site.    At present time, the Nevada National Security Site remains the Department's only regional disposal site available to serve the needs of the Department's cleanup complex.    Commercial firms also provide each of the Department sites with options for mixed and low-level radioactive waste disposal. The Department's policy is generally not to utilize the commercial disposal facilities operated by the regional disposal compacts.    However, when compliant, cost effective and in the best interest of the Government and after formal approval process the Department may utilize commercial disposal firms.    Finally, I would like to provide you with an update on where the Department of Energy is with the disposal of greater-than-Class C low-level radioactive waste, GTCC.    The Department is currently finalizing the final environmental impact statement for the disposal of GTCC waste and GTCC-like waste.    The final environmental EIS will evaluate the potential impacts associated with the proposed development, operation and long-term management of a disposal facility or facilities for GTCC low-level radioactive waste and GTCC-like waste.    GTCC-like waste is radioactive waste that is owned or generated by DOE and has characteristics similar to those of GTCC waste such that a common disposal approach may be appropriate.    The Department plans to identify a preferred alternative in the final environmental impact statement. In developing the final EIS, the Department will have considered public comments on the draft GTCC EIS, human health, disposal methods and waste types.    The Department anticipates publication of the final environmental impact statement within the next quarter. After the publication of the final environmental impact statement the Department will submit a report to Congress as required by the Energy Policy Act of 2005.    The report to Congress will include a description of the disposal alternatives considered in the final environmental impact statement and must await action by Congress.    Congressional action would enable the Department to proceed with issuing a record of decision on greater-than-Class C low-level radioactive waste disposal.    The Department is eager to work with members of Congress on the path forward for GTCC low-level radioactive waste and GTCC-like waste disposal.    Thank you again for the opportunity to discuss the Department's low-level radioactive waste disposal activities.    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, Mr. Shimkus.    Yes, the memorandum of understanding between the Department and the State of Nevada was really the culmination of over a year of really close collaboration, regular meetings with the State at fairly senior levels with both the DOE and the State of Nevada, and it covered a wide range of issues, not just low-level radioactive waste disposal at the Nevada National Security Site. The limits for what we can put into that facility are really governed by the waste acceptance criteria.    The discussions did not go into that technical detail but they were broad discussions on general areas where our interests overlap and they are significant and great. And so I think at the end of the day, the MOU really kind of solidified our agreements to date and our path forward on many areas in addition to low-level radioactive waste.    Mr. Whitney. Yes. The site, of course, has a national security mission so there was discussion of the NNSA mission, other potential missions that may happen in NSSA, and protocols for how we communicate, how we work with not just the State of Nevada but the surrounding communities, and we exercised a lot of those already and for various reasons.    Mr. Whitney. Transportation.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    I would say for the Department of Energy, for environmental management, our low-level waste management, we do use a risk-based approach. It is based on performance assessments, site specific.    So it is very quantitative and, like I said, specific to the site where the disposal facility would be located.    Mr. Whitney. Sir, I am not real familiar with the ECA proposal. I did read Mr. Smith's testimony and we work closely with ECA and they are a great partner in a lot of things.    And so we are interested in hearing more about that as we do a range of other issues, sitting down with them and talking to them. We are always open to listening to their concerns.    Mr. Whitney. Yes. On our low-level waste, we are. Mr. Smith is proposing potentially a reclassification for how we classify waste including high-level waste and so, again, I am not real familiar with the details of their proposal but am interested in sitting down with them.    My understanding is it would require a--the Atomic Energy Act clearly defines what is high-level waste, TRU waste, spent nuclear fuel, and byproduct material, and if it doesn't fit into one of those categories it is low-level waste.    Mr. Whitney. The GTCC environmental impact statement, the final EIS, we anticipate issuing that within the next quarter. Once that is issued, depending on the preferred alternative it could potentially need NRC action, particularly with respect to the near surface disposal.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. We don't have any formal review for reclassifying waste right now within the Department of Energy. So I don't know if there would be a public participation process for that for us.    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, sir.    So the Department doesn't formally have a classification for greater-than-Class C, and we do, for the purpose of the environmental impact statement, call it GTCC-like, and it consists of the low-level radioactive waste that might have a characteristic similar to the GTCC waste as classified by NRC as well as some of our transuranic wastes that don't have a disposal pathway.    But the EIS evaluated about 12,000 cubic meters of waste, and about a quarter of that is present and future, is owned by the Department.    Mr. Whitney. We anticipate issuing that final EIS within the next quarter and then we will submit the report to Congress that outlines the disposal alternatives, the options, the preferred alternative and some of the things associated with cost, who pays, and how we can ensure the safety.    We will follow that and we will, of course, await congressional action prior to issuing a decision.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. By the end of the next quarter, so by the end of March. It could be sooner. We are going through the formal DOE review process, so we are at the very late stages of the process right now.    Mr. Whitney. Sir, I believe those discussions are ongoing. We have had discussions, and they are ongoing.    Mr. Whitney. And I don't know, either. I would have to get back with you on that.    Mr. Whitney. I don't believe it would.    Mr. Whitney. It is unclear to me at this point, sir.    One, it would depend on the ultimate disposal pathway for the depleted uranium, of course, and then what the final rule making is.    Mr. Whitney. I am just unaware of any direct implications. I apologize.    Mr. Whitney. I believe discussions did occur, sir, yes, between DOE and NRC.    Mr. Whitney. The Department of Energy does not have the classification of GTCC--we have ``GTCC-like waste,'' which is regulated by the Department of Energy.    So if a preferred alternative was a DOE site and our GTCC-like waste went there, we would not need an NRC license.    Mr. Whitney. I am not aware of any direct implications of a delay in the rule making. We are, of course, moving forward with the environmental impact statement, which will outline the alternatives and the preferred alternative. And so at this point, I don't see any implications or impacts to delaying the rule making.    Mr. Whitney. I am sorry. Can you repeat the question, sir? I apologize.    Mr. Whitney. Yucca Mountain was not considered an alternative since the administration deemed it an unworkable solution and so it was not considered and has not been considered in the GTCC siting process.    Mr. Whitney. I thank you, sir.    The incident in Nevada was at a non-DOE-owned facility. I believe it was in or near Beatty, Nevada. The Department did provide some technical assistance on the emergency response side.    I believe we are still trying to understand what happened and work with them because we would like to make sure we learn any lessons from that just like we would like to learn from any incidents that might occur at DOE facilities.    With respect to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant that did shut down in February of 2014 as a result of a couple of incidents there and we had some significant failures in many areas with respect to our operation of a facility there, with respect to packaging at the generator site where--in the processing where the packaging occurred before it got to WIPP.    And we are taking those lessons learned and not just applying them at WIPP. A tremendous amount of work has happened in the last year and a half to ensure the safety of that facility and when we recover and resume operations that we are able to do so in a safe manner, but also across the complex, taking those lessons learned to make sure that we don't repeat those at all our sites, whether they are generator sites, generate transuranic waste that will go to WIPP, or any of our sites where there might be issues that we can apply whether they are TRU waste generators or not.    I believe that the public should and hope the public will have confidence in DOE's ability to manage its low-level and transuranic waste.    Mr. Whitney. And if you don't mind, I will turn to my colleague. That is an NRC classification scheme.    Mr. Whitney. I am not aware that they did. We have a process of transferring excess facilities from one program to the other. So there is a formal process that we would go through once the decision is made.    It is a programmatic decision that didn't necessarily need to involve EM. But there would be a process then for transfer of the facility when it happens and things of that nature.    Mr. Whitney. I don't know. I won't be able to provide specifics just because we would go through that process when the facilities became owned by EM and we would bring into our life cycle baseline and we would sequence out the work and see. But it would certainly add D&D costs and cleanup costs and----    Mr. Whitney. I can't say that, sir, because I am just not sure.    Mr. Whitney. We were not involved in the decisionmaking process because it was a different program.    Mr. Whitney. We have given consideration to that and we have reached out to our colleagues in the other programs formally to start that discussion on how those costs will be covered.    Mr. Whitney. No, sir.    Mr. Whitney. No, sir. At this point, I don't. But that would be part of our process if we take over as owner of the facility.    Mr. Whitney. Generally, once we have ownership of the facility it would not take a long time because we have a lot of precedent at other facilities. It might be similar at other sites.    Mr. Whitney. Probably months. Not many months.