    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Attorney General. It's a pleasure to have you here, and I look forward to working with you, not only today, but in the months ahead.    As you likely know, I am on the Immigration Subcommittee and I follow closely what your Department is doing in that arena. Your predecessor, Attorney General Holder, testified in 2013 before the Senate, and this is a direct quote: ``It is inexcusable that young kids, 6, 7 year olds, 14 year olds, have immigration decisions made on their behalf against them and they're not represented by counsel.''    Now, in July of this year, the American Immigration Council and several other organizations filed a class action lawsuit in District Court in the Western District of Washington challenging the validity of removal proceedings for children without appointed counsel. And their argument was that an 8-year-old couldn't receive a full and fair hearing in the immigration court without representation.    As you know, I'm sure, the Administration has made efforts to provide counsel to small children by funding nonprofit groups, but the Assistant Attorney General who argued, I think a Mr. Leon Fresco, actually argued contrary to that in the District Court. And I'm wondering if the Department's position has changed since Mr. Holder left the Department and whether you think it could meet due process to have an 8-year-old who speaks only Spanish appear in immigration court without a lawyer and be able to argue the nuances of immigration law and asylum law. Do you think that meets due process requirements?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman.    With respect to the argument that was made on the issue, of course I'd have to review those pleadings to understand the specific context and whether or not there was an appropriations issue involved as to whether----    Ms. Lofgren. Fair enough. What do you think about the due process issue?    Attorney General Lynch. And, again, thank you for that issue, because it is an important one. And as you noted, certainly it's the Department's position that as a general matter all who appear before tribunals, whether they be courts, administrative bodies, tend to have a more efficient process and a fairer process if they are represented by counsel. Certainly we have statutes and laws to that effect with regard to adults, criminal matters, and the like.    For those children, also it certainly would seem to increase efficiency of the entire process to have counsel. And as you've noted, I believe through our grant process we have supported nonprofit or NGO organizations that have provided counsel there for those children.    Ms. Lofgren. So you're not willing to say that it doesn't meet due process requirements at this point?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, what I'd like to do is look at the procedures that are in place before I made a constitutional determination about due process. But I certainly do agree that it's an area of concern and that as a general matter we support counsel in proceedings for litigants, particularly children.    Ms. Lofgren. Let me ask you this. The Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General has done an analysis of--we have many people from Central America in particular who are seeking asylum. And what he reports, that there is a review called Operation Streamline that found that the Department of Justice has actually prosecuted asylum seekers for illegal entry before their asylum case is heard.    And it seems to me that while not only does that violate the requirements of international law, but it doesn't seem like an efficient use of resources. If someone gains asylum under the law, then their prosecution would not be very pertinent. And I'm wondering, have you reviewed that IG's report yet?    Attorney General Lynch. I have not reviewed that specific IG's report. What I can tell you is that the prosecution and apprehension of individuals at the border is one to which not just the Department, but the specific U.S. attorneys in those border States devote significant time and attention. And steps are taken at the initial level to try and ensure that those who are seeking asylum are handled appropriately and that those who are coming in for other intents and purposes are handled through the immigration law system and often the criminal law system.    Ms. Lofgren. Can I ask you whether you would please take a look at that report and make sure that we're actually using our resources in a sensible way relative to asylum seekers?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly. We are always happy to review the way in which we use our resources.    Ms. Lofgren. Finally, I want to mention a situation. We've had a class action complaint that's now moot because the individuals who filed the complaint have been released from detention. They're mothers who were being held in prison with their children in Karnes. And they had a demonstration and in response they were put in solitary confinement with their children. And their argument was that they have free speech rights.    Here's my question. Do you think immigrants in detention are entitled to constitutional rights of due process and the First Amendment and the like?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, I certainly think that when it comes to the conditions in our detention centers we need to do all that we can to ensure that treatment is fair, humane, and cognizant of the individual rights of all of those who come through those systems.    I think that we have recognized certain rights for those within our borders, certain rights for citizens in varying degrees with respect to the Constitution. But barring that or even taking it into consideration, certainly I believe that all of our detention centers should be run efficiently, fairly, and humanely.    Ms. Lofgren. I see that my time has expired, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for allowing me to go a little bit over.