    Mr. Fallon. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to update the committee on progress in the VA PTSD service dog study, which pairs veterans with PTS with service dogs. I am accompanied today to my right by Dr. Patricia Dorn, director of the Rehabilitation Research and Development Service; and Dr. Chris Crowe, senior mental health consultant and liaison to the DOD Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and TBI.    The 2010 National Defense Authorization Act directed VA to undertake a study to assess the benefits, feasibility, and advisability of using service dogs for the treatment or rehabilitation of veterans with physical or mental injuries or disabilities, including PTSD. The benefits of utilizing service dogs and guide dogs for physical disabilities are well established. Therefore, VA designed the study to focus on veterans with PTSD because PTSD is a high-priority health issue in veterans, and the benefits of service dogs in assisting people with PTSD are not established in the scientific literature.    This is a groundbreaking study that aims to determine if veterans with PTSD would benefit from a service dog. For the study, VA hired its own dog trainers to provide obedience and handling support to veterans after they receive a dog, thus reducing experimental bias in the study.    VA also developed its own contract health, behavior, and training standards for dogs. Three studies cites--Atlanta, Iowa City, and Portland, Oregon--are operating and enrolling veterans from different parts of the country. Approximately once a quarter for 21 months, measures are taken of self-care, interpersonal interactions, and social participation, the severity of PTSD symptoms, sleep-related problems, suicidal ideation, the severity of mood disorders and substance abuse, anger directed at others, inpatient and outpatient visits, medication usage, and measures of employment and work productivity.    Veteran enrollment in the multisite phase of this study began in December of 2014. As of this week, 109 of 220 veterans have been enrolled in the study, and all three study teams will be fully staffed to achieve an enrollment rate of 12 to 15 veterans per month, which would allow all 220 veterans to be enrolled by the end of this year or early 2017. Data collection will end in late 2018. The data will then be analyzed, and the results will be published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.    While VA does not purchase service dogs for veterans, VA does provide veterinary care benefits to eligible veterans to managing visual, hearing, or substantial mobility impairment to enable the veteran to live independently. Currently, VA does not provide veterinary care benefits for PTSD or mental health dogs because research has not shown them to be effective in overcoming specific functional limitations.    The carefully designed VA study is incredibly important in addressing shortcomings in the existing research literature that has been reported by others. The VA continues to monitor other scientific literature for quality evidence to inform future policies and remains strongly committed to completing the current study at an estimated cost of at least $12 million.    VA is strongly committed to the delivery of the best care for veterans with PTSD. Advances in research have led to a range of effective treatments that reduce symptoms and increase functioning and well-being. The VA/DOD evidence-based Clinical Practice Guideline recommends the following as first-line treatments: trauma-focused cognitive behavioral therapies such as prolonged exposure, or PE; and cognitive processing therapy, or CPT; eye movement desensitization and reprocessing; stress inoculation; selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors; and venlafaxine, a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.    Research demonstrating the effectiveness of PE and CPT is particularly strong. VHA Handbook 1160.01, Uniform Mental Health Services in VA Medical Centers and Clinics, requires that all VA medical centers provide access to either PE or CPT. VA has supported this requirement by training upwards of 7,000 therapists in PE and CPT as part of a broader initiative to disseminate evidence-based psychotherapy for mental disorders. Uptake of evidence-based therapy such as the CPT across the VA healthcare system was rapid.    For veterans who choose other treatment approaches, the VA offers a range of options to treat PTSD and associated symptoms. VA is a leader in developing evidence-based therapy, the global standard for PTSD treatment.    Mr. Chairman, as a veteran myself, firmly committed to the successful completion of the study, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today. I and my colleagues are prepared to answer any questions the committee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Fallon. We don't, Mr. Chairman. VA is thrilled that service dogs help veterans. It's just, as a large medical organization, we have to rely on evidence-based medicine. The veteran population is very heterogenous. What helps one veteran is not going to help all. We have to ----    Mr. Fallon. Well, Mr. Chairman, I would point out that in the publication that was funded by HABRI, Dr. O'Hare published in 2015, one of her main conclusions was that more research needs to be done. That's right out of the paper. She also documented a number of deficiencies in the literature. She also was quoted in Military Times article on her work that nonbiased research needed to be completed. This was in 2015.    Mr. Fallon. I'm a veterinarian, Mr. Chairman. I couldn't ----    Mr. Fallon. No, Mr. Chairman. My role here is to update you on our study. I certainly would not pretend to be an expert in human clinical medicine.    Mr. Fallon. I couldn't comment on that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fallon. Sure.    Mr. Fallon. Yes, sir, I was a veterinary technician.    Mr. Fallon. Oh, absolutely, sir, yes.    Mr. Fallon. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Fallon. Well, as the chairman mentioned, I have seen problems with dogs, particularly dogs that are not properly trained. For instance, we had those two children that were bitten, which was a tragedy, certainly didn't help those veterans. Also, there are some things to take into consideration. If a dog becomes sick, ends up with a chronic illness, there can be huge veterinary bills associated. The veteran can actually become quite depressed. We've seen this anecdotally ----    Mr. Fallon. I ----    Mr. Russell.--maybe harming others around them and getting in a depressed state? Which would you say is more of a danger?    Mr. Fallon. I couldn't comment on that, sir. Again, I'm a veterinarian. I mean, clearly, all those things are terrible things, though.    Mr. Fallon. I do not know the answer to that question. I'm a--I'm ----    Mr. Fallon. I do, sir ----    Mr. Russell.--dealing with animals, you are a doctor of veterinary medicine. You have handled a lot of animals in your life. You have done extensive research and study. I just want to know, since you came as an expert testifying before Congress, I am just curious of your personal opinion.    Mr. Fallon. I'm reluctant to give my ----    Mr. Fallon.--personal opinion.    Mr. Russell.--veterans would be harmed by their care and association with service dogs?    Mr. Fallon. I'm reluctant to give my personal opinion, sir, because it could affect the study, it could bias the study, so I would prefer not to do that.    Mr. Fallon. Dr. Crowe, would you like to ----    Mr. Fallon. The veteran participants, sir, the folks that are actually ----    Mr. Fallon. Yes, sir. They're recruited through each of the three medical centers through fliers and presentations to mental health clinicians.    Mr. Fallon. There is a waiting list at one of our sites, the Portland, Oregon, site, because we've had particular problems in recruiting qualified dog trainers for that site. However, we now have one trainer that has--that is on--is working now.    Mr. Fallon. I cannot say for sure. I would say it's probably in the range of maybe 20 people perhaps.    Mr. Fallon. One facility, yes, sir.    Mr. Fallon. Yes, I would definitely say that. It's a very popular topic of interest with our veterans.    Mr. Fallon. We do not, sir. We do not have a method of gauging demand for service dogs.    Mr. Fallon. That would be outside of my purview, sir. I couldn't say.    Mr. Fallon. Yes ----    Mr. Lynch.--in ----    Mr. Fallon.--Ranking Member ----    Mr. Lynch.--the pilot program?    Mr. Fallon. Yes, absolutely. The problem was that we were relying on the service dog organization's trainers to interact with our veterans, and that resulted in us not getting timely information about problems that had developed with the dog pairs, which is why we now have hired our own dog trainers.    Mr. Fallon. After the difficulties we had with the pilot study, we did site visits of ----    Mr. Fallon. The pilot study you started in 2011, sir ----    Mr. Fallon. Well, for the pilot, sir, we relied up on the organizations themselves, all of which professed to be very experienced and to be able to produce high-quality dogs. And unfortunately, that did not turn out to be true.    Mr. Fallon. Admittedly, we were not familiar enough with the service dog community when we embarked on the pilot study. There's no question that we've made mistakes.    Mr. Fallon. We were not adequately familiar with the service dog community and the pitfalls in that community when we embarked on our pilot study. There's no question about that.    Mr. Fallon. I am not sure the exact figure. It would be somewhere above $1 million, though, in the pilot study.    Mr. Fallon. No, $1 million, sir. The $12 million figure is for the entire phase 1 and phase 2 together.    Mr. Fallon. No, sir, it wasn't just the veterinary standards. It was--there were training standards involved and also follow-up by the organization's dog trainers. All those things ended up to be a major problem.    Mr. Fallon. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fallon. Into the study, sir, or into VA in a wider ----    Mr. Fallon. Well, we were directed by Congress to do this study, sir, and that has been my focus is to do this research study. There are other portions of the VA that have ----    Mr. Fallon. To complete this study successfully.    Mr. Fallon. Well, we are doing them now, sir. I mean, we have retooled and learned from our mistakes ----    Mr. Fallon. Pardon me?    Mr. Fallon. We expect the data collection to be complete by late 2018, and then the paper would be published thereafter.