    Ms. Shirley. Good morning, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the committee. I am pleased to be here today to talk about this--to discuss Oregon's perspective on the reasonable and prudent alternatives. My name is Christine Shirley, and I work with communities directly on implementation of the National Flood Insurance Program in Oregon, as the State NFIP coordinator.    I am going to present an abbreviated version of some written testimony that I have submitted.    So, as Mr. DeFazio mentioned, Oregon has been a pioneer in implementing a statewide land-use program. This was implemented 40 years ago. And it preserves local control and responsibility for land-use decisions while establishing an overarching set of goals known as our 19 land-use planning goals, which, at its core, direct new development into towns and cities, protect rural areas for farm and forest use, and evaluate environmental impacts at the planning level, rather than at the permit-by-permit level that is the case in some States, many States.    So, now Oregon is at the forefront of a Federal directive through these reasonable and prudent alternatives to incorporate an additional layer of land-use management in the special flood hazard areas.    So I want to emphasize that the State of Oregon supports the principle of sound flood plain management, because we believe it protects people, property, habitat function, and economic vitality. And, as a result, the State has strenuously endeavored to be a good partner with our Federal counterparts at FEMA and the National Marine Fisheries Service during the multiyear consultation that resulted in the reasonable and prudent alternative, and will continue to participate vigorously in the years ahead.    And since the RPA was released in April, we have learned a few things, recognized a few challenges. And primary among the lessons is the importance of early involvement of the States and local governments in the crafting of any future reasonable and prudent alternatives.    The State was only allowed limited interaction with the Federal agencies during the consultation period, and we are now faced with a really difficult task of having to fit a consultation that didn't really involve us and doesn't really fit with the Oregon land-use planning system; we have to fit that RPA into our existing land-use program. It would have been easier if we had had the opportunity to do that fitting earlier on.    In the same vein, it is important now that FEMA involve local governments in the development of implementation strategies for the RPA, and that FEMA understand local government timelines and resources in setting their implementation targets for the RPA.    The State has been told by FEMA, for example, that they intend to develop guidance to implement interim measures set forth in the RPA by April of 2017, which is only 9 months away, and then have local governments adopt changes into their permitting programs to reflect that guidance. And that schedule of less than 2 years is not possible to be implemented for 232 communities in Oregon.    And likewise, the schedule for adopting revised flood insurance rate maps that are called for in the RPA over the next decade, it must pay attention to State and local processes and budgets and resources. And realistically, the State can't manage an aggressive map adoption process as called for in the RPA. And just by way of example, the FEMA map modernization program took over 10 years to implement in a much smaller number of communities.    To their credit, both FEMA and NMFS have emphasized outreach after the RPA was released, and scheduled immediately with us some webinars that local government and the State were involved in. And then we hosted 10 regional meetings throughout the State with FEMA and NMFS, where we talked about the RPA and heard from local governments what their concerns were.    And we learned many important things, such as the need to get credit and leverage Oregon's existing land-use planning program, to contextualize the RPA within the watershed management program, and not just focus directly on flood plains, develop a mitigation banking program, and to limit uncertainty around changing rules, maps, and timelines that can dampen development investment.    The State is concerned that the recommended changes to the flood plain mapping protocols as set forth in element 3 of the RPA would dramatically increase the footprint of the special flood hazard areas and regulation therein called for in the RPA, and----    Ms. Shirley. Yes. And those could have a significant negative economic impact.    So, in conclusion, the changes brought about by this consultation must not be overlaid on top of our existing system, but be woven into it, and that is going to take some time and resources and dedicated staff at the Federal level.    Thank you very much, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Shirley. Yes, we share that concern. We also believe that the RPA, as it exists today and can hopefully be negotiated further in the future, allows for redevelopment projects that incorporate some improvement to the salmon habitat without stopping development altogether.    So I think there is a middle ground there. And through the work groups and working with FEMA we hope to find that middle ground.    Ms. Shirley. It could be difficult. The RPA is not cast in stone. It does have a little bit of flexibility, and we need to find and leverage those flexibilities.    Ms. Shirley. Yes. I believe we have identified a couple places where our State laws may need to change. And--but most importantly, the local communities will need to change their regulations to comply. And that is a huge challenge.    Ms. Shirley. Yes. We are evaluating that, the measure 49 issue at my office. And measure 49 has a off-ramp for activities that reduce hazards. And so, to the extent to which the RPAs reduce hazard, they would likely not be measure 49----    Ms. Shirley. Yes, exactly. That is where I was going next. But if the RPA does not directly relate to hazard reduction, then there could potentially be measure 49 claims.    Ms. Shirley. That is exactly why we want to work with FEMA to----    Ms. Shirley. Well, FEMA and NMFS. But yes, it is our intention not to create unbuildable lands.    Ms. Shirley. To the maximum extent that we are able to do. But we do have that----    Ms. Shirley. It could be difficult.    Ms. Shirley. It is going to be a tough road to hoe.