    Mr. Ramsey. Thank you, sir. And again, thank you, Chairman Mica, for coming to Louisiana and viewing what devastation and what we've been going through for the past 3 weeks and for calling this hearing. I think that's extremely important.    I want to reiterate what my two mayoral colleagues have said. I agree with every point that they've made on FEMA. My experience with the FEMA representatives on the ground is that they're actually caring people that feel the hurt and the needs of the citizens of our area. The problem is, their hands are tied. The bureaucratic maze that they have to weave their way through to get anything done is impossible.    The other issue is that, from what I've seen, probably 50 percent or more of them are either rookies that have no experience with the previous disaster or part-time employees that have no previous experience. We had a large group that were brought in from Puerto Rico that really has no idea what Louisiana is about and what we're going through in this area. They're good people. They're trying. Their hands are tied. They cannot do anything.    There's--there's too many rules. There's too--too much of an effort to make this a cookie-cutter approach. I've heard 100 times, look how much we've improved since Katrina, and I said: In all due respect, I see no improvement since Katrina. This is not Katrina. This is a blue collar community where the people work. They go outside. They want to come back. They to fix their homes, and they want to get back to work, and that's what these two mayors are telling you, and it's the same thing in the city of Walker.    I think we're getting no national attention because there's a national misconception about Louisiana. We're not below sea level. We don't all border on the ocean. We aren't all on a river that floods. My city is east of Denham Springs. It's 6 miles from the Amite River, it's 100 miles from the coast. It's 32 to 40 feet above sea level. I can give you statistics from Wikipedia, and I know that's not a scientific basis, but San Francisco at 11 feet; Boston at 20; New York City at 13; Portland at 27; Philadelphia at 21; and they list Washington, D.C. as 16 feet above sea level. My city flooded at 32 to 40 feet above sea level.    The problem is our flooding was different this time. Yes, we had a catastrophic rain event. We were prepared for a heavy rain event. We have a really good meteorologist in Baton Rouge, and he called us and told us: Be prepared for a 1983 flood event. We were. Our canals were cleaned, our culverts were emptied, everything was ready. We expected double digit rains. It's not unexpected for our area. We get a lot of double-digit rains in Louisiana. We've endured Juan, we've endured Allison, we've endured Rita, Katrina, an unnamed storm of 2013. 17 inches of rain is nothing unusual. We got 27. Yes, that's unusual, but that was over a 7-day period.    Our drainage was holding. Lake Pontchartrain, Lake Manchac were at low levels because there was a westerly wind. Our drainage was holding. On Saturday afternoon, when the rain stopped, I believe that was the 13th, water fell 3 to 4 inches in water--in Walker, 3 to 4 inches. People quit worrying. They went into their homes, they drank a beer, they watched TV, they were celebrating, and at 10, 11 o'clock at night, water came up to their beds.    We had a wall of water come down Interstate 12, 5 to 6 feet in depth. This interstate was just completed less than 2 years ago. It's the city's contention that we raise the flood elevation in our city by 5 to 6 feet. Areas that would not have flooded, flooded. Yes, it's 1,000-year flood. We would have had minor to moderate flooding in Walker. Instead, we had catastrophic flooding in Walker. We had homes that were built above the base flood elevation that took 3 feet of water.    My personal home had over 5 feet of water, built in '73 and never flooded, through every rain event since 1973--excuse me, 79, never flooded.    This is unacceptable. We have a situation in southern Louisiana where a barricade is being built across our interstate system. Good intentions. Absolutely good intentions. It was to save lives, because we had lots of collisions on the interstate. We lost 13 lives in flooding, but you're not hearing about in the city of Walker where a 67-year-old man put a rifle to his temple in the Best Western Plus and killed himself 2 days after the flooding, or the mother who took a knife and cut the throat of an 8-year-old daughter and then killed herself after the flooding.    Did the flooding cause that directly? No, I can't say that. Was it a contributing factor? I think there's no doubt, and I think everybody agrees with that.    I've submitted pictures to your group. I've submitted thumb drives to your group. I would love for you all to review them, the videos that show this.    You know, we--we are--we're not a group that likes to go out and ask for help. The hardest thing I've had to do is to ask people to help me in my home. Louisiana people, country people, they take care of themselves. This has been devastating.    I'm looking for it to be even worse. And the biggest problem I have right now, and I'm going to--I don't know if I'm stepping on you all's toes or expanding on it, but as I understand the Biggert-Waters Flood Act, once you claim a flood event, then your flooding insurance goes to 100 percent. If it goes to 100 percent and you have flooded, you're going to be paying, from what I've seen locally from people that sold their houses, anywhere between $800 to $2,000 a month for flood insurance per month, depending on your home. What that is going to do is bankrupt that area, banks, mortgage companies, because people will walk away from their homes. They cannot afford a mortgage and flood insurance at that rate.    We have got to reform that. We've got to give assurances to the people that they're not going to have to elevate their homes. We've got to give assurances to the people that their flood insurance is not going to become so on onerous on them that they cannot afford to pay a mortgage.    If it's truly 1,000-year flood as we've heard, exempt them from the Biggert-Waters Act. Do not penalize them for being flooded at a time when this shouldn't have happened.    I--you know, I could go on, as everybody here could. I see I'm over--beyond my time. There's every personal story that you could want. You talk to us afterwards, we'll be happy to tell you about. And I'm sorry I got off on a tangent on the issue of the interstate, but there is no doubt in our minds--I had a very renown meteorologist tells me that anybody that looks at those pictures and says that that did not impact flooding is insane. Thank you.    Mr. Ramsey. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ramsey. No, ma'am.    Mr. Ramsey. I meant this is a suburban community versus a city community, which there is--it's a totally different individual that is traveling to their work. They don't walk to their work. They don't have issues. I would like to comment, though, if I may, on the last statement.    Mr. Ramsey. One of the biggest problems that we had was there was no communication. AT&T failed completely through Livingston Parish. There was no cell phone communication. Verizon was sketchy. AT&T was out. Getting into our parish communications center was very difficult, to say the least. They were overwhelmed. I know that when I finally got the National Guard to deliver water and MREs to Walker, they delivered it to a staging area 4 miles from where the disaster actually was.    And when people have no transportation, it makes it impossible for them to get to that area to get the supplies that they need. I even tried to deliver. But then going back into FEMA regulations, they would not allow me to load up a city car with cases of water and MREs to take to the area. They said they had to be broken into individual bottles, individual MRE packets, and counted for each one they put into my vehicle before I could take it out of their staging center and into the area where the people needed it.    Mr. Ramsey. I would. With your permission, though, prior to that, since the Katrina comment issued a nerve, I want to make sure that they understand: The context that that was made in was that I was told by FEMA that they had learned many lessons since Katrina. This was in my statement, that you can't use a cookie-cutter approach. You cannot use one method to make everything work.    Katrina was different because the city flooded and everybody was evacuated and it was weeks, if not months, before people were allowed back. The people in our area came back 2 to 3 days later, and FEMA was trying to treat it the same way. You know, they had days, weeks, months for some of the response to the homes in New Orleans. They don't have that in Livingston Parish because people are there gutting their homes 2 days after the water went down.    And, Mr. Richmond, in all due respect, it was not a reflection on the people of New Orleans versus the people of Livingston. It was the comment that was made to me by FEMA representatives who said they had learned so many lessons since Katrina. So I want to make sure that statement's straight and there's no misunderstanding. And, yes, part of it is, in the heat of the moment, sometimes things are said that aren't taken directly in context.    I will confirm what Mayor Landry said. Mark Wilson has been very good to help us out. He's been frustrated. I didn't even get an assistance center until I read on Facebook that they were putting one in Livingston. How many homes did Livingston flood? Do you know? I think there were maybe three or four.    I went over to the assistance center that was set up in Livingston. I walked in the room. There were 10 FEMA people helping 1 person. And I said, ``What the heck are you guys doing here? Why aren't you at Walker--I know you can't get to Denham yet, but why aren't you at Walker?''    ``We don't have a place to set up.''    ``You can have my courtroom.''    ``We can use your--"    ``right now. Come on.''    At noon, they were there. They helped 300 people in the next 2 days, and they were backed out till 7 and 8 o'clock at night every night after that.    My DRC only went up Sunday. Now, 3 weeks ago or 2-1/2 weeks ago, they asked me if I wanted a DRC. ``Yes, sir.''    ``You find me a location.''    So I found all of the dry warehouse space that we had left in Walker on Burgess or Florida, and I didn't hear back from them for a week.    A week later, I called and I said, ``Mark, what happened to my DRC?''    ``Well, they're having trouble trying to figure out if these are usable.''    I said, ``Well, that's not acceptable.''    Well, they sent somebody out, we reviewed each place, they rejected all of them. So they set up our DRC in Sidney Hutchinson Park on an asphalt lot with portable air conditioners. But, again, it's 3 to 5 miles away from where the disaster hit. It's hard for people to get out there.    So that's been my issue, is locations seem to be convenient for FEMA, not what works best for the area that you're in.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mayor.    I want to recognize that we've been joined in the hearing by Senator Landrieu, who I know has been in this exact situation in the past and worked tirelessly on the recovery of Hurricane Katrina and certainly has some insight for many of us here today.    Thank you for being here.    And I went to yield to our distinguished majority whip, Congressman Scalise.    And, Congressman, obviously, my earlier comments were in jest. We appreciate what you're doing.    So I recognize the gentleman from Louisiana for questions.    Mr. Ramsey. Absolutely.    Mr. Ramsey. People need some reassurance that there's a hope, that there's a future, and they need it now.