    Chairman Burns. I look forward to hearing your testimony, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Burns. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the NRC's licensing policies as they might apply to current and prospective Department of Energy nuclear energy research and development programs.    In January, the NRC marked its 40th anniversary as the independent agency in the United States responsible for licensing and regulating civilian uses of radioactive materials and nuclear facilities to ensure the production--protection--excuse me--of public health and safety, the common defense and security and the environment.    The NRC's regulatory program has been substantially strengthened over the years based in part on what we have learned from both domestic as well as international operating experience. Staff has made significant progress in preparing to review design certification applications for small modular reactors, one of which is expected to be submitted in late 2016.    And finally, the NRC is taking initial steps to prepare for the review and licensing of non-light-water reactor designs, which are the subject and focus of today's hearing.    Our cooperation with the Department of Energy on topics of mutual interest dates back to the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 when the old Atomic Energy Commission was split into two separate organizations, the Energy Research and Development Administration, which later became part of the Department of Energy, and the NRC.    The skills and experience base of NRC and DOE are highly complementary. The mandate to correct--or to conduct R&D programs including civilian nuclear energy research, development and demonstration ensures that the Department of Energy has a deep technical capacity in a wide range of nuclear technologies. The NRC as an independent body focuses on licensing and oversight of commercial nuclear power operations to ensure public health and safety.    The mutually beneficial relationship across the nuclear plant lifecycle pays dividends to both agencies. DOE has been a key technical partner as the NRC moves toward gaining expertise in non-light-water technologies and looks to adapt its licensing framework.    The statutory authorities governing cooperation between NRC and DOE are well established. Our role in a project located at a DOE site is shaped by the purposes and function of the proposed project. Depending on the specific goal and purpose of the project, NRC could have licensing and regulatory authority over some types of facilities that are envisioned, for example, in H.R. 1158. For example, the Atomic Energy Act currently authorizes the NRC to issue licenses for production and utilization facilities for commercial purposes or licenses for research and development purposes.    The NRC has substantial experience in reactor licensing processes that are well established and which have been applied to an array of reactor technologies. We've determined that our current reactor design or licensing regulations are adequate for conducting reviews of advanced reactor applications. However, we recognize the potential gaps in understanding of acceptance criteria for both the NRC staff and applicants.    To better understand the opportunities for most efficiently adapting the current regulatory framework for non-light-water reactors, the agency has reviewed our licensing processes and infrastructure. We had a report in 2012 to Congress on advanced reactor licensing, and it included such recommendations as the need for additional research in areas such as materials and structural analysis, the need for appropriate computational tools for use in application reviews, and ensuring that appropriately trained and experienced staff are able to perform the reviews. We'll continue to develop our capability to evaluate non-light-water designs that may proceed to commercial maturity at a pace consistent with appropriated resources and Congressional direction.    We don't favor one particular technology over another, but through open communication with the non-light-water community and developers, and with the DOE, we're able to better optimize our planning and resources to conduct licensing reviews when a complete and technically sufficient application is presented for our consideration. We'll continue to work closely with DOE within our respective legal mandates to look for additional joint opportunities to make overall reactor development and licensing processes as transparent and as navigable as possible to reactor designs and potential applicants. In fact, we plan to hold a series of public workshops with the DOE starting this September to engage further with the designers, applicants, industry groups and the public.    In closing, I'll note that the NRC remains a technically adept and widely respected independent regulator domestically and internationally. Drawing on our experience and licensing processes to protect public health and safety, we have taken a number of steps to prepare ourselves for the future while we also recognize the important and complementary role the DOE plays.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee today, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Burns. Yes. We came into existence at the beginning of 1975.    Mr. Burns. We have a 40th birthday this year.    Mr. Burns. Certainly. As you say, with the assumption that it's a DOE facility or created and constructed on behalf of the Department of Energy, we're still able to provide technical assistance and support to the Department. It's similar--it would be similar to what we do in the naval reactors area. We provide naval reactors reviews of new submarine reactor designs, and not only submarines, I think more recently an aircraft carrier design. So under basically reimbursable agreements, we will look at those technologies and can provide that kind of assistance. It also in some respects can benefit us to the extent that in the future, we may have similar type technology come before us in our own licensing role. We can gain experience that way.    Mr. Burns. I think it could be, and again, I think the point I was trying to make in the testimony was that when you do the evaluations and the testing--and the Department would be doing it at a high-quality level. I don't mean to cast any aspersion. But again, if you're looking for transferability from the Department's context and then ultimately to, say, a commercial context, the more you have conformity or harmony between the two organizations, the more useful I think in the long term the outcomes or the information you glean will be.    Mr. Burns. Yes. It's not--and it's not only the being able to observe or see the results but it's also the processes through which the results are obtained.    Mr. Burns. I think--again, I hope I can make this clear. Again, if it's--if the project is on or--on behalf of or for the benefit of the Department of Energy within its authorities, it's not licensed by the NRC. To the extent if you had--I think maybe an example might help. If you had a private company essentially creating on a DOE site a commercial venture, that would be licensable by the NRC. That's what I'm intending to say.    Mr. Burns. Well, we have a licensing process that has been, in some forms has actually been in place since the earliest days of nuclear--implementation of nuclear technology, even under the Atomic Energy Act. The NRC moved to what we call a one-step licensing, which is being used by some of the newer plants that are under construction today about 25 years ago, which also provided for design certification. So we have the basic processes. I think the processes that can get through would apply and would work in these circumstances. I think where we're looking forward and talking with DOE as well is the areas in terms of where you're moving from light-water technology to the advanced technologies, and we need to understand how do our acceptance criteria fit that? Do you need exemptions from that? Are there other considerations? So that's the primary area where we've been focused, and I think trying to look forward we need to focus.    Mr. Burns. I think probably I'm somewhere in the middle, probably more on the notion--again, the notion is, I think we know how to license nuclear power plants in this country. Where we--I think where we stand ready and able is to engage with potential developers who are interested in the new technologies to understand the issues they have, to understand--and so they also understand what they need to do in order to meet the safety requirements that the agency sets, and again, I think how that can happen is early engagement with the agency in terms of understanding what some of those issues are.    So again, when I've looked at--you know, my understanding in terms of an application, the application costs in terms of what it costs to go to the NRC is somewhere on the order of $45-70 million. That's the application fee. Now, that's a small part of their development costs. What we can do again, I think, is engage and assure that they're not off track or that they're on track in terms of the safety requirements that we require them to meet.    Mr. Burns. Again, depending again whether a license or the certifying the design itself, which then can be referenced in other licenses. In both circumstances, I think based on my consultation with my staff, we think we could that on the order of five years. That's probably a little longer than our objective on current light-water technologies. It was more like about 3-1/2 years. But given that they're new, I think it's probably safe to say on the order of the five years.    Mr. Burns. Well, again, I think as experience is gained, I think the timing could be reduced, but there are in addition to meeting or showing that you demonstrate conformance to the safety standards also requirments to go through the National Environmental Policy Act processes, again, I think for new--the current technology for new reactors, we set, I think about a 3-1/2-year goal.    Mr. Burns. It's a little under 3,700 currently.    Mr. Burns. Yes, we have, primarily, you know, our technical and yes, it's very, very highly skilled in a number of engineering as well as scientific disciplines.    Mr. Burns. The current budget is about $1 billion. Actually over the next few years I expect that to be smaller, in part because the number of new reactors that we originally anticipated, say, ten years ago are not--the volume is not going to be there, so that's the primary reason I'd say we're going down.    Mr. Burns. Yes, I think so. We have--in terms of the civil service laws and provisions, we are able to pay well. We get good experts that have--sometimes will have industry experience but also academic experience, and I'm very proud of our staff.    Mr. Burns. That's correct.    Mr. Burns. Right now, we have 99 operating nuclear power plants in the United States. I'd expect by the end of the year, early next year, a 100th will come online. That's the TVA's Watts Bar 2. And there are, just to expand a little bit for your benefit----    Mr. Burns. There are four other plants under construction in South Carolina and--two in South Carolina and in Georgia currently.    Mr. Burns. I might have to give you that for the record. I think we have on the order of about seven, but I might be off by one or two there. We have--for example, we recently authorized a license for DTE Electric near Detroit. We expect to have a hearing late this year on South Texas 3 and 4 in Texas, and there are a couple others as well.    Mr. Burns. Well, again, I think our objective is for the license, for the combined license for the new plants is that we run about 3-1/2 years, so about 42 months. We have a required hearing----    Mr. Burns. No, no, no.    Mr. Burns. Oh, yes.    Mr. Burns. Right.    Mr. Burns. But that's why I'm saying, it's about a 42-month or 3-1/2-year objective to complete the licensing for a combined license that we issue now. That would assume that you have a certified design. So you take the design, say, a Westinghouse design. You reference it in the combined license. So it takes about that. Some of those, as you say, are longer.    Mr. Burns. I'm trying to think. The current experience I think with the Vogtle plant, it's been about--they've been under--it'll be about six to eight years.    Mr. Burns. Yes, it's a major----    Mr. Burns. And they've had some construction difficulties on the way so they were responsible about addressing those, so that's provided some delay.    Mr. Burns. All right. I'm going to be a little challenged on that, but basically the newer technologies, say, thorium is another, would be used instead of uranium, for example, as a fuel. They may be cooled by different means. You have the molten salt reactor, you have the high-temperature gas reactor. The technologies do different things. You know what? I would be pleased to have the technical staff, give you maybe a brief rundown or something, maybe a sort of shortened form.    Mr. Burns. Yes, and the heavy water, for example, Canadians, the CANDU reactor uses heavy water. It's--again, it's the chemical characteristic of the water itself that's used. As I say, I'm starting to get a little bit out of my comfort zone.    Mr. Burns. Yes.    Mr. Burns. Thank you for the question. Again, we're probably at some of those sort of gray areas where the line is, and probably in looking--you know, if we're getting to that point, I think that would benefit us and I think also the Department's understanding what the purposes of the project are.    Again, the bright line, as you say, would have to be if it's basically a contractor to DOE for the benefit of DOE. I'm phrasing it that way because that's clearly on the DOE side.    Again, where it--what I don't want to leave I think is the impression that any possibility that it may have an ultimately translated into a commercial benefit down the line means necessarily that it's--you know, it's NRC's jurisdiction. That's where I think we have to look carefully what it is.    Again, the easier--perhaps the easier example is if the demonstration plant is--DOE is providing the land for the demonstration plant, it is being hooked to the grid and that type of aspect, that I believe would be our jurisdiction.    I think what it is, this may be one of these things where we have to look at it carefully in order to give a complete answer, I think.    Mr. Burns. Sure.    Mr. Burns. Yes, and I----    Mr. Burns. Our regulatory scheme is based primarily on the Atomic Energy Act, which says we need to establish as a baseline adequate protection of public health and safety and common defense and security, and at that point you have to reach that threshold. Above that threshold we do in effect include cost-benefit analysis in terms of assessing whether above the minimum required for safety, is there a benefit, is there a substantial additional safety benefit for additional things. So in that respect, beyond the base requirements, we would consider in fact costs and benefits of additional regulation.    Mr. Burns. The way we anticipate potential new designs is by staying in communication with Department of Energy--we have a good, cooperative relationship with the Department of Energy--but also hearing from potential designers and potential applicants. We encourage them to come and meet with us to lay out what their plans are, and hearing from the industry what their expectations are, and the second part of your--I'm sorry. I forgot the second part of your question.    Mr. Burns. I'm sorry.    Mr. Burns. Okay.    Mr. Burns. That would be fine.    Mr. Burns. Well, we've completed decommissioning or oversight of decommissioning of a number of very early generation plants, and I think currently there's something like five--I think five are decommissioning. There may be a few more than that currently.    Mr. Burns. No, I don't believe so.    Mr. Burns. Well, under the Atomic Energy Act, for a nuclear reactor, a license may be issued for an initial term of 40 years, and it can be renewed. We have about 75 of the current plants of the current fleet that have--their licenses have been renewed. So the----    Mr. Burns. Well, it can be--much of the fleet has been or is approaching 40 years, and a number--some of the plants have gone into the license renewal----    Mr. Burns. Well, Mr. Rohrabacher, what--the obligation we have now is, we're required to recover 90 percent of our appropriation through fees, and so basically somebody can come in, and I think that some of their difficulty, is coming in, paying the fee for the design review before they may have a customer or before they have sort of secure financing. You know, I acknowledge on the other side that that can be an issue for them, and I think that's part of what this Committee is trying to explore.    The other piece of it is, it's really a question on priority of design review because, again, as we have an appropriation, we don't have unlimited resources so that if there isn't a customer for a particular design, that means it may not have a priority. But, for example, currently we have accepted the design--we do have a design certification under review for which there isn't a current customer in the United States. That's because we can--again, they're willing to put up the fees and we can accommodate within the current resources.    So there may be ways to address that that sort of go perhaps beyond what the NRC's role----