    Dr. Wergin. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to address you this morning.    My name is Dr. Robert Wergin. I chair the American Academy of Family Physicians board of directors. The AAFP is an organization of 120,000 members. I am pleased to be asked to speak about Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act implementation.    First of all, I want to thank all of you for your effective bipartisan leadership in repealing the much-despised Medicare SGR and putting into place payment reforms that clearly emphasize value-based health care.    More importantly, thank you for putting together legislation that will make a real and positive different in the lives of your constituents.    MACRA implementation will be a major shift in Medicare in a very short period of time. These changes, as dramatic as they may be in the coming years, are consistent with the key principles of practice transformation that the AAFP has supported for over a decade.    For example, almost 10 years ago the AAFP, along with four major primary care organizations developed the joint principles for the patients that are in a medical home that promotes coordinated care, quality and safety and patient access.    Consistent with those principle we believe that the practice transformation necessary to make MACRA successful will mean better care for patients, better professional experiences for our physicians and better control of healthcare costs.    We hope it will also bring back the joy of the practice of medicine to our members. As I travel from State to State meeting with AAFP chapters I hear a lot of anxiety related to MACRA, particularly for my colleagues in rural and underserved areas.    I challenge my colleagues to be optimistic. MACRA reform will not be easy but it's much better than what physicians faced before the law was enacted. Instead, I urge them to take advantage of the AAFP resources they can utilize to begin transforming their practices now.    The AAFP believes MACRA is by intent and design a law aimed at transforming our healthcare delivery system into one that is based on a strong foundation of primary care.    As I fully explained in my written testimony, the whole person and complex care that primary care physicians provide helps improve patients' outcomes and constrain overall healthcare costs, which are also consistent with the law's intention.    Also, the alternative payment models will improve how healthcare systems value primary care and the services that are fundamental to disease prevention, chronic care management and population health--all areas of health care that a fee for service system cannot adequately address.    Although MACRA is among the most significant reforms to occur in decades, many of our members may not be aware of the upcoming changes or do not know their level of readiness for MACRA implementation.    As a result of that, the AAFP has launched a comprehensive multiyear member education and communications effort designed to simplify this transition.    Called MACRA Ready, the effort will include a variety of tactics designed to get the word out to our members starting with a dedicated content page on afp.org.    One of the best primers is an article in the April/March issue of Family Practice Management. Other MACRA content already available to AAFP members are MACRA 101, frequently asked questions, MACRA time line, AAFP news articles, MACRA readiness assessment tool and a MIPS APM calculator and decision tree tool as well.    The AAFP is dedicating considerable time and thought into preparing our members for MACRA and that is reflected in our wealth of available resources. The AAFP is also supporting MACRA implementation by advising CMS about the agency, how the agency might handle many features of the new law which are fully outlined in my written statement. They include but are not limited to the critical importance of an interoperable electronic health record. The AAFP has also shared recommendations regarding the importance of issuing regulations that are less cumbersome and more user friendly for physicians.    Ultimately, we believe these concerns could be address as the process moves forward and we truly believe that the vision for practice transformation, better patient care, lowering costs and return to the love of the practice of medicine is achievable.    Once again, I want to thank you for your kind invitation to speak about MACRA and its implementation. I look forward to answering your questions.    Dr. Wergin. They can go to our Web site and look at the resources we have.    But for a starting point is recognize quality measures we hope that can be standardized and the collaborative quality measures will be measured and report to PQRS. You need to be a meaningful use provider of electronic health records, which can be challenging.    In my own practice, I made it on the 90th day in the last few hours. I had to call two patients to call me with a question, which was hard because I practice in a Mennonite community who don't have TVs or radios and they don't have computers. So I had to find some non-Mennonites.    You need to do that, and we recommend to our members to move towards the patient-centered medical home. In the MIPS or eventually an alternative payment model we feel that's where you need to move.    Even under MIPS on the fourth criteria you'll get full credit for that, and we believe that's a better delivery of care.    Dr. Wergin. Well, I think it's--I hope this is on--I think it's a challenge for our diverse group. We go from rural communities like mine of 2,000 people up to large healthcare systems. So we have to go where our members are.    But I think in the long run it still comes down to comprehensive coordinated care. That's what we can provide to an APM. When I go out to States, I am kind of amazed. A lot of people have heard of MACRA but not a lot of details. So we try to begin the education. They're holding back.    We said now is the time to act and move forward to, you know, to being the transformation of your practices to prepare for MACRA.    So we have tools on our Web sites. When I'm there talking to them for the smaller practice virtual groups or the TPNs or some of the assist granted money that that way can do it to band together and create the infrastructure to keep them alive.    They're important and when they complain I said, do you want to go back to 20 percent cut. In my practice, it's 35 percent Medicare. It would have probably been the end of my practice. I couldn't boutique it. They're my neighbors.    I can't say I can't see Medicare anymore. Couldn't anyway from a business plan. So we want to prepare all our members in whatever form their practices take and give them the resource to prepare for it.    Dr. Wergin. Yes.    Dr. Wergin. I would say the same, and our response is we feel like they're listening and we respond and try to be very specific and positive in what we would suggest and a key thing is keep it simple and reduce our administrative burden.    Dr. Wergin. I would just say personally and for my members we're excited about the opportunity to value primary care appropriately which hasn't always been done and it was mentioned we need more primary care family physicians across this country in any setting--urban, rural, under served--and that's an opportunity that finally moved us up to the plate. We're excited about transforming our practices to patient-centered medical homes whether they be in the MIPS or APM models because our studies show that the physicians are happier.    They're there to see patients, not click boxes, not try to meet all these arbitrary guidelines or requirements, and I think that's what team-based patient-centered medical home can do.    So I think valuing primary care more appropriately will give us resources to think outside the box, not face to face care all the time--all the other parameters that we can use. So we're excited about it.    Dr. Wergin. Well, I think one of the things we supplied to CMS is if you base your quality payments or your value-based payments on the old fee for service world, we were relatively under valued. So we hope that they won't use those criteria--the complexity and intensity of visits we have.    But in general, I think we're not afraid to be--step forward and have that comprehensive coordinated care piece that we do and I'd be remiss if I didn't mention quality measures.    When I have diabetics come into my practice and say what should my numbers be, doctor, I have to ask them what insurance do you have because if you're Blue Cross, it's this--if it's United Health Care, it's that.    Huge opportunity for MACRA to say these are evidence-based standardized guidelines. Then I know what the field is like and can get them there.    Dr. Wergin. Well, again, it goes back to the payers and I think CMS has had a collaborative group, said 21, not 165--that's the other thing that can be great.    Usually in my area with six or seven different plans, payers, it's set by the payer and there is physician input in that but they vary slightly, each one. So you can be a prime five-star physician in one and a one-star bum in the other, just depending on where you're at and how they set their parameters.    Dr. Wergin. I could start off. The one area that I think it's interoperability of electronic health record, and again, being a rural family physician that treats children to adults who sometimes or in other urban ERs I get 18-page fax notes from an ER that I have to go in and ask the patient why did you go to the ER and what did they do--I can see your mother was of Mediterranean descent but I don't think that's why you went to the ER. There's lots of information there. It's faxed into my record, making it nonsearchable.    So I think one thing we could do is set a platform to push the vendors to say you have to have some level of interoperability that it will help me take care of your mother or your child when I have to coordinate that care, and that's important.    And one other point I'd make, if you look at Medicare expenditures 1 percent costs 23 percent, 5 percent costs 50 percent, I think the rule of thumb there is don't let them get in the 5 percent or 1 percent. That's my job.    Dr. Wergin. I had a comment about the virtual risk and, especially, again, being in a small practice, which, you know, there are actuarial pools of patients, but if you're in a small, limited area or geographic, you can do it with virtual groups to get larger numbers of patients.    But how do you define what the nominal risk is for that pool, and that comes down also to the attribution process. We'd hope it would be prospectus--that we know what patients were.    In primary care we're responsible for and set up treatment plans and ahead of time rather than how it usually is. You get a list of patients and say who are these 10 people--I don't even know who they are.    So we need to know that, but a way to make these smaller practices pull together if that's how they're going to define nominal risk.    Dr. Wergin. Yes, I think the rural providers that I represent and I represent personally--I am one--that you have limited resource. Mental health services, for one, are tough. That's where telehealth might be able to help us. But we need infrastructure to do that.    I mean, they don't do it. But really finding the resources in your communities and identifying them and you have to be in--meaning using church groups. I use church groups for people that run out of food and it's kind of nice because I don't have to give them 5 years of tax forms and all that. I just call the minister and say, this lady is out of food. So identifying resources in my rural areas and the challenges there.    The other thing is burnout. Your patients love you and they almost love you to death. In primary care, our care is delivered. We're a continuous time in a relationship, tremendous confidence in my care.    Sometimes I even have trouble getting patients to go to other providers and like Dr. Bucshon--they say, well, can't you put my new aortic valve in, Dr. Wergin, and I have to say no, I got to draw the line somewhere on comprehensive.    So I think that relationship-based care, and then I think the other thing we see is how do you recruit people--the millennials into rural-based care and in rural States I'm sure you face that is how do you--debt relief, there's carrots out there you can give them but who's going to take my place, et cetera.    But the resource utilization you have, especially care, is usually miles away but they're great in creating that and systems like in Wisconsin are a way to do it.    But it's a rewarding career but we have to sell that to the medical students and mainly their wives because they're going to move to a rural area.    Dr. Wergin. I just had a brief comment. Moving away from a face to face volume-based system to an APM will give you the resources that is focused on the patient and the patient-centered home it starts with the name patient, and that's what it means.    You focus on the patient, the care they need, when they need it and that's been addressed. So I think APMs can move not to just save money because I'm interested in that--more importantly, I want to improve the health of the community I live in.