    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to Ms. Whelan and General Votel for testifying here today and for your service and leadership to our Nation. General Votel, I wanted to congratulate you and wish you my best for what I am sure will be a swift confirmation for Central Command.    I wanted to direct my questions to you, General Votel. At your recommendation I recently met with Mr. James Geurts, Director of SOF Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics about SOFWERX, which you and I discussed.    And I was encouraged by their willingness to embrace and support innovation in unique ways. Can you just describe to the committee today why you think SOFWERX is important and what new initiatives have come from it?    General Votel. Yes. Thanks. And thanks for your recent visit. We are very glad to host you down there.    So what SOFWERX does for us is it provides us a publically available platform where we can bring members of academia, members of industry, a variety of others into our spaces, and we can collaborate on problems that we have, as perhaps you may have seen or heard a little bit more about that from Mr. Geurts.    What we are able to do is we are able to take advantage of technology, laser printing, other things that are right there for us to do rapid prototyping. Rapid prototyping is, I think, is one of the biggest lessons that we have learned out of this.    We can bring operators together with scholars, with members of industry. We can address hard problems. And as we look at the solutions that industry provides to us we can provide them immediate feedback from an operator who will say why this won't work or why it might work or what we might do to it to make it better.    And then we can immediately model that through the, kind of the magic of laser printing right here and immediately look at how that might work. So I think it is changing. It is helping us address hard problems.    It is helping us identify solutions faster. And it is changing the way that we look at acquisition in Special Operations Command. Much more collaborative, much more focused on rapid prototyping, and much more focused on being open and available to industry and academia.    Ms. Stefanik. I appreciate that comment. My follow-up, which you answered, was about how this work can influence how DOD conducts acquisition and procurement. And I think your example of rapid prototyping and getting the best and brightest minds from industry, from tech companies, from academia is a great model.    I wanted to ask specifically, will the decrease in procurement funding by $97 million from fiscal year 2016 levels in the President's budget request impact SOFWERX's mission specifically?    General Votel. I don't expect that it is. I looked at the numbers for SOFWERX and it looks pretty consistent to me. In fact I think it is a little bit of an increase in the coming years. So I think we are in pretty good shape at SOFWERX.    Ms. Stefanik. Great. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.