    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the change in format. I will be sure to add you to the Christmas card list. Thank you for that.    Thank you, General, for being here. With respect to the AUMF, if Congress were to pass the proposed AUMF could you provide us with examples of what you could and could not do within that?    General Campbell. Thanks for your question, sir. I mean, I have not read the entire AUMF. I could tell you from looking at it briefly that what that would provide--I mean, the authorities I have today and the resources I have today I can continue to work hard at the CT mission and the train, advise, assist mission that I have.    With the AUMF, the way I understand it now, with no geographical boundaries I think I still would be able to prosecute what I need to for today. After 2015, where my authorities may change, then I would have to go back and relook that hard. But, sir, today I have no issues, as I think General Austin said from CENTCOM yesterday with that.    Mr. Aguilar. Have detention policies at all changed post 1 January?    General Campbell. Sir, absolutely. I do not have the authority to detain the insurgents. So all detainees that we would have had, they have been turned over to Afghanistan or other countries. I have no detention facilities inside of Afghanistan.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you.    One of the things we have talked about extensively is risk. Can you talk to us--and you mentioned in your testimony that it wouldn't be affected too severely, but could you add some more color to the discussion of risk associated with the proposed drawdown?    General Campbell. Sir, risk, you know, takes in a lot of different factors--the risk to the coalition and U.S. forces, the risk to the Afghan security forces. I think, again, any commander on the ground would like to have more resources, more people. We continue to work hard through that.    As I make the assessment today and take a look at many of the things as we have drawn down--I don't say withdrawal, but we are in a continuous transition. And I think for the next 2 years-plus it will be a continued transition; we have to adapt to those transitions.    But as you transition you lose people, which provides security. Most of my force protection and security is by, with, and through the Afghans as we consolidate.    We have gone from 300-plus COPs, combat outposts, and forward operating bases to less than 25 today. So that increases the risk in some areas to force protection, to security.    As you continue to transition forces you lose some resources, so the number of aircraft, the number of ISR platforms, all those things goes into the calculus as I take a look at the risk assessment both to risk to mission and to risk to force.    And again, as I looked at flexibility--President Ghani asked for flexibility. As I looked at that I did take in account all those to try to mitigate risk to force and risk to mission as we move forward.    Mr. Aguilar. Can you give us some examples--and I know it could be speculative, but could you give us some examples of things that President Ghani may discuss when he addresses Congress later this month?    General Campbell. First off, sir, with President Ghani and Dr. Abdullah, the senior--the CEO , I mean, it is really a new dynamic, and I have had to deal with President Karzai when I first got there in times afore, and I think the American people--all the people need to understand that every time President Ghani or Dr. Abdullah address a crowd they thank the international community.    They thank the U.S. in particular; they pick the U.S. out. They thank them for their support. They thank the families for the sacrifices of their sons and daughters.    You never would have heard that before, so it is a completely different atmosphere. I think the President will talk to all of you about that. I think he is quite proud of that.    He is quite proud that he has taken on his leadership role as a commander in chief. He has visited training sites. He has visited military hospitals.    He engages with the corps commanders. I mean, I attend their national security conferences. I am able to talk to them about different security issues at any time. I think he would tell you he spends probably 40 percent on security, 40 percent on the economics and where they need to go.    But I think he will really talk about, you know, where Afghanistan has come over the last 13 years, where its security forces are, where it would not be without the help of the great coalition and the U.S. in particular, not only for the men and women that have made sacrifices, for our families, but also for the economic impact that the U.S. provided, along with many other donor nations.    I think he may talk a little bit about how he sees the future and how he is going to get after corruption, and how he will continue to attack that and how he is going to broaden the perspective and deal in terms of a regional aspect, how he is engaged with Pakistan, India, China, Saudi Arabia, the entire region, and how he needs to do that both from an economic perspective but also from a security perspective.    Sir, I think he is looking forward to it, and I think all of you will find that he will be very engaging and his message will be one of thanks, but also that he has a great vision for the future of Afghanistan.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you for your continued service, General. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Knight.