    Mrs. Roby. Well, Mr. Rubin, I hope you thank Mr. Smith after the hearing for giving you a little bit of a break. I am going to ask you a series of questions now to follow up with the chairman about the processes.    We keep talking about those 40,000 documents, this universe. I want to get a better perspective from you. Is that the universe of documents? Is that your position, that 40,000 is it? Or is 40,000 one-quarter or one-half? Can you give us an idea of what this universe of documents looks like?    Mrs. Roby. Right. I am trying to get an idea of, in the entire universe of documents that we have yet to receive, as Mr. Gowdy said we are looking for all, what portion of that do the 40,000--because the 40,000 is a lot of documents. So where does that fit into the universe?    Mrs. Roby. But you don't really know at this moment where that is?    And I don't want to get hung up on that. I really want to spend the time talking about the processes that you are using to gain access.    So let's start with, are you using a centralized location to ensure that you are properly capturing all of the documents, or is it mined out to different bureaus?    Mrs. Roby. Can you tell us right now----    Mrs. Roby. Okay. Can you tell us right now how many people you have working on the production of documents that have been requested as it relates to Benghazi?    Mrs. Roby. So there is not a Benghazi group, so to speak? There is not a group of people that have been tapped to say, you are in charge of document collection for the incidents that happened and the deaths of the four Americans in Benghazi? There is not people that have been tapped for that?    Mrs. Roby. Back to my question. Is there a group of people that have been tapped as individuals to work on document collection for Benghazi? Just ``yes'' or ``no.'' Is there a group of people that have been said, you are the Benghazi group for document production?    Mrs. Roby. So, no, there is not a Benghazi group.    And if there is not a Benghazi group, then I would say, with 40,000 pages of documents that have already been produced, not knowing, you know, in the universe of documents, what percentage that 40,000 pages is, why has there not been--of the 70,000 employees that you referenced before, why has there not been a group of individuals that you have said, hey--and like the chairman mentioned before, not to take anybody off the very important task of their job, but this is an important task. This is an important issue.    So, of those 70,000 employees, why can't we just get one group of people designated within the State Department to say, hey, it is your job to respond, and respond quickly, to these requests so we can get to the truth?    Mrs. Roby. Okay.    Mrs. Roby. I am not asking about one or two. I just wanted to know if the State Department took this seriously enough that they were willing to identify a group of employees of the 70,000 whose sole job was to ensure that we get to the truth about what happened in the days and weeks, months leading up to the attack in Benghazi and then what happened afterwards.    I am going to move on. I want to know how these searches are done by the individuals across--as you have stated, across the State Department. Do they do a keyword search? Do they type in ``Libya'' or ``Benghazi'' or ``Tripoli'' for any and all records that relate to Benghazi? Or is a staff member, you know, deemed relevant and then the keyword search is completed?    I mean, what does this look like? When you say to that one employee, it is your job to do this, what do they do?    Mrs. Roby. Why is so much time being spent redacting material from these documents?    Mrs. Roby. Well, some of these documents have been highly redacted, and, obviously, that takes time, as well.    Mrs. Roby. Okay.    Every document that we receive is digitally stamped and it has a Bates number assigned, so this leads us to conclude that the records are in electronic format. Why is it that the Department has produced all records in paper format despite our requests for electronic copies?    Mrs. Roby. Please do. And please report back to this committee as quickly as you can on that.    There is no order to the paper documents that are being produced. They are not in date order, they are not in Bates-number order, they are not by person, they are not by office or bureau. Just boxes of documents.    So can you give us assurance that your further productions of documents will occur not only timely--as you can see from the passion of the members of this committee, that we want to get to the truth, and so the quicker you can get us this information, obviously the better, particularly because of the volume. But there is no rhyme or reason to what you are sending to us, so could you provide them in some sort of order?    Mrs. Roby. Well, you are taking a lot of time to redact information. It seems that you could at least put them in some kind of order.    So I look forward to your, you know, further participation with this committee and your willingness to provide us these responses quickly. I would appreciate that you get back to us on the electronic format of these documents.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.