    Mr. EISENBREY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the Committee. I am Ross Eisenbrey with the Economic Policy Institute, a small nonprofit with one HR manager who somehow manages to have us comply with the law.    And we have looked at this, and the amount of time it takes to figure out what this rule does and comply with it is minuscule since what it says simply is, if you make less, if you pay your employee less than $47,476 a year, pay overtime. That is what the law does.    It makes it much easier to comply for nonprofits. We have talked to nonprofit managers who say that they have maybe even 100 employees at various nonprofits scattered across the country that they supply HR services to and it will make the job so much easier for them. They don't have to look at duties tests. They don't have to figure out whether somebody is an administrative employee or qualifies as a professional. They just know, if is less than $47,476, that is the end of the story.    The rule that the Department has issued increases the number of salaried workers who are entitled to overtime pay and does several important things. It will encourage employers to give raises. And the rulemaking record is full of employers and employer associations who did surveys and their members say they will raise their employees above the threshold. So there will be pay increases across the country as a result of this rule.    It will reduce the excessive number of hours worked by millions of others, giving them a better work-life balance. It will ensure that salaried employees get paid time and a half when they work more than 40 hours in a week. And it will cause employers to create more than 100,000 jobs, according to the National Retail Federation, in its sector alone. And Goldman Sachs affirms that view. This is a job-creating rule.    They make it clear, the rules make it clear that it doesn't matter whether you are salaried or hourly, blue collar or white collar or pink collar, you will be entitled to overtime pay if you make less than $913 a week. This provides clarify that will prevent litigation. It tells people their rights in a way they haven't known them before.    It is popular. The Gallup Poll found that 67 percent of the public supports making more employees eligible for overtime pay and only 14 percent oppose it.    It carries out the statutory intent of the Fair Labor Standards Act, and this is the Department's duty after all. The law says that everyone is entitled to overtime pay, essentially, except bona fide executives, bona fide professionals and administrators. There is no exception from the rule for salaried workers, white collar workers, supervisors, paraprofessionals, or, incidentally, sales employees. The exemption applies only to a narrow class of genuine professionals, genuine executives, and other highly paid employees whose independence and bargaining power make protection against overwork unnecessary.    Being called a manager and being paid a salary of $35,000 or $40,000 a year doesn't make you that kind of an executive. Dawn Huey, a woman I met who lives in Swartz Creek, Michigan, was a dollar store manager for almost 3 years. When she was hired, she had 28 years of retail experience and felt she had finally climbed up the ladder into the middle class. She was told she would work 44 hours a week at about a $35,000-a-year salary.    But the 44-hour weeks quickly stretched into 60 and 70 hours with no overtime compensation. She wasn't allowed to hire enough staff to do all the work, so she did it herself; 13-hour shifts from open to close became common. At one point, she went 4 straight weeks without a day off and usually worked holidays with no overtime compensation. The first 4 to 5 hours of every day she was the sole store employee, she worked the cash register, did inventory, stocked shelves, moved heavy boxes. She literally ran the store on the run and ended the day mopping floors from front to back.    You hear from some employers and lobbyists about flexibility that salaried workers have. Here is what Dawn said: ``The idea that I had been hired with a flexible salary was a cruel joke.'' There were times her executive--her so-called executive salary--divided by her weekly hours was less than the minimum wage, and that was legal because exempt executives are exempt from the minimum wage too.    Her story is repeated all across America at major corporations and their small business franchises from Burger King, to Dunkin' Donuts, to Walgreens. The new rule will not completely eliminate that kind of abuse of overtime, but it will make it more costly, and therefore less likely.    This rule has great benefits for people like postdoctoral researchers who are paid $43,000 a year on average and work 55 hours or 60 hours a week. They will get salary increases at universities all across the country because it will be much cheaper for a university to pay them a more reasonable salary for their Ph.D. in science and their science research abilities than it will be to pay them the overtime that would otherwise be required.    The truth of the matter is that the rule will hardly make a dent in most employers' payrolls and profits. And I encourage you to look at the Department's rulemaking where table 30 shows that the impact on every industry group is less than one-tenth of 1 percent of payroll. Only transportation and utilities will experience costs as great as 1 percent of profits.    That is a tiny price to pay for a rule that will provide a better work-life balance for millions of Americans, that will improve health and productivity, reduce employee turnover, and put more money into the pockets of millions of middle class Americans.    Mr. EISENBREY. It is a great question and it answers Mr. Macre's query, which is the money will have to come, as he says, from somewhere. Where it will come is from the owners of the businesses. There is no question about that. And if you are the owner of a business, you can not like that or you could be like Mitchell Kaplan at Kaplan Stahler in Las Angeles who said: I make a good income, and the law will change and I will pay my people more.    Executive salaries have increased in the United States so much faster than salaries at the bottom, the share of national income that goes to business owners has increased so much that we now have a trillion dollars less that is being paid to the labor force in the United States than we otherwise would have if we had the kind of equality that the Ranking Member mentioned.    Mr. EISENBREY. That is exactly right.    Mr. EISENBREY. The fact of the matter is that employment growth depends on businesses having customers, and businesses have customers when working people are paid enough that they can go out and shop and buy things. California has been the leader in the overtime threshold at $41,500 and, as you say, its employment growth is much faster than the Nation as a whole. It is not proof, but it is a real indication that this kind of policy, putting more money into the pockets of the workers, is good for the economy overall.    I would just like to say that back in 1975, for example, and in the 1960s, we had a much higher threshold. Small businesses did not suffer then, they managed. I am old enough, maybe older than the rest of the people on the panel, to remember working back then when the threshold in today's dollars would have been $64,000.    So this is a much easier rule to adjust to than businesses had to adjust to in the past. They did it well then, they can do it today.    Mr. EISENBREY. What the Department did was actually it did what some people will call one-size-fits-all, but the one size was fit to the poorest region in the country. They set the salary at the 40th percentile for salaries in the South, in the poorest of the four census regions. As I say, it is a very modest level. This is not an executive salary in New York and an executive salary in Boston. It has been set at the level for an executive salary in Chattanooga or in Tipton, Nevada.    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes. If you look in the comments that were submitted for the record, there are numerous comments where employers say they will not do that, they will either reduce, just hold people to 40 hours a week. They don't have to change them to hourly. That is not the majority of the survey findings that I see in the record in the comments that were submitted.    There is nothing in the rule that says that you have to change someone from salaried to hourly. This Committee had a witness who made this claim back in the fall. She herself was already tracking the time of workers and giving them bonuses based on the extra time that they worked.    So there is nothing in the rule that dictates how an employer responds to this. There are a variety of different responses possible. I have talked to employees, incidentally, who have already in some cases been switched to receiving overtime. I am not sure whether they were salaried or hourly after the change. But they said: This doesn't feel like a demotion to me, I am happy getting the overtime.    Mr. EISENBREY. I am an employer now.    Mr. EISENBREY. I am the vice president of a 40-person nonprofit.    Mr. EISENBREY. So I have to meet a payroll, yes, absolutely.    Mr. EISENBREY. Not offhand, no.    Mr. EISENBREY. That is not true. That could be a family income. That is not an individual income.    Mr. EISENBREY. Mr. Chairman, could I just comment?    Mr. EISENBREY. You know, the beauty of a one-size-fits-all rule that has been attacked here today is that every business is subject to the same rule, so that all of your competitors, will be subject to the same rule. And the notion that raising labor costs is somehow a bad thing leads us to having no minimum wage, which, you know, that would not be a good thing and the American people wouldn't support that.    That the notion that every time you raise labor costs you are somehow crimping business would--I think it is actually the biggest cause for the wage stagnation that we have had for the last 30 or 40 years, that that has been raised--it has sort of been deified and it leaves employees behind.    Mr. EISENBREY. Excuse me, I didn't interrupt anyone else, and I would like you not to interrupt me. Thank you.    I would just like to say that somehow we managed as a Nation from 1938 until the late 1970s with rules that set a higher threshold than we have now. Workers, as the ranking member said, we had a much higher----