    Dr. Shetty. Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, I would like to thank you for the opportunity to testify here today on the future of biotechnology and its applications in energy and agriculture and manufacturing. My name is Reshma Shetty, and I'm a co-Founder and President of Ginkgo Bioworks, a biotechnology startup in Boston, Massachusetts. I hold a Ph.D. in biological engineering from MIT and have been active in the field of biological engineering for over 10 years.    Today, I was asked to testify a little bit about Ginkgo's story as a case study for how federal investment in emerging technologies can stimulate the growth of new companies and new industries and make recommendations for how the U.S. Government can continue to stimulate the growth of the domestic biotechnology industry.    Ginkgo is an organism company. We design and build microbes such as yeast to spec for customers. Our customers use Ginkgo microbes in fermentation. Fermentation is a process by which cooking is done with microbes rather than heat. Humans have been fermenting foods and beverages like yogurt, beer, and wine for more than 9,000 years, so it's a very old technology.    At Ginkgo we design yeast to make new products from fermentation or what we call cultured products. Our first commercial organisms are microbes for the production of cultured ingredients, so ingredients end up in household consumer goods, things like sweeteners, flavors, fragrances, vitamins. So, for example, Gingko is developing a yeast to produce a rose fragrance, what we call a cultured rose. Other companies are making cultured products such as animal-free cultured leather, animal-free cultured meat, cultured milk, cultured silk for making jackets, and so on.    I started Ginkgo in 2008 with four fellow MIT Ph.D.'s, including Tom Knight, who is widely considered to be a father of the field of synthetic biology. Quite frankly, at the time I knew almost nothing about what it took to start and run a company. What I did know was that biological technologies were going to be incredibly important in this century, and I had ideas about what were the important technologies to be working on and developing.    Federal grants and contracts from the NSF SBIR program, DOE ARPA-E, NIST, and DARPA all provided absolutely critical funding for Ginkgo in our early days as we transitioned from MIT and university life to the real world. Today, we've raised more than $50 million of private investment, have built an 18,000 square foot facility in Boston for manufacturing of microbes, and we have commercial contracts for more than 20 different cultured ingredients. In the last 6 months we've doubled our workforce and more than 1/4 of which actually live in the 5th District of Massachusetts and are represented by Congresswoman Clark. In short, your investments help make Ginkgo what it is today.    In the early days of the computer industry, the U.S. Government played a critical role in nurturing the nascent industry through both R&D funding and through serving as an early customer for integrated circuits via the Apollo program. This federal investment was critical in creating demand for integrated circuits and stimulated a significant later private investment in this space. The computer industry would not be the major economic and job engine for the U.S. economy that it is today if it weren't for the U.S. Government's role.    I believe that the U.S. Government has an opportunity to play a similar role in the emerging biological engineering industry. Ginkgo itself is evidence of the payoff that the federal R&D investments can generate, and I urge you to build on these early R&D investments in this space by recognizing the importance of the U.S. Government as an early adopter of biotechnology products.    With countries like the United Kingdom and China having well-coordinated national programs in this area, the United States is at risk for losing its competitive edge. By serving as an early customer and stimulating demand for the products of biotechnology, the U.S. Government could play a central role to biotechnology today, as it did in the 1960s to the computer industry.    In short, I suggest that the Committee 1) enhance U.S. competitiveness in biotechnology via direct R&D funding for public domain foundational technologies that are available for all to use without intellectual property restrictions; 2) continue to garner bipartisan support for H.R. 591 to establish a national engineering biology research and development program; and 3) recognize the importance of the U.S. Government as an early customer for biologically engineered products.    Thank you.    Dr. Shetty. Absolutely. Thank you for the question, Chairwoman Comstock.    It's interesting. To date, biotechnology has largely been behind the scenes, right? The--people are not always aware that the foods they eat, the medicines they take are made with the products of biotechnology. However, I think we're seeing a shift. As the technologies are improving, more and more consumer-facing products are coming out onto the marketplace. So Ginkgo's cultured rose is an example. I also alluded to others in my testimony, so animal-free versions of milk, of meat, and, you know, there are companies making spider silk using yeast and spinning that into jackets. So a Japanese company named Spiber is partnering with North Face to bring out a spider silk jacket that's currently touring Japan.    So I think what you're going to see over the next few years is that biotechnology is going to be interacting more and more directly with the consumer, and this is going to change a--drive a shift in attitudes naturally. And with that shift in attitudes, you're going to see a greater public acceptance of this--of these kind of technologies.    That being said, we continue to have a responsibility to ensure transparency in our sector. So, you know, there are obviously a lot of concerns around, you know, what does a supply chain look like for the products I buy? Should I be seeing certain labels on my foods or in my--the products I buy?    I think really a lot of those conversations really stem from a desire for information, a desire for knowledge. And what I'm excited about actually is that through biotechnology we can actually increase the transparency of our supply chains. If my yeast are growing these products in a fermenter in the middle of Iowa, it's a lot easier for me to understand where exactly my--the products I'm buying at the grocery store come from.    And so, in short, I would suggest that were seeing a transformation happen. As the tools get better and better, more and more consumer-facing products are going to be coming out onto the market and drive a change in attitudes.    Dr. Shetty. Yes, so I think one of the things we need to appreciate is that biotechnology today is not just about health and medicine, right? And I think this hearing is testimony to that. Biotechnology in the future is going to have major impacts in many other areas besides health and medicine, including, you know, manufacturing, agriculture, and energy. So I think what needs to happen is that there needs to be a national recognition of that importance, and we need to push forward a more organized national funding program in this area. And so H.R. 591 is a step in this direction, and I would encourage you to garner bipartisan support for this bill and push it forward.    Ms. Shetty. Yes, the one comment I want to add to my fellow panelists is that STEM education starts--needs to start early. It's not--doesn't begin at the undergraduate level. I myself had the benefit of doing a research experience at my local university as a high school student. And those early exposures to STEM education is critically important to fostering the scientists today, particularly when you're talking about young women, right? There are a lot of--the balance of genders between men and women in science and math fields is very skewed in a certain direction, and so we're not tapping into the full potential workforce with those statistics.    And so as I look forward encouraging young girls to participate in STEM fields is absolutely important. And as a mom with a young daughter, you know, I want that for her.    Ms. Shetty. Yes, thank you for the question. So I think probably the best example of interest in--the worldwide interest in this area is the International Genetically Engineered Machines competition. This is an undergraduate competition in synthetic biology where teams from universities design and build genetically engineered machines, organisms. And for the past few years most years the winner is not from the United States, right? It's coming from Europe, coming from China, coming from overseas. So I think this is a reflection of what is to come if we don't make domestic investments in this area.    And so I think part of the problem or part of what needs to happen in this country is that we need an organized program of investments, right? No one piece is enough because there's a lot of synergy to be had between having the agencies understand and coordinate their research efforts both on the basic R&D side but also on the translation into industry through SBIR programs, and then finally, as I alluded to in my opening remarks, the U.S. Government serving as a customer for biotechnology products as these nascent industries are getting going.    And so we need a coordinated, multipronged strategy, and that has--that coordinated strategy has been pushed forward by the United Kingdom, by China, by other countries in the EU, but so far, we have not done the same here in the United States.    Ms. Shetty. The competition started in about 2004. I would say by 2005, 2006 there started to be--the winners of the competition started to become schools from outside the United States rather than within the United States even though this field largely has its original roots in the United States. I was there. I was part of it.    Dr. Shetty. Thank you for the question. So there's an interesting transition that's happened in recent years in this country, which is that on a per-carbon basis, carbon derived from methane, natural gas, methanol is cheaper than carbon derived from other sources, say, sugar. And so there's a growing interest in--both within our company and others in using these as feedstocks for bio-production of various chemicals and fuels.    And so we had initially had DOE ARPA-E funding in this area to develop some nascent technologies, and we've since partnered that work with a commercial partner and are taking it forward. Now, unfortunately, because it's partnered, I'm under some confidentiality restrictions and so I'm not able to speak to the details of that program, but suffice it to say, this is an area of interest both for ourselves and others, and it's a potential new frontier when it comes to bio-production of these types of fuels.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Hultgren.