    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us here this morning.    General Keane, I want to specifically thank you, because I was an infantry officer in the surge, I am greatly appreciative of what you did to help turn that war around.    I respectfully disagree with an earlier statement one of my colleagues made that the most important thing for the troops on the ground is to know that all of America is behind them. I knew that all of America wasn't supportive of what I was doing in Iraq, but you, with the help of General Petraeus and others, gave us some hope, some faith that we had a plan, that our effort, our sacrifice, our loss would not be in vain.    And so I, among many others, come back to this fundamental issue that we don't seem to have a strategy here.    I just returned from a CODEL to Iraq and Afghanistan and received countless briefs on a three-phased plan. And we all know that phase four was what was missing back in 2003, and it seems like it is missing again here.    I have not seen a good plan to deal with the Sunni tribes, to deal with the Shiite militias, and that is just in Iraq. I agree with your assessment that we don't seem to have much of any plan at all for Syria.    So my question is, how do we, how do you try to influence this debate to actually get a strategy? Somehow you were able to take a failing war in Iraq and help turn it around by bringing a workable strategy into the discussion and then eventually getting it enacted. If you could comment on that, maybe we could see a path forward.    General Keane. Well, thank you, and appreciate your service, as well. Semper Fi.    Mr. Moulton. Semper Fi.    General Keane. This is very difficult. To change the failing strategy in Iraq, to be frank about it, the leaders, the military leaders who were prosecuting that strategy did not want to change. The leaders of the Department of Defense also, civilian leadership, the senior military leaders in Washington did not want to change.    But I think what happened there is it appeared to me that the evidence was compelling that the strategy was not working, and I think we had one person that understood that that was willing to do something about it, and that was the President of the United States. I mean, he just instinctively saw it and said, ``This is a real problem.''    I don't think he knew necessarily what should be done about it, but he knew instinctively we had to do something about it and he threw politics aside, certainly, because his own party was almost as much against him as the opposition party was, and certainly most of his generals were. But he reached for something that turned out to be the right answer.    So this is very hard to do.    We have a different problem here, I think, is we have a strategy that we put together and it is in the beginning of its execution, and so it is very difficult to get someone to change it based on the fact that when you look down that at long term it is not going to work.    Mr. Moulton. Mr. Chesney, do you have anything to add to this?    Mr. Moulton. I agree with that statement, and I think that what was most frustrating to me about returning to Iraq was seeing so much of the effort that we had carried out during the surge really gone to waste. And the operative question in my mind is not, how do we have a military strategy to defeat ISIS? I think we do.    The question is, how do we prevent what happened from 2010 to 2013, where all that effort went to waste?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield my time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Gibson.