    Ms. Roosendaal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My name is Denise Roosendaal. I am the Executive Director of the Institute for Credentialing Excellence. It is a 501(c)(3) membership organization representing credentialing bodies across the country. The National Commission for Certifying Agencies, NCCA, is our accrediting arm and has accredited over 300 personnel certification programs to its standards since its inception in 1977.    I would like to thank you for the invitation to speak with you today on such an important topic. ICE has been involved in this topic for several years, supporting the establishment of the Army-Navy COOL Web sites back in 2003 as well as the two credentialing summits held by the American Legion in 2012 and 2015.    In my written testimony, I outlined anecdotal evidence of some of the success stories that we have heard about from several credentialing organizations, such as the American Culinary Federation and the Human Resources Certification Institute. These organizations connected with the military in a meaningful way to create a smooth pathway for Active Duty military servicemembers and veterans to access the private-sector certifications.    I have also outlined in my written testimony six areas that I think still need some attention. These are somewhat technical in nature, but I do believe that in order for us to move forward in connecting private-sector credentials with the important experience and knowledge that military servicemembers and veterans bring to the marketplace they should be addressed.    Very quickly, these areas are: the alignment of required knowledge, skills, and competencies between military experience and the civilian certification; some of the challenges in understanding and communicating certification and military nomenclature and classifications; the eligibility requirements, where there are no alternative pathways outlined to help identify equivalents in military experience; the lack of awareness of some of the best practices, such as governance structures, the separation of education from certification practices; the need to educate employers on the value of certifications for veterans; as well as inadequate resources for necessary activities that would help resolve some of these technical areas.    So the first one that I mentioned, the alignment of required knowledge, to many of our organizations has become clear as one of the most important to address. The alignment of acquired knowledge is sometimes--the misalignment is sometimes fueled by that misunderstanding of the military nomenclature, and it is probably the most significant obstacle.    Some private-sector credentialing organizations have found great success in their military programs by conducting an extensive and often expensive gap analysis mapping the military knowledge and skills back to the certification's own job analysis of required skills.    Other programs, like the Human Resources Certification Institute, overcame this obstacle by creating a direct connection to the military through the Army's Training with Industry, TWI, program. This is where they place a liaison in the office of HRCI, and for at least a year they understood and began to communicate the differences between the military HR requirements and the private-sector certification.    Without that direct personal connection, however, the gaps have to be analyzed on paper. And sometimes those gaps are easily identified; sometimes they are identified and filled with just specific training. Such as the Culinary Institute, they identified certain skills that were lacking in the military experience, and they were able to fill that gap with employer-based and employer-funded training.    But, more often, the gaps are not easily or accurately identified, especially around eligibility requirements. We are seeing that there is some misunderstanding of, when private-sector certification requires a certain number of years of experience--say, 5 years of relevant experience, it is not clear whether or not the military 5 years experience is equivalent.    The COOL site has helped immensely in connecting certifications with specific MOSs, but I think helping the private sector understand that connection a little bit better would be very helpful.    In ICE's research, 89 percent of certification bodies are nonprofit, 501(c)(3) or (c)(6), with a median staff size of about six individuals. So it does make it difficult to find the resources to help fill these gaps and address these issues.    I would be remiss if I concluded without expressing ICE and NCCA's commitment to identifying quality credentialing programs. The NCCA standards were originally created through a federally funded grant to create standards for quality personnel certification programs. The third-party accreditation is the best means for assessing quality programs, and our military servicemembers deserve that quality.    Thank you again for the opportunity to speak with you today. I do hope that ICE and NCCA can continue to be a resource for this committee.    Thank you.    