    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Blinken, first, let me just go on record as saying how I commend the administration for pursuing deployment of THAAD in South Korea. I think it is incredibly important.    One of my frustrations is that many of these sanctions that we've done haven't really moved the needle with North Korea and I am not sure any other sanctions really will. I think that the one thing that will move North Korea is some flexing of the economic muscles by China and we've got to figure out a way to get them motivated because they haven't been--they helped us a little bit at the U.N., and I appreciate that with the multilateral sanctions. But they hold a disproportionate influence with North Korea than any of the rest of us or any of the other in the Six Party talks and we've got to influence them to do the right thing and get North Korea under control.    Last weekend, China announced that it formed a consensus with Brunei, Cambodia, and Laos that the territorial disputes over some islands, rocks, and shoals in the South China Sea are not an issue between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations--ASEAN--as a whole.    At the same time, China consistently relies on ASEAN's declaration on the conduct of parties in the South China Sea, citing its endorsement of consultations and negotiations to argue that it is not subject to the binding arbitration brought under the Law of the Sea Treaty by the Philippines.    Can China have it both ways? Is China trying to sideline ASEAN in relation to the South China Sea maritime disputes and what's the administration's response to the quadrilateral consensus between China, Brunei, Cambodia, and Laos and what's the administration's position on ASEAN's role in resolving the maritime disputes?    Mr. Salmon. I hope so, and I hope that ASEAN really does step up to the plate when it comes to dealing with these maritime disputes and resolving them. I think the more they speak with one solid voice the better chance we have of resolving this without the conflicts that we hope we don't have.    My last point is that I am very optimistic about our economic opportunities in the region and I am a strong supporter of TPP. But I would also like to see us further enhance our trade ties with India and as such I have introduced legislation in concert with Senator Cornyn pushing for India's entrance into APEC.    What do you see as the obstacles to that getting done?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.