    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Green, for reminding me why I wake up in a cold sweat at 4:00 o'clock every morning. The word is that the next part of this act does not go as well as the first part.    But last week we had the 1-year anniversary of the passage of H.R. 2. Big deal. And this--now we're all reflecting on the historic accomplishment of permanently and forever repealing the sustainable growth rate formula. And just take--worthwhile to take a moment to acknowledge.    It could not have come to pass without the commitment of the medical community and the leadership of the Energy and Commerce Committee on both sides of the dais.    The hard work is far from over, however, and we've entered into what I like to consider a 5-year cessation of hostilities between the Congress, the agency, and doctors, and we need to make certain, as Ranking Member Green pointed out, that we get it right during this interval.    So we are now having our second hearing on the implementation phase of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act and I'm glad that this committee does remain dedicated to ensuring that we get this next phase of payment reform right.    In the act, we sought to put power back in the hands of those who actually provide the care so the doctors, not agencies, will help shape Government care payments systems of the future.    And I am encouraged that when CMS began the process of implementation of this reform it began with a request for information and I was even more encouraged by the response from doctors.    We had 560-odd responses to that request for information. It is important to note that doctors actively engaging in the regulatory process can't just be at the beginning.    We've got to see this through, and certainly the societies have some obligation to help doctors actually prepare for the implementation of this.    Medicare participation should never subject doctors to the things that we've--we want our doctors to take care of our Medicare patients.    Some would argue that Congress shouldn't even be in the business but we are and we've been there for 50 years. We might as well do it right if we're going to do it and part of doing it right is we shouldn't punish doctors.    But right now, doctors have to do this--all of these different quality incentive programs. The piecemeal initiatives have undermined their ability to focus on quality.    So to resolve that problem, the MACRA requires CMS--all these acronyms--MACRA requires CMS to streamline the current programs into a single value-based payment structure.    This is called the Merit-based Incentive Payment System and the system is designed to incentivize quality whether a doctor is an independent in rural practice or in a large integrated healthcare system, and that was an extremely important part of just getting H.R. 2 done.    We had to allow for success in whatever practice or arrangement a doctor was in. We had to meet them where they were.    Now, this transition is not going to happen overnight and I am certain that--what I am certain of right now is that no doctor is going to face the double digit cuts that they were facing under the SGR. But really, truly, we don't want our doctors to wait until 2019 to begin to take action.    Congress currently is universally condemned for being dysfunctional, ineffective. Not a headline there to the guys writing for the press. I know that.    But when you stop and think about what we accomplished with the overwhelmingly bipartisan passage of H.R. 2, and I would note I went to all the celebratory things down at the White House where the president took credit for it. But, honestly, it wasn't the president's deal. It was the committee's deal and we brought the other committees of jurisdiction, both the House and Senate, along with us and it was truly that bipartisan effort.    Henry Waxman was my co-sponsor on H.R. 2. I mean, that's phenomenal in and of itself when you think of it.    But it isn't just--and when you look at some of the successes and failures of major healthcare policy that have come through Congress in the past it's also--you know, they always say the devil's in the details.    So this is where the devil's in the details and we've got to get this--we've got to get this right.    It took two decades to replace the SGR because it was hard to do and it required a certain commitment and a certain suspension of hostilities between Republicans and Democrats on the dais. But we did it because it was the right thing to do, and we're going to be called upon to do that again in the future.    I don't know what form that will take but in other healthcare policy that certainly we could--people would do well to follow the template that we provided in the Energy and Commerce Committee.    The policies outlined in H.R. 2 are the result of an open and transparent process which sought input and participation from every doctor, patient, member of Congress, administrative agency and anyone else who professed an interest.    We're at this critical juncture in physician payment reform and we'll only get it right if implementation follows that same open, transparent and bipartisan structure that we use to get this to the president's desk.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here today. I sincerely appreciate the efforts of all of the provider groups to help us in going forward.    I look forward to your testimony today and look forward to the next in what will be a series of hearings, Mr. Chairman. I'll yield back.    Mr. Burgess. Some of us did not do that legwork, nor did we vote for it, nor will we ever, Mr. Green. So if you want me to refer to that as Greencare in the future, I'll be glad to do that.    Mr. Burgess. I will be honored to do that because I said that.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I hope our friends at the press table were paying attention to that discussion of Dr. McAneny and Dr. Bailet--that you all--I mean, that was some of the most optimistic forward-looking stuff that I've heard. The ability to use predictive analytics, the ability to use data in real time, not 2 years later--this is what doctors want to do and the thing that used to bug me about pay for performances I never drove to work in the morning saying, boy, I hope I'm average today.    No, you go to work every day and do your best work and you're talking about why don't we make things so that they can provide doctors the platform to do their best work and that's enormously optimistic.    Dr. Bailet, I'm like you. I mean, I get to go talk to doctor groups all over the country. I recognize that most of the people in the room are my age or older and most of them, if they're not burned out, they're very close and by the time I finish my talk about what we're going to do in their practices they're checking their retirement plan to see how--you know, how many more days they have to work, not how many more years.    So this is important. We all recognize we have a personpower problem--manpower, womanpower problem in health care, especially in our physicians and we run the risk of making it worse. And this is one of the things that was so important to me when we tried to reform this.    I think, Dr. Wergin, you said--you used the phrase it takes the joy out of practice, and I've used that phrase on the floor of the House. Nothing pulls the joy out of the practice of medicine like realizing your Congress is going to whack you off at the knees December 31st every year for, what was it, 17 years.    I mean, that is--that is a joy-killing exercise if there ever was one. So, again, this is an optimistic hearing today and it's forward-looking hearing and I'm grateful for that.    Dr. McLean, on the--on this wonderful brochure that--is this yours or is it Dr. Wergin's? Dr. Wergin. And, you know, unfortunately we don't have this where everyone can see it. But, you know, if you just run through your physician payment time line that you've got over there on the--on the right hand side, OK, the doctor says, I'm just not going to do a darn thing--I'm sick of Congress, I'm sick of rules, I'm sick of CMS--I'm not going to do a darn thing.    Well, actually you might wake up in 2019 and realize oh my gosh, I got a 4 percent ding. Now, you didn't get a 27 percent ding so that's an important point right there but you got a 4 percent ding and you could have gotten a 4 percent bump if you'd just done a little.    So the important thing--the message here is for those people who are so frustrated they will not lift a finger until 2019 and then they look across the hall and say well, that guy got a 4 percent bump and I got a 4 percent ding--what do I have to do so I'm in the bump and not the ding group, you can actually start catching up then.    And the folks at Legislative Council and Congressional Research Service and CMS referred to this as everybody gets an A. Well, it's not quite that simple but we wanted it to be simple and we wanted there--and I think I certainly recognize that there was so much frustration out there that, OK, you come at me with a hundred new PLAs--that's three-letter acronyms--I'm not--I'm not there. I'm not going to participate.    In fact, I'm going to retire--I'm getting out. But if they don't get out and they look around in 2019 I can go from the ding to the bump group and it is not that hard. Many of the things I'm already doing.    I might already be emailing a patient. I might already be involved--engaged in performance practice enhancement activities and so be eligible for that.    So thank you for making that kind of--I think it's just critical that doctors do understand that yes, a lot of this stuff is really hard in the healthcare policy but some of it's not and some of it makes sense.    Your Mennonite stuff doesn't make sense with a meaningful use but some of it makes sense. I will also confess to you I used to consider myself basically a medical home for my patients when I was in practice and I was the medical home until the wizards at CMS with administrative pricing decided I wasn't worth it and didn't pay me for it anymore.    So I ran for Congress and that medical home is now abandoned. But it is that concept--let's do the things for people that actually facilitate what we need done.    And Dr. McAneny, you talked about physician leadership and, you know, that is so critical and this leadership has to come from within medicine itself. It's not going to come from a consultant. It's certainly not going to come from CMS. God knows it's not coming from the Congress.    It's got to come from inside medicine itself. So think you for your efforts in making certain that your constituent members understand that and I'll leave my last second for you to respond to that if you'd like.    Mr. Burgess. Great. Leave no doc behind, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This really has been a wonderful panel. I do feel obligated to mention since interoperability has come up so much this morning that yes, part of the effort in passing the H.R. 2 was to deal with that but then a larger effort is--has been included in H.R. 6, which was the Cures for the 21st Century and that bill, of course, passed the House last summer and is pending before the Senate. So please don't think we've taken our eye off the ball on interoperability. It remains an important marker to achieve.    Dr. McLean, let me just ask you, and you all have been very thorough in your testimony today. But I'm always struck in dealing with the stupid SGR that it was the update adjustment factor that really did violence to doctors.    Now, that's the conversion factor. You talk about every doctor gets their own--can create their own conversion factor. And at the risk of being too wonky, can you kind of go through that at a high level so our friends in the press can get that?    Mr. Burgess. What is the--you know, we talk about things being iatrogenic in health care. What would be the congressional equivalent of that? Because the anxiety--much of the anxiety that many of you have spoken about this morning was actually generated by Congress or the agency.    It wasn't directed--it wasn't generated by physicians or the practice of medicine. There's enough anxieties in the practice of medicine but we generated anxieties here.    Dr. Bailet, let me just ask you a question on that. We kind of covered some of the stuff with the physicians technical advisory committee.    But can you give us perhaps a bit of a sense of how this compares and contrasts with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation that was also--is also one of the things that's been visited upon physicians?    Mr. Burgess. Yes.    Mr. Burgess. Well, I guess the one philosophical difference that I see, CMMI is driven by the agency and it may or may not make sense to the practicing physicians.    PTAC is driven by docs.    Mr. Burgess. And my hope is that that will make sense to the practicing physician. Is that a fair assessment?    Mr. Burgess. OK.    Mr. Burgess. Much of this--as the bill itself was into the development stages, stakeholders, especially groups' physicians, would come to us and say we've been doing this for a while and we think this is a good idea.    But we've got no way for CMS to--no way to bring it to CMS and have them evaluate it and incorporate it. And now PTAC actually provides that avenue and, importantly, if it's not accepted people have to be told why it wasn't accepted and my hope is that will give them another opportunity to impact it.    Mr. Burgess. Great. That's the right answer. It gives me great peace.    Mr. Chairman, I would just say after well over 10 years on this subcommittee one of my fondest wishes was to come in here someday and have a panel of doctors tell us how much economists should be paid. So if you all want to respond to that in writing I'll be happy to listen.