    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. It is good to see you in the chair.    Mr. Pallone. Today the subcommittee will attempt to review 17 bills. I say ``attempt'' because we cannot possibly expect a thorough review of each piece of legislation on the agenda. While I am pleased that the majority agreed to add six bills authored by Democrats, unfortunately, it was to an already-too-long list of 11 Republican bills.    Mr. Chairman, as you know, I am a big proponent of regular order. To me, that means engaging in real deliberation, not just having a check-the-box hearing. Since I can't possibly cover all the bills being considered, I am going to focus my comments on those that are intended to inhibit the ability of the Federal Trade Commission from carrying out its mission of protecting consumers. This attack on the FTC is notable, in light of the majority's recent praise of the FTC's privacy and data security expertise, both recently in the Communications and Technology Subcommittee and last year during this subcommittee's markup of data security legislation.    But the Republican process bills before us today just confirm the majority's true intention, I believe, and that is across-the-board deregulation. Republicans say privacy should be only in the purview of the FTC. Yet, they are simultaneously introducing bills to gut the FTC of even its limited authorities.    Among their many deficiencies, these bills would encourage stall tactics by bad actors, burden the staff with unconstructive tasks, and effectively obstruct important information exchanges between Congress and the FTC. These initiatives also would limit the FTC's ability to assist local, state, federal, and other countries' governments in their efforts to help consumers. They would also undermine the FTC's ability to be flexible and nimble in addressing emerging problems.    Republicans claim that these bills would promote innovation, but, in reality, they would actually hurt companies. For example, two of these bills could lead to confidential investigations being inadvertently revealed before the FTC has decided whether to take action or after the Commission has decided not to take any action. And businesses do not want the FTC being discouraged from providing guidance to help those companies ensure that they are complying with the law.    These eight bills put the FTC on the wrong track. If we want to help consumers, we should be giving the FTC additional tools, not raiding their toolshed.    And that is why I support the bill authored by Mr. Rush that would give the FTC authority over nonprofits. That bill would increase the ability of the FTC to protect consumers. For example, it would allow the FTC to pursue scammers that have formed faked veterans' charities to scam Americans who want to help veterans.    And I support Mr. McNerney's bill, also, the Protecting Consumers in Commerce Act of 2016, which would give the FTC the authority to bring enforcement actions against communications common carriers. Enforcement should be based on the activity, not the entity. If a company in the telecommunications industry acts unfairly or deceptively in advertising, marketing, or billing, the FTC should act to protect consumers. For example, if a wireless company promises unlimited data, but deceptively slows the data speeds of high-usage customers, the FTC should be able to act.    So, Mr. Chairman, I would like to move several of the bills under discussion forward with the limited time that we have left before the summer recess, but I would strongly urge that we only advance those bills that can garner true bipartisan support, because together I know we can move the ball forward for consumers.    I don't know that anybody on my side would like some time. If not, I will yield back the balance of the time.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ramirez, H.R. 5136 would require the FTC's Bureau of Economics to conduct a cost/benefit analysis for all recommendations for legislative or regulatory actions submitted by the Commission. Can you provide some background on the Bureau of Economics, what its function is now, and if the Bureau were forced to devote time and resources to preparing the kind of economic analysis required by this bill, would resources have to be redirected away from the Bureau's current work?    Mr. Pallone. Well, what about the resources, because our time is limited?    Mr. Pallone. And whether this bill would force a redirection?    Mr. Pallone. Well, you listed a number of activities that the Commission would no longer be able to do. Let me ask, how does the FTC provide recommendations to state lawmakers or foreign governments? And under this bill, will you be able to assist states or foreign governments on these crucial consumer protection or competition matters or is that going to be limited, too?    Mr. Pallone. The last thing is my concern that the bill could prevent the Commission from providing recommendations to Congress. You are here today to provide comments on 17 bills that would fundamentally affect the operations of the FTC. Your written testimony was 22 pages, including a number of comments and recommendations regarding each of the 17 bills. But, under this bill, the Bureau of Economics would have to conduct a full economic analysis of each recommendation you are sharing with us about each bill. So, would these burdensome analyses required, would they have even prevented you from being here today or limited what your ability would have been to even comment on what you did today, for example?    Mr. Pallone. And other than testifying before Congress, when else does the FTC provide recommendations? And again, would that hinder the abilities of the Commission to assist Congress in these types of things, day-to-day interactions, whatever?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you so much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.