    Mr. Ellison. Welcome, Chair Yellen. And I also want to thank the chairman and ranking member of our committee.    The last time we were together in this committee hearing, I think I raised the issue of Somali remittances, and at that time, I think I pointed out that as banks drop out of this business space, it is going to create a whole lot more pressure. I think, on February 6th or right around there, the last big bank that facilitates these remittances dropped out, and then an Illinois bank dropped out. At this point, I am told that there are no money service businesses providing remittances to Somalia.    This is important for a lot of reasons. One is that people in my district rely on that, and they send their hard-earned moneys to their loved ones. And I believe this helps to stabilize Somalia as a country. They send way more remittances than we do foreign aid over there, and it is already a fragile state. It does have a government. It is not a failed state anymore, but it is a fragile one, and if we pull that rug out, I fear for national security issues. We just heard threats by Al Shabaab to our homeland, which is something that I am very much concerned about. And as we destabilize that country, I think it is bigger than just the humanitarian needs of individuals. We are now dealing with a really serious problem. So what can be done?    Mr. Ellison. Forgive me for interrupting, Chair Yellen, but I would just like to point out that last time this Congress, which has been kind of known for its polarization, actually came together and passed legislation to try to reduce the regulatory burden and expense associated with compliance. I think we can do it again, but it would be nice if we could get some indication where exactly legislating would make a difference.    As I understand it, there are some banks--or some regulators who believe that in Somalia, you not only have to know your customer; you have to know your customer's customer. That is not the law. And I think clear guidance on this point would be important, and I think the Fed would be able to offer some good guidance to help banks understand what really is their obligation to know your customer; how far does it go? Is that something you think could happen?    Mr. Ellison. Now, what about the Federal Reserve Federal--Fedwire? Could that be used to provide wire transfers to Dubai?    Mr. Ellison. I don't want to put you on the spot now, but I just want to introduce the idea. Maybe you and your staff could go back--    Mr. Ellison. Yes.    Mr. Ellison. Right, but my point is we have a state where we have an active terrorist organization that is threatening us; we have a state that is fragile and has come out of 2 decades of civil war; and we have a humanitarian crisis. It seems to me if there is an occasion to try to get creative, this would be it. I am just coming up with some ideas here.    What about third-party verification? There are some nongovernmental organizations on the ground in Somalia who might be able to verify the identity of the recipient of the remittances? Could a group like that be utilized?    Mr. Ellison. Thank you.