    Mr. Jordan. Not a problem.    Mr. Jordan. Yeah. For Mr. DeSantis, it's fine.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I apologize for missing part of it. I had to get back to my office for a meeting.    But thank you all for being here.    The title is ``The State of Property Rights in America.'' I would say ``The State of Rights in America.'' We've got the Kelo decision and the takings, we've got what the Chairman has brought up about regulatory takings, but, I mean, I point to things even more recent. When the bondholders at Chrysler were told to take the deal back during the auto bailout, that is, in my judgment, a fundamental violation of people's rights. People's religious liberty rights under ObamaCare, people's First Amendment free speech rights under the IRS targeting groups for exercising that very right, their free speech rights to speak out against the government.    So I was curious, Mr. Alban, Mr. Groen, if you could comment on not just this takings issue, but a broad--people right here in the District of Columbia, I think in many ways, denied their Second Amendment rights.    We're obviously concerned about the takings issue, but I think, in a broader sense, just people's fundamental liberties under the Constitution as Americans and the impact we're seeing from government policies on the broader question.    Mr. Alban, your thoughts?    Mr. Jordan. And, frankly, told not to talk about it, right?    Mr. Jordan. Some of the John Doe investigations we have had some people write about in Wisconsin that took place over the last few years.    Mr. Groen.    Mr. Jordan. Well said.    Mr. Jordan. Uh-huh.    Mr. Jordan. It's one of the reason you've seen the Members up here in this Committee, and particularly the Chairman, focus so much on this--and I'm changing the subject a little bit, but to your point--so much on the fact that you had an agency with the power of the Internal Revenue Service systemically and for a sustained period of time target groups for exercising their most fundamental right under the First Amendment, their right to speak out against the government. And we should be able to do that and not be harassed for doing it. But that's exactly what the Internal Revenue Service did.    So when you couple that with the takings issue, the regulatory takings that are taking place, people's religious liberty, I mean, it's why this Committee is so concerned about what we see happening in our great country.    And I appreciate you all being here.    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.