    Chairman Royce. The committee will come to order. Pursuant to notice, we meet today to mark up three bipartisan measures and, without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit any statements for the record or extraneous materials on any of today's business. As all members were notified yesterday, we intend to consider our first two measures en bloc.    And so, without objection, the following items will be considered en bloc and are considered as read: H.R. 400, the Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act; House Resolution 53, a resolution condemning the cowardly attacks on innocent men, women, and children in Northeast Nigeria; and Kelly amendment No. 14, in the nature of a substitute to House Resolution 53. And after recognizing myself and Mr. Engel, I will be pleased to recognize any Member seeking recognition to speak on these two measures.    Chairman Royce. So we begin with H.R. 400, Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. And this has to do with a problem that we have at some of our posts overseas. The State Department, as you know, and the USAID rely on contractors to provide services like construction, security and maintenance. And those contractors employ foreign workers and often they are recruited from faraway developing countries, where they are vulnerable to abuse. And, in particular, labor recruiters may charge prospective employees recruitment fees or payments, basically, for the right to work. So current law prohibits U.S. contractors from, in theory, charging foreign workers unreasonable recruitment fees and the State Department claims to prohibit any recruitment fees at all.    However, neither State nor USAID have defined what constitutes a recruitment fee. And this ambiguity, unfortunately, has allowed some recruiters to simply rename these fees and continue charging them. And this is a serious problem.    We have a 2011 report by the State Department Inspector General, and in that report they found that a majority of State's foreign contract workers in certain Middle Eastern countries were paying substantial fees to recruiters, sometimes more than a year's salary, resulting in--and this is in the words of the Inspector General--``effective debt bondage.'' To ensure that our overseas contracting does not feed the problem, this bill requires State and USAID to define what prohibited recruitment fees are and to report to Congress on their plans to improve contract monitoring to protect against human trafficking.    Then, the other bill I will mention is amendment to House Resolution 53, a resolution condemning Boko Haram and urging a peaceful and credible national election. And last month Boko Haram launched what some say is the worst attack to date, a powerful statement if you think of their previous atrocities, including kidnapping nearly 300 school girls in Chibok. But satellite images from Baga show a town now completely leveled, thousands, thousands of boys and girls, mothers, and fathers, killed in this attack. It is no wonder that Boko Haram is being called the ISIS of Africa. And this resolution condemns the attack and expresses support for U.S. security assistance to the recently established African Union Regional Force, stood up to fight Boko Haram. Alongside these security concerns, Nigeria is also facing a watershed Presidential election. The political environment is extremely tense. The Nigerian Government has already delayed elections originally scheduled for mid-February, and this resolution urges Nigeria to avoid any further delays as well.    I want to thank Representative Kelly for introducing this timely resolution, and I should also recognize the leadership of multiple committee members, including the Africa Subcommittee Chairman Smith on Nigeria--and Boko Haram in particular--along with Karen Bass, the ranking member on that subcommittee. I will now turn to Mr. Eliot Engel for his comments on these two measures.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    I want to turn next to Congresswoman Robin Kelly of Illinois, the author of House Resolution 53.    Chairman Royce. We turn now to Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Salmon, we will take that bill up next, but right now, the en bloc amendment, sir.    Chairman Royce. Any other members seek to--Mr. Cicilline from Rhode Island.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Cicilline.    We go now to Mr. Smith of New Jersey. His Africa Subcommittee has done key work on Nigeria and Boko Haram, pushing for its designation as a foreign terrorist organization.    Chairman Royce. I thank you. You still have time.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Smith.    Anyone else seeking recognition on this legislation?    Mr. Trott of Michigan.    Chairman Royce. Hearing no further requests for recognition, the question occurs on the items considered en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    All those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, and the measures are considered en bloc. H.R. 400 and the House Resolution 53, as amended by Kelly's amendment 14, are agreed to.    And I now call up H.R. 757.    Clerk, if you could read the bill.    Chairman Royce. Without objection, the bill is considered as read and open for amendment at any point.    Chairman Royce. And, again, after recognizing myself and the ranking member, I am glad to recognize other members seeking recognition to speak on the underlying bill. And then we will consider en bloc a package of bipartisan amendments. And so this is the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. And this relates to the attack in November, the cyberattack on Sony Pictures. North Korea, once again, reminded the world that behind its belligerent rhetoric is a country that poses a very real and a very serious threat to our security.    This bill, the North Korean Sanctions Enforcement Act, is a direct response to North Korea's continued aggression, and I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. Engel, who has been twice to North Korea, for working with me to introduce this bill, which is substantially similar to our North Korea sanctions bill that passed the House last July.    This bill codifies a robust array of tough sanctions against the regime and its enablers, much like the penalties that were successfully applied by the Treasury Department back in 2005 when the agency targeted a small bank in Macau that was complicit in Pyongyang's counterfeiting at the time. And this seriously crippled North Korea's financing and was one of the most effective steps we have taken against North Korea, until the sanctions were foolishly lifted in 2008 in exchange for fruitless negotiations over the country's nuclear program.    Nearly 7 years later, some analysts believe that North Korea has succeeded in miniaturizing a nuclear warhead. Some of you may have seen this reported yesterday, but they reportedly could be on track to have a stockpile of 100 atomic bombs within 5 years. It is time to end the administration's policy of strategic patience. And this bill will prevent Kim Jong-un and his top officials from reaching those assets they maintain in foreign banks, as well as the hard currency that sustains their rule.    The bill's sanctions target North Korea's money laundering, its counterfeiting, and its smuggling and narcotics trafficking, undermining these key finances of the regime's nuclear program. Disrupting North Korea's illicit activities will also place tremendous strain on the country's ruling elite who have done so much harm to the North Korean people. I have seen some of that harm firsthand in the eastern part of North Korea when I was there.    Last year, the U.N. Commission of Inquiry released the most comprehensive report on North Korea to date, finding that the Kim regime has for decades pursued policies involving crimes that ``shock the conscience of humanity,'' in their words. H.R. 757 requires the State Department to use the Commission of Inquiry's findings to identify the individuals responsible for such abuses. And the bill also requires the administration to report on activities that seek to undermine our cybersecurity and to study the feasibility of bringing cellular and Internet communications to North Korea's people to break the information blockade.    We will now turn to Mr. Engel for his opening statement on North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Eliot. Do any other members seek recognition to speak on the bill?    Mr. Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Connolly of Virginia.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Ted Poe of Texas and then Mr. Matt Salmon.    Chairman Royce. You probably should.    Chairman Royce. Judge, you probably should.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Judge Poe.    Ms. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go to Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Salmon.    As I recall, I raised this issue, as did Eliot Engel, with the Premier in Beijing, and as I recall, you may have said the same thing in Mandarin, and your Mandarin is very good. Afterwards, the delegation on the other side commented on that.    So other members seeking recognition here?    If not, hearing no further--Mr. Trott.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Trott.    Hearing no further requests for recognition to speak on the bill, we now--Mr. Chabot, you are recognized. We are on the legislation on North Korea, Mr. Chabot.    Chairman Royce. Well, we thank you, Mr. Chabot, and as I say, hearing no further requests, we now move to consider en bloc the bipartisan amendments. There were three of them provided to your office just yesterday, which are also in your packets.    And without objection, the following amendments to H.R. 757 will be considered as en bloc and are considered as read: One is the Castro amendment 22, the Connolly amendment 23, and the Poe amendment 83.    Chairman Royce. I am assuming no one wants to speak on any of these en bloc. Mr. Castro would. Mr. Castro.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Castro.    Any other members seeking time?    Hearing no further requests for recognition, the question occurs on the amendments considered en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    All those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, and the Castro, Connolly, and Poe amendments are agreed to.    Are there any further amendments to the bill? Hearing no further amendments, the question occurs on agreeing to H.R. 757, as amended.    All those in favor, say aye.    All those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it. The bill, as amended, is agreed to. And, without objection, H.R. 757, as amended, is ordered favorably reported and will be reported as a single amendment in the nature of a substitute. Staff is directed to make any technical and conforming changes, and also without objection, the Chair is authorized to seek House consideration of any of today's measures under suspension of the rules. And that concludes our business today.    I want to thank Ranking Member Engel and all of the committee members for their contributions and all of your assistance in today's markup. We stand adjourned.