    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here. General Breedlove, in your opinion has Russia achieved an operational capability of its INF Treaty-violating ground-launch cruise missile?    General Breedlove. Congressman, I would really like to talk to you about that in a classified environment. And I would--I will get on your calendar to do that.    Mr. Rogers. I would appreciate that. Let me ask this, do you agree with Chairman Dempsey that Russia's INF systems pose a threat to our deployed forces in Europe?    General Breedlove. Yes, sir, I do.    Mr. Rogers. And what is your best military advice about the response most likely to assure our allies and to prevent Russia from attaining military advantage from these actions?    General Breedlove. Congressman, there are a series of things that we can do and some of those were discussed by some of our senior leaders in the past days. We need to first and foremost signal that we cannot accept this change and that, if this change is continued, that we will have to change the cost calculus for Russia in order to help them to find their way to a less bellicose position.    Mr. Rogers. A little while ago one of our--my predecessors on the dais up here asked you about what would Russia do next, in your opinion, if it continues unopposed across Ukraine, and they specifically asked if you thought that the Baltics, Estonia, Lithuania, would be the next target and you stated that you felt that Vladimir Putin fully understood Article 5. So what is your professional opinion as to what might be the next concern that we would have in that region?    General Breedlove. Congressman, it is a tough question and there are several options available. As I mentioned before, I think, first and foremost, Mr. Putin has not accomplished his objectives yet in Ukraine, so next is probably more action in Ukraine.    We do see the seeds of issues in Transnistria and Eastern Moldova. We do see, as you know, continued pressure being put on Georgia and Gagauzia. So there are several places where pressure is being brought on these nations to keep them from leaning West and so there are options there.    I do, as I have said already today, believe that Mr. Putin understands Article 5 but I do not believe that that would preclude Mr. Putin from taking some actions in reaching out to the disparate Russian-speaking populations that are in some of our easternmost nations in NATO.    Mr. Rogers. Is it your opinion that if we don't--and I am asking your opinion, I don't want to be leading in this question. But if lethal aid is not provided by the United States, does your best military opinion that the Ukrainian military can, in fact, stop the progress of the Russian troops across their country? Or can they not?    General Breedlove. Congressman, in the current configuration, I do not think that the Ukrainian forces can stop a Russian advance in Eastern Ukraine. And to the degree that we can supply help, I am not sure that they could stop a Russian advance in Eastern Ukraine even if we supply aid. I think that our----    Mr. Rogers. Lethal aid?    General Breedlove. Lethal aid, that is correct. Congressman, I think that what we are talking about is changing the calculus of the decisions that Mr. Putin has to make and the cost to him in his internal environment more than the external environment.    Mr. Rogers. You are talking body bags?    General Breedlove. That is right. I think we should talk about raising the cost for Russia in many dimensions, yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. Wormuth--thank you, General. In reading your opening statement I was concerned that you made no reference at all to INF Treaty violations by Russia, given that Secretary Carter right out of the gate has made it clear. This is a big problem that we are facing and he takes it seriously. Why did you not think it was worthy of mentioning in your opening statement?    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally.