    Ms. Berrick. Sure. There's really two issues with the growth and management headquarters of the Department of Defense. The first issue is there has been significant growth and DOD hasn't been doing a periodic reevaluation of resources dedicated to headquarters. So, for example, we recently issued a report looking at the three functional combatant commands. There's about 10,500 civilian and military personnel dedicated to headquarters at these three commands. That's grown over 50 percent in the last 10 years. And that is a similar trend that we've seen across the geographic combatant commands, OSD to joint staff, and other organizations. So we think that DOD needs to do a periodic reassessment of resources devoted to those entities.    The second issue is DOD is pursuing cuts within its management headquarters functions at the Department. The Secretary of Defense directed a 20 percent cut. The problem is, as the comptroller general mentioned, it's focused on a very small percentage of the headquarters within DOD. So, for example, of the functional combatant commands that I reference, there's 10,500 personnel--headquarters personnel dedicated. These cuts will only apply to less than a quarter of those personnel. So we've recommended that DOD look more broadly at all of its headquarters personnel versus just this small--relatively small portion called management headquarters.    Ms. Berrick. Yeah. Thank you for the question. There has been significant progress. In fact, we identified that DOD saved over $5 billion in savings from pursuing a consolidated uniform moving forward. When we started the work and issued last year's duplication--or the year before's duplication report, the Army was getting ready to move forward with a procurement for their own camouflage uniform, but thanks to the legislation that you helped sponsor and which required DOD to pursue this in a more coordinated fashion, they did, in fact, do that and made some progress.    In addition, DOD issued some joint criteria to ensure that the protection of the servicemembers on the battlefield when they're developing uniforms, and that they do that in a coordinated fashion as well. So there has been some good progress.    Ms. Berrick. Yeah. And I'll start off by saying that GAO's designated this actually a high-risk area for DOD, that they get a better handle on their property. But just to give you a few statistics, DOD has over 500,000 real property entities that's valued at about $850 billion. So the magnitude of this is really enormous. DOD manages their real property through a database, as you mentioned. Most of the records in that database are blank. And there's only data elements for about 53 percent of those facilities.    In addition, the data that's there, there's lots of inaccuracies. So, for example, we found another 7,500 records that showed a zero percent utilization record in their database, yet it was shown in active status, which means it's needed for DOD to meet its mission. During the course of our work we actually visited 12 installations to see if we could find facilities just visiting those 12 that were underutilized or unutilized. And, by the way, this is important because those facilities could be disposed of to achieve savings or underutilized facilities could be consolidated to achieve savings. At just those 12 facilities we identified a number of examples. Four buildings specifically that were sitting empty. They weren't reflected on the property management records. And there was an opportunity with those four to potentially dispose of them or consolidate space.    So we'll continue to monitor it. DOD's made some incremental improvements in their data. They recognize it's a problem, but more work remains.    Ms. Berrick. Sure. This is--actually is another GAO high risk area, supply chain management, of which inventory is one of three elements of it. There's actually a good news story here in that DOD has paid considerable attention to making sure that they only have the inventory on hand that they need. They set aggressive inventory reduction goals over the past years and largely have achieved them. There's only one remaining area that we're really focused on, is that they maintain the progress that they've made to date, and that they put in a framework to ensure that this continues as leadership changes within the military, that they keep this emphasis in focus. So we think this is actually a good news story, but that DOD needs to continue the progress that it's made in this area.    Ms. Berrick. Okay. Just to clarify that. There was only data in DOD's real property database for 53 percent of the facilities. So basically----    Ms. Berrick. Right. And the----