    Mr. Morris. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Vice Chairman Lance, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members and staff of the committee. My name is Ed Morris. I am the Vice President and Director for America Makes, the National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute, and we are consciously dual branded as America Makes, the National Manufacturing Innovation Institute.    The maker community wants to deal with America Makes. We are happy to deal with industry. In the maker community you get a little leery of institutes, too formal, too official, so that is the reason for the dual branding.    We are operated by the National Center for Defense Manufacturing and Machining, a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) company that has been in existence for over 14 years solving technical, manufacturing, and business problems for our clients.    Our mission at America Makes begins with, why do we exist? And as we all know, the U.S. manufacturing economy, the economic engine of manufacturing, is nowhere near as robust as it has historically been or needs to be. So what are we going to do about that? We are taking this incredible technology of additive manufacturing and accelerating it in the United States by dealing with the technical issues, the technical barriers, doing technology transition to companies for real products, new companies, et cetera, and then training the next-generation workforce and reinvigorating the interest of the youth of America in manufacturing as a well-paid, excellent career.    Why additive manufacturing? As has been shared, it is a disruptive game changer. And game changer is often overused, but I am comfortable with declaring that additive manufacturing absolutely is a game changer, fundamentally because when you change the game, you change the rules, and this has a whole new set of rules.    We have a lot of people come to us and talk about the excitement and their interest in additive manufacturing and say: Ed, I want to get involved in additive manufacturing.    ASME has identified seven different types of additive manufacturing, and I realize when people approach us, it is like asking me, ``Hey, Ed, I want to cook dinner. Help me cook dinner.'' And to be more specific, what heat source are you going to be using, lasers, et cetera? What materials are you going to be using? Are you going to be using polymers or plastics? Are you going to be using metals? Are you going to be using ceramics? Are you going to be using organic tissue? Are you going to be using human tissue?    Then what are you going to do with it? What is for dinner? Are you going to be serving plastic parts, mechanical parts, electronic parts? Food? 3D Systems did a demonstration of printing Oreo cookies for a demonstration that we were involved with. And you can print body parts.    One of the things that excites me is the potential of integrated mechanical and electronic 3D printing devices, and one of our key members, the University of Texas at El Paso, with the W.M. Keck Center for 3D Innovation, we have recognized them as our first satellite center, broadening our footprint in a very substantial way across the United States.    Our public partners in this adventure are the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, Department of Commerce, Department of Education, NASA, the National Science Foundation, FAA, and the FDA, and we are strong believers in the power and wisdom of a public-private partnership.    We currently have 163 members. In correcting an era in the printed testimony, we have 55 small businesses, not 85, 43 large businesses, 13 Government partners, 10 nonprofit organizations, and 4 manufacturing extension partners, or MEPs, and they are a very valuable partner in helping doing the technology transition for this.    As of January 2016, we had an $87 million portfolio of research and development. Sample projects, our use of additive manufacturing in the foundry business, led by YoungstownBusiness Incubator, revolutionizing the foundry casting business, making sure it stays on shore, taking out costs, cycle time, and improving product performance.    We also have a project on biomedical devices with the University of Pittsburgh working on optimizing magnesium alloy for bioabsorbable cranial implants.    Applying the partnership model to education, we are doing lots of activities, including a certification program with the Society of Manufacturing Engineers, a fellowship program with the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.    We are partnering with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs as part of a Google.org grant to train returning military veterans. We think that is a very important service to the Nation. What better source of expertise and competency to tap, and innovative people as well.    And then we are also revolutionizing STEM education for those that want hands-on learning, making math relevant in what you produce with the capabilities.    Regarding the public-private partnership, its ability to, with cost share as the economic model, we think it is a very wise policy and business practice. With the taxpayers' investment on topics of mutual interest we are almost able to double the taxpayer's money. The industry side is able to maximize their research and development dollars. So it really is in line with the Better Buying Power vision of the Department of Defense to optimize contractor research and development and internal research and development.    And then finally, in closing, quoting a good friend, Steve Welby, the honorable secretary of defense for research and engineering, with this technology, let's disrupt ourselves before others disrupt us. Thank you.    Mr. Morris. Yes. In regard to the global economic competition we find ourselves in, it is absolutely true that although the technology of additive manufacturing was invented in the United States, we lost the lead, and generally the sense is the Europeans are ahead by about 5 years because they doubled down with national investments in their areas, and they are the major source of the materials and the 3D printing devices. Although in the United States companies such as 3D Systems are coming on very rapidly and regaining the lead for the United States, which we think is crucial.    I think this really comes into focus, the importance of a public-private partnership as a wise policy for a nation in this global economic competition we find ourselves, and it is a good business model for the taxpayer and for the companies and academia, for that matter.    Mr. Morris. Thank you. Excellent question. That is one of the key reasons why the University of Texas, El Paso, was so attracted to us. Not only are they a leader in developing the technology of additive manufacturing, but also in deploying it in their community with a heavy U.S. Mexican population, economically handicapped. And we want to partner deeper with them to be able to help them continue and then expand their technology transitions, again more education in that area, and spawn new products, et cetera.    Tied to that also is the vision that we have of getting printers in every school in the United States. I was certainly taken aback last year when China announced an intent to put 400,000 printers in every one of their elementary schools. We should be doing the same thing and proceeding up the chain for more than just the elementary schools. That is the time to catch the youth in America, get them excited in careers in making things.    And in our context, when we talk about additive manufacturing, it is a system of systems of design, manufacturing, inspection, production, et cetera. So it is all of these different well-paid, good careers, long-term careers. Catching the youth in America no matter where they are, no matter who they are, I think is pivotal for the United States and is an important step forward.    Mr. Morris. What we are finding as small companies come into America Makes as members, and we operate as a community of practice openly sharing, and we operate in this middle ground of precompetitive activities, when the small companies are able to rub shoulders with companies like 3D Systems, Rockwell Collins, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, et cetera, they develop relationships. So one of our small companies, rp+m in Cleveland, has benefited from that relationship and is now doing contracted work for them.    So building this community, we are very focused on the additive manufacturing supply chain ecosystem: How do we define that, how do we focus it in regional areas? We are doing some pretty incredible things in our region in northeast Ohio and in southwest Pennsylvania trying to flesh out, define that ecosystem, and energize it for all of the communities, and with a focus on those that are most urgently needing that economic boost.    Mr. Morris. Very quickly. We do some summer camps, and one particular summer camp was 7-through-10-year-olds. And one of the exercises was to take the students into a little kiva round hut, white board, and they drew cookie cutters. And one minority student drew a nice little figure cookie cutter. He then took it is over to the desktop 3D printer and made the cookie cutter. And we have got a picture of him, you know, look, mom, this is what I thought, this is what I designed, this is what I manufactured, here is a cookie cutter for you.    Mr. Morris. I personally attended that workshop by FDA in 2014, and I found it intriguing. My background is aerospace and defense, and as I was sitting through the different presentations on medical applications, I found myself about two-thirds away through the first of a 2-day event, I was getting bored.    Why would I be getting bored? The problems and issues that they were all addressing are ubiquitous in additive manufacturing: need better materials properties, need better inspection capabilities, need better design tools, et cetera.    At the end of the 2 days, my personal synthesis was there are basically two differences in medical applications from all the different things, like what they are doing in GE: sterilization and body biocompatibility. Because of the problems, it makes the importance of an institute focused on additive manufacturing and being able to share across business sectors really relevant.    So we were very pleased when the FDA actually became a signed member about a month ago so they can sweep up the things we are already learning, hear their specific needs, and advance all the technology across the United States.    Mr. Morris. It has been interesting in that one of the things that I heard from a good friend, Terry Wohl, who is one of our members, of Wohl Associates, he did some visits at the invitation of the Chinese Government a couple years ago, and they shared that they are doubling down on their national investments in additive manufacturing because they saw what the United States was doing, so they are now surpassing us.    A representative from Singapore visited me personally in Youngstown, Ohio, in our facility in downtown Youngstown, and they have now stood up a center for 3D printing and innovation in Singapore with initial funding of $150 million, more than twice the funding I have.    Mr. Morris. I pay a lot of attention to unintended consequences in what we do. You can do something really admirable, and at the end of the day you are not doing something so admirable. So even with the vision of a printer in every school, we are urgently needing encouragement at all levels of the Government, beginning at the local communities and perhaps in some of the local rotaries, et cetera, foundations and groups that are able to provide some funding.    For example, if we put a 3D printer in Ms. Brown's class and it breaks, who is going to fix it? Who is going to buy the materials? Ms. Brown? That is not very kind.    And for the libraries, same vignette. How do we keep it operating, how do we get the training materials in all the libraries and all the schools, how do we have the resources made available so it is not burdensome when this thing shows up. You can do great things with innovation, but we have to do it wisely.    Mr. Morris. Right.    Mr. Morris. I am not competent to address the regulatory issues, but what I will say is I think where our National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute can come to play in a very important way in advancing bioprinting, as we do with all the other areas of application of additive manufacturing, is getting from the research to the true product application there is historically what is called the valley of death.    And we have got a structure to cross that valley of death. It begins with pooling a community of the researchers, academics, labs, et cetera, across the Nation, with the end users, and start that discourse of what do you need, where are you going, what are you building, how can we apply it, how can we accelerate it.    And so we do a lot of workshops to do roadmapping, and we would eagerly like to do roadmapping with bioprinting. We have several of our members who are doing some landmark research and development in bioprinting, such as the University of Pittsburgh, Case Western University, et cetera. Team those up with the medical end users, working with our new member FDA, et cetera, to lay out what is the right path, how do we accelerate, what is the funding model.    And then continue to go back to this model of the opportunity to do the key thing in a public-private partnership, and that is share the cost. Where it is high risk, Government money comes into play. Industry needs to invest because they are doing the product application. We think that is a very shrewd model going forward, a public-private partnership with cost share, which is the unique capability of an Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute.    Mr. Morris. I am wrestling with jeopardizing and putting at risk a very important relationship we have with Elizabeth Forward School District outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Elizabeth Forward. They are a premier benchmark of redefining education in the United States and leveraging the power of additive manufacturing 3D printing to teach.    The risk in the friendship is they are already being inundated with people that want to know what they are doing, because this is the right place to go. So we need to find some way to assist them. And the key thing at this point is communication, communication. We could use more resources to communicate better across the Nation this is what is happening, this is how you do it, this is where we can work together in the public-private partnership model to in very interesting terms infect the United States with manufacturing is back and it is the right place for careers.    Mr. Morris. So I am not sure I heard everything there. Excuse me.    Mr. Morris. Right. We have got a couple of projects underway and several of our members are deeply involved in medical applications, 3D printing.    Again, the challenge is to get the word out across the Nation in effective ways, so we try to do that communication as best we can. And there are some interesting things that we have been learning in the process, both in terms of the technology of how you do the inspections and the similarity of problems for making parts for a jet engine versus parts that would be embedded in a body, and then some of the more subtle things, and this is really cross-cutting more the medical.    What you heard in some of the testimony from Neal was the models that were made. So a major use of the technique of that manufacturing is for tooling, to be able to do tooling to adopt the surgery and to very carefully and precisely guide the surgery tools, et cetera.    And then there is something interesting to all of these. One of the key pieces of technology that has come along with 3D printing was 3D scanning. And as I was engaged with a conversation with a research scientist in the medical community. Obviously when you have got a piece of bone missing maybe from a car accident, maybe it is a wounded soldier, and you want to do a 3D scan so that that implant perfectly fits, and this is where that bioreabsorbable piece comes into play. As the bone grows back, the body absorbs the implant, then you don't have to remove the metal implant, which is really clever.    And they pointed out something, which was sort of an ``ah-ha, boy, I should have seen this one coming.'' You want it to match, but you also want it to match this side of the head, because if you make this one a different shape than this shape, you have cursed that person for life.    So there are all these different subtleties that we are communicating with the medical community. The explosive use of the technology is incredible. About one-third of the patents as of 2 years ago were in the medical applications of 3D printing.    Mr. Morris. We have initiated 2 years ago a process with DonorsChoose, where donors can go to the Web site and contribute funds and allocate it for 3D printers in their schools or wherever, maybe a Boy Scout troop, Girl Scout troop, et cetera. So that is one mechanism for the public to partner in and put their skin in the game, if you will, to get the printers in the hands of the youth of the United States.    I wanted to also quickly point out another really outstanding benchmarking of using additive manufacturing 3D printing for education is U.S. FIRST in the FIRST Robotics Competitions. Industry has been stepping up in great fashion to tutor and mentor the teams in the FIRST Robotics Competitions. I personally got involved in this attending two of their annual nationwide and global competitions. And we actually set up, we took some 3D printers, and we were doing hospital repair of broken parts in the competition, which was kind of cool.    But that is another excellent model of STEM education, training in all of the aspects of design, including business with this technology, and partnering with industry to put up the deep engineering talent working and mentor the students outside school.