    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thank you all for being here today.    As we approach another last minute extension of various tax provisions, it is critical that we continue our efforts to strengthen small business by putting certainty back into our tax code. We all know that failure to take any action creates greater uncertainty and in the end hurts our small businesses who provide two out of every three new net jobs in our country. This hearing today will give the Committee the opportunity to examine just how useful tax extenders are to small business and why their temporary nature creates great challenges.    Section 179 expensing remains one of the most essential tax provisions for small employers in all industries. It is an invaluable tool which provides benefits to small firms by giving them bigger immediate write-offs, reduced paperwork and money to invest back into their businesses. It also serves as a spark to the economy as money saved now is injected back into the marketplace.    While small businesses primarily utilize and benefit from the enhanced section 179 expensing provisions, several other extender provisions are critical to small firms. One such incentive is the research and experimentation credit, the R&D credit. Although this tax credit is a source of frustration for many taxpayers due to its temporary status and complex rules, it has reduced business costs for new research by as much as 7 percent. But most importantly, over 70 percent of the benefits from the credit are attributable to high-paying, domestic, research-based job salaries.    With the end of the year fast approaching, the nation's fiscal health is on the minds of many Americans, especially small business owners, and as a member of this Committee, I am well aware of the challenges created by the Internal Revenue Code and the major obstacles that uncertainty has on business growth. We cannot pass another retroactive extension that applies only to the 2015 tax year. This singular focus does not help our nation's job creators; instead, it hinders their ability to plan for the future and harms the overall economy. We depend on these businesses to spur economic growth by expanding operations, but they cannot do this without the existing tax incentives they have come to rely on. These provisions are critical for small businesses, and it is also critical that we implement these extensions in fiscally responsible manners.    The primary way to achieve this goal is through comprehensive tax reform. Long-term reforms will encourage small entities to make purchases now and in years to come. Providing this certainty helps put money back in the pockets to invest and hire now.    I would like to thank the witnesses for their participation today, and I look forward to their testimony. I yield back.    Ms. CHU. It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Thomas Nichols, an attorney and partner at Meissner Tierney Fisher and Nichols. This firm is over 160 years old and the second oldest firm in Wisconsin. Mr. Nichols also serves as the chairman of the Board of Advisors of the S Corporation Association, and recently served as chair of the S Corporation's Committee of the ABA section of Taxation. Mr. Nichols, thank you for joining us today.    Ms. CHU. Well, I did introduce him earlier. So, but I hope that you can just testify now.    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I would like to address this to anyone on the panel, starting with Mr. Nichols. Of course, one of this Committee's goals is providing business owners with certainty when it comes to taxes. We have talked about the problems of retroactivity and lack of permanency, but what if Congress does not reach a deal on tax extenders at all this month? Can you talk about how this would affect your business's decisions to expand, hire workers, or make business investments?    Ms. CHU. Yes?    Ms. CHU. Anybody else? Mr. Shavell?    Ms. CHU. Okay. Mr. Nichols, any time we consider renewing tax incentives, one of the driving principles is cost. Two of the most expensive provisions are the ones small businesses rely on the most, section 179 and the R&D credit. What role should budget neutrality play in our efforts to extend these tax incentives permanently?    Ms. CHU. Mr. Shavell, small firms often have the fewest resources to spend on accountants to identify potential tax breaks. And there are individuals and businesses that spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with these filing requirements. How does the continuing debate about how to extend tax provisions create advantages for firms that can devote those resources to monitoring tax modifications?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I yield back.    I now recognize the chairman, Chairman Chabot, for 5 minutes.