    Mr. O'Rielly. Thank you, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee for the honor of appearing before you today. I add my comments about Ray and he knows my thoughts about him as well.    Let me start with the issue of FCC process reform, as my colleague did. I find it necessary to reiterate that my efforts are not about undermining the chairmanship. As I have previously stated, even if every one of my proposals were adopted, the chairman would still control the agenda and win every vote. Additionally, this is not a response to the process or outcome of net neutrality. These problems existed prior to that particular item and remain today. Instead, my efforts attempt to empower the public to engage with the Commission through a fair process, rather than one deeply slanted to ensure that only the right insiders get information and can influence outcomes.    At the same time, we must ensure that the rights of commissioners are not overrun by the chairman and the entrenched bureaucracy. Take, for example, our rules prohibiting all employees, including commissioners, from releasing non-public information about our proceedings. It sounds noble until you realize that the current practice prevents testing out ideas and exchanging creative ways to consider an issue. Moreover, the rule is being applied in a discriminatory manner to ensure that the chairman and certain staff can push selected information to favored parties, while the commissioners remain muzzled.    As for the chairman's process review task force, it is important for the subcommittee to realize what is actually occurring. The chairman came before this body three times last year and essentially said that my ideas were legitimate and he was going to consider each one through a special task force. The reality is, 1 year later that task force has shown its real purpose to diffuse the debate and deflect legislation in Congress. Just Friday, ironically, the last day of so-called Sunshine Week, the message was delivered that the general counsel, chairman, and other majority commissioners, have objected to almost each and every idea I raised. My proposal is to beef up written rationales for statutory authority, provide a check for instances when delegated authority is being taken too far, represent the opposing viewpoints when allowing outside witnesses at open meetings, or give the public more information about proposals being considered were all denied. They were even unwilling to agree to such basic courtesies as holding off on press rollout until an item has actually been circulated to commissioners.    In sum, all the chairman's leadership team can agree to do is minutiae, such as setting expectations for timelines to post proposed edits on our internal email chains.    This demonstrates that there is no intention of making any real changes absent congressional directives that would improve the ability of Americans to participate in the government.    To the extent the subcommittee reads additional areas to review, I would observe that the Office of General Counsel has turned from an office focused on providing mutual legal analysis and defending Commission items before the courts into what it believes is effectively a sixth commissioner, with the ability to supersede the views of duly appointed and sworn commissioners. This is harmful to the FCC as an institution and will ensure that impartiality and rule of law are forever limited to the realm of secondary considerations.    Turning to substance, I applaud the subcommittee for its extensive efforts to increase the amount of commercial spectrum and remove barriers to the deployment of wireless facilities. Part of my attention is focused on opening up millimeter waves for the Next-Generation networks. Accordingly, all potential bands should be considered and simple and proven licensing frameworks should be adopted to ensure maximum investment and innovation.    The Commission also appears on track to meet its commitment to provide further relief for small cell siting but more can be done to increase infrastructure deployment, namely, concluding the decades-old twilight tower review and addressing localities that continue to hinder facility siting. In the same vein, we must increase our efforts to open up the 5.9 gigahertz band for unlicensed use. Combining these frequencies with adjacent 5 gigahertz spectrum would permit increased throughput, speed and capacity. It is not my intention to prevent or undermine dedicated short-range communications deployment, as sharing can occur without causing harmful interference to safety of life applications.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, sir. I have written about this and I believe the chairman has an opportunity to write a simple letter to authorize all commissioners to speak as needed on any item through the end of his tenure. He has declined to do that, so far.    Mr. O'Rielly. They have provided more specifics on particular items but what I am suggesting is that the current process is just simply broken. I am not sure that other commissioners or other chairmen have provided such descriptions as my colleague has provided where you are getting the blog, you are getting the press rollout, you are getting the fact sheets that are not accurate.    Mr. O'Rielly. I am actually prohibited from correcting the fact sheets when people come and meet with me. I can't say you know I know you think it is going this way but actually that is not true. I am not allowed to tell them gee, you are completely wrong; I have read the item, that is not right.    Mr. O'Rielly. So, one of the issues that I have been working on and the Commission has been gracious and the chairman has been gracious in helping me facilitate is getting to some of the money side of the equation. How do we dry up money for pirate radio broadcasters? And I think that is something where we can focus in legislation and we are working with your good staff in trying to target how to get at the money part from--we have a number of people that are advertising. We have political campaigns that are advertising on pirate radio stations. We have concert venues that are advertising. We need to figure out how best to go after the money side.    But I want to be careful on that. I want to make sure that it is narrowly targeted so that we don't go after those who are trying to a good job that are unfortunately captured in that universe, such as building owners and renters. We want to go after those that are facilitating, not those that may have provided some----    Mr. O'Rielly. I would like that.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree with my colleague on both the content and the point he is making and the point you made.    And I take it to another example. And I know we have talked about set top boxes in a number of different questions. But if you look at the statute, the Commission is taking this beyond the equipment itself and taking it to applications. And the statute says converter boxes, interactive communications equipment, and other equipment. And yet we are taking it to applications. And first we take equipment and interpret it to be software and then software goes to applications. So, applications have nothing to do with the set top boxes as they operate today would be covered by our rules.    Mr. O'Rielly. So, I agree to the point that you may be concerned about the specific language being shared but even the ideas themselves. Nonpublic information is the term used in the rule. So, anything that is nonpublic. So, if there is an idea in here----    Mr. O'Rielly. That is accurate.    Mr. O'Rielly. Absolutely right. So, I agree with your analysis and it could be corrected by--but it actually happens today under the current structure because the fact sheets that are being put out and are inaccurate and I don't have the right under our rules to correct them.    Mr. O'Rielly. I would be fully comfortable releasing information so we could make a judgment whether my analysis is right or wrong.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, there are.    Mr. O'Rielly. So to your point in terms of the cart before the horse, here is a quote from an FCC staffer working on the issues. He said in terms of precise information about how information is being used right now, I don't know that we have that. They don't know what is being used by the ISPs today but we have a solution in the proposals.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree that it would be challenged. I suspect it will be challenged in court. And we will see if they survive that. And barring a change in direction of the Commission, I think they----    Mr. O'Rielly. Well, I will answer it this way. I don't know the answer to that and part of it is because we have a variable band plan. So, we don't know how much spectrum we are actually selling. We are going to let the market decide some of those things through the good legislation you do.    So, we don't know how many people are going to be displaced. And so some of that will require a little bit of time to figure out. What I have said, that I would be the first one here if the 1.75 is not sufficient to advocate that Congress reconsider this number.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree.    Mr. O'Rielly. I will just say I agree. I think the definition was wrong at the time and we should clarify.