    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock. I want to thank you, Chairman Loudermilk, Chairman Smith, for holding this hearing on the recent OPM data breach. I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here this afternoon.    Unfortunately, major cyber attacks are happening more frequently. Today, we're going to talk about the significant breaches at the Office of Personnel Management. I have not received notification, but I believe I may have been a victim of this. But we all know that--I don't want to take away the significance of it but it's important to note there have been increasing number of cyber attacks in both the private and public sector where I know I've definitely been a victim of some of these attacks.    Several years ago, I began working on cybersecurity legislation, the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act, with my colleague Mr. McCall. Our legislation dealt with cybersecurity standards, education, and workforce development. When we started, I said that I had no doubt that threats from individual hackers, criminal syndicates, and even other governments would grow and evolve along with our increased use of the internet. Unfortunately, I was right.    In February, Anthem, one of the Nation's largest health insurance companies, announced it suffered a cyber breach that compromised the records of 80 million current and former customers. And just last year, there were high-profile breaches at J.P. Morgan Chase, eBay, Target, and many others affecting millions of people.    Although I was happy that my bill with Mr. McCall was enacted at the end of last Congress, there is much, much more to do in the area of cybersecurity. Cybercrime and cyber espionage continue to threaten our national security, our critical infrastructure, businesses of all sizes, and every single American. This latest data breach at OPM is just another example of that.    In the OPM breach, millions of federal employees' personal information has been compromised, leading to significant concerns about how the stolen information will be used. Additionally, since OPM conducts more than 90 percent of all security clearance background investigations, this breach is an example of how cyber attacks threaten our national security. We must do better.    It'll take a collective effort in both the public and private sector to improve cybersecurity, and I cannot emphasize enough the importance of research into the social and behavioral aspects in this area. Our IT infrastructure is built, operated, and maintained by humans from the average worker at her desktop to Chief Information Officer of a major company or agency. Most cyber attacks are successful because of human error such as unwittingly opening a malicious email or allowing one's credentials to be compromised. Understanding the human element is necessary to combat threats and reduce risks.    To set governmentwide guidelines protecting federal information security systems, Congress passed--if I can turn my page--an example of human error here. Congress passed the Federal Information Security Modernization Act, or FISMA. FISMA, which was updated at the end of last Congress, requires federal agencies to develop, document, and implement an agencywide information security program.    Along with being responsible for their own information security system, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is tasked with developing standards and guidelines for all civilian federal information systems. Since NIST plays a critical role in protecting our nation's information security systems, it's important that they be part of this conversation. I'm happy that Dr. Romine is here today to tell us more about how NIST develops FISMA standards and how they work with other federal agencies.    FISMA also requires annual reviews of individual agencies' information security programs, as well as reviews of information security policies in the implementation of FISMA requirements governmentwide. I hope to hear from our witnesses about the steps necessary to ensure that OPM meets FISMA requirements, as well as how other agencies are doing in this space.    More information security systems, both in the public and private sector, will surely be subject to cyber attacks in the future, and while it's impossible to completely protect the connected information security system, we must do all we can to protect the personal information of millions of Americans and conduct the oversight to ensure such steps are taken. This hearing is the beginning of a conversation on how we can do that, and we must make sure that we follow through with action.    I look forward to our discussion this afternoon. Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I want to get down to the big question and what--in terms of what we should do moving forward here. It's not acceptable for these data breaches to occur at OPM, anywhere else in the government, or in the private sector. We know--okay, we accept--we know that they can happen but I sometimes feel like there's not enough done not just in the public sector but the private sector to prevent these.    So my question is how do we make FISMA effective? I understand, as Dr. Romine said, that NIST, for good reason, only sets the standards; they're not the enforcer. So who should be, who can be the enforcer when it comes to the federal government? And I want to--just want to try to figure this out so that we can get someone so we know who's accountable, who can be held accountable, and who has the responsibility. So, Mr. Esser, what would you recommend?    Mr. Lipinski. Dr. Romine, do you have any recommendations?    Mr. Lipinski. Mr. Wilshusen, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Lipinski. Is there anything more that you recommend that we do? As you said, FISMA has been updated but is there anything more that should be done with, you know, that Congress should do with FISMA? Does anyone have any recommendations for anything further?    Mr. Lipinski. Okay. Mr. Esser, did you want to add something?    Mr. Lipinski. Anyone else have anything to add?    Good. All right. Thank you very much. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize Mr. Loudermilk.