    Dr. MADLAND. Thank you, Chairman Hardy and Chairman Hanna, Ranking Member Adams, and members of the Subcommittee. I very much appreciate the opportunity to be here.    My name is David Madland. I am a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress Action Fund. CAP Action is an independent, nonpartisan, and progressive education and advocacy organization dedicated to improving the lives of Americans through ideas and actions.    The President's executive actions that are the subject of today's hearing draw widespread support from a broad coalition of supporters. Not only do organizations representing workers, veterans, women, the elderly, and taxpayers support many of these actions, but so, too, do a number of small businesses. Many small businesses feel that these executive actions will help them compete on a level playing field and make the contracting process more welcoming to businesses like theirs. Indeed, in 2015, small business contracting, as a percentage of total government contracting, was at record high levels.    Though I think the general points I make could be applied to most, if not all, of the President's contracting reforms, I will focus my remarks on those that address minimum wage, require paid sick, ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, and ensure companies comply with workplace laws before getting new government contracts.    The federal government has a long and successful history of starting important social changes with federal contractors. For example, President Lyndon Johnson prevented companies that contract with the federal government from discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Actions by President Richard Nixon furthered these protections. Ronald Reagan sought to promote minority contractors. Bill Clinton encouraged contractors in economically distressed areas. George W. Bush sought to ensure contractors employed only American citizens or legal residents.    President Obama's efforts to raise standards for workers on federal contracts build on this history and are an important part of making the economy work for everyone, not just the wealthy few. In the United States today, wages have been stagnant for decades, while economic inequality is near record levels. Too many people are struggling to pay bills, especially those working in low-wage industries where wage theft is rampant as employers pay workers less than they are legally required. Many Americans cannot take time off if they get sick, and people often face discrimination because of their sexual orientation and gender identity. Discrimination based on race and gender still occurs, despite previous federal actions.    At the same time these executive actions address important economic and social challenges, they also promote economy and efficiency in government contracting. The basic idea is that treating workers fairly leads to better results for taxpayers. Human capital is the core input into many federal contracts, and taxpayers receive the most efficient and effective utilization of all available manpower when workers are treated fairly.    Not surprisingly, giving these benefits to taxpayers, businesses, and workers, many state and local governments have already implemented similar policies, and evidence shows that these policies tend to work pretty well. A study of New York City's paid sick leave found that after 1-1/2 years after the law went into effect, 86 percent of employers supported the policy.    Studies examining LGBT contracting policies in state and local governments found that in almost all localities, any resistance to these policies was minimal and short-lived. The State of Maryland's living wage law conducted by the state found that the number of bids increased after the State adopted the policy by nearly 30 percent. Statements from officials in San Francisco and Los Angeles indicate that their responsible contracting systems have increased the pool of experienced firms willing to bid for their work. Private companies are also adopting similar wage and responsibility review processes.    That is why there are a number of small businesses that support these kinds of policies. Indeed, a Maryland state contractor who first decided to bid only after the living wage was enacted said without these standards, ``the bids are a race to the bottom. That is not a relationship we want to have with our employees. Living wage puts all bidders on the same footing.''    The president of American Small Business Chamber of Commerce explained that the President's executive order on the minimum wage will ``help level the playing field.'' A poll from the small business majority found that nearly 80 percent of small business owners support a law to ban discrimination against LGBT employees, and a hearing at this very Committee, construction contractor Bill Albanesi stated that the Fair Pay and Safe Workplace Executive Order ``makes good business sense.'' It makes good sense to vet the contractor before he gets a job. It is common in our industry. We do it all the time and we do not see it as being a burden to any legitimate fair contractor that is playing by the rules.    In summary, executive actions help address problems in the economy and they are supported and help workers, businesses, and taxpayers. Thank you.    Dr. MADLAND. Yes. As I said in my opening statement, the share of government contract dollars that are going to small businesses is at record highs, which indicates that the President's efforts to focus on small business are working. Yet I think there is significant room for large contractors to do quite well because the scope of government dollars going to government contracts over the past several decades has increased significantly, so there is more total work out there even if a significant percentage now is going to small businesses.    Dr. MADLAND. Sure. I think most of my testimony comes based on the experience when state and local governments implement similar policies. While I am by no means discounting the concerns that the panelists here have stated, you often find, before the policies get enacted, significant concerns, but after they go into a place they are less significant.    Just to read one very small quote. This was San Francisco. The Vice President of the local Chamber of Commerce, which led the fight against the city's paid sick leave before it passed, reported that the law's impact was ``minimal,'' and that ``by and large paid sick days has not been much of an issue.'' We have actual evidence from, for example, I cited the Maryland study of the living wage where the first and only State to pass a living wage, much higher wages for government contracts, and they actually found that the number of bidders for state projects increased after they implemented the law.    Dr. MADLAND. Yes. I think the overtime regulations are an important step forward to ensuring that workers, when they work more than 40 hours a week when they are lower income, will receive time and a half, which is the basic bargain of overtime. As you know, the standard had been eroded over decades so that very few salaried workers were receiving overtime. It used to be that the majority of salaried workers received overtime and the new regs will do that, which is part of how you ensure that workers have wages to spend that can go into the pockets of small business owners.    Dr. MADLAND. Sure. The basic story, as I said, wages have been stagnant for quite some time. They are just starting to tick up. That has caused a lack of overall demand in the economy, which has reduced new hiring by small businesses and all businesses because there is not enough new consumers out there. Raising people's wages through the minimum wage and through overtime will help boost overall demand in the economy, which can help create a virtuous cycle and grow the larger economy.    Dr. MADLAND. Wage theft is when companies do not pay the legally required wages. That typically means they are paying less than, for example, the minimum wage. One of the key examples actually in support of the Fair Pay and Safe Workplace Executive Order was a worker named Helen Avalos, who worked up at Walter Reed as a contractor janitor. Her company just stopped paying her, stopped paying her and all the other workers. She has got rent, got kids. Does not have, you know, low income. What is she going to do? The company continued to receive new government contracts. That is kind of what I mean by wage theft. It is breaking the law by failing to pay legally required wages. The independent contractors----    Dr. MADLAND. Yes. But if they are not doing it, that is wage theft. That is what wage theft is, is breaking----    Dr. MADLAND. She was working as a federal contractor and, no, she actually did not really have much recourse. She and her coworkers protested outside and said what is going on? It was weeks of not getting paid.    Dr. MADLAND. I think you are talking about the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces. For most companies without legal violations, they will simply check a box certifying they do not have legal violations, akin to what is done for tax violations. For those that do, there will be some additional reporting requirements. However, again, the goal of those reporting----    Dr. MADLAND. The goal of those reporting requirements is to provide sort of a warning to have further review of the company's larger----    Dr. MADLAND. Yes. Obviously, you need to weigh the cost and the benefits and the time that is required.    Dr. MADLAND. Well, as I said, most of the time, most companies will have a very simple process. There will be a more involved process for companies with legal violations. But again, the goal is to get those companies into compliance with the law, that seems like a worthy goal. Also, the studies of the cost estimates suggest it is going to be less than a cent for every hundred dollars of federal contracts of the additional cost, and that is a burden, but also, you are helping draw in more law-abiding companies that then will want to contract with the government that are familiar with similar processes. Lots of private companies----