    Mr. Latta. I appreciate the chairman for yielding and I also want to thank the Commissioner for being with us today.    I am always continually amazed by the success and the productivity of the communications and technology industry. This dynamic sector is a bright spot in our economy, as it rapidly advances and evolves to meet consumer demands. Given the Federal Communications Commission's integral role in this marketplace, it is critical that Congress monitor its regulatory policies that impact the industry's success.    With that said, I am concerned with some of the actions and proposals emerging from the Commission. Take for instance, the set top box Notice of Proposed Rulemaking which seeks to replace the failed cable card regime with yet another government-dictated standard. And Congressman Green and I worked together to get our bill language inserted into STELAR to eliminate the integration band, we intended to rid the marketplace of an outdated technological mandate. However, rather than allowing consumer demands and competitions to shape the industry, the FCC has placed it upon itself to inhibit the future of pay TV with unnecessary government involvement. The NPRM will surely impede innovation and limit consumer choice.    With that, I look forward to today's hearing and I will yield back to the chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much. And to the Commission, thanks very much for being here today. And oddly enough, Commissioner Pai, I am going to be talking to you and asking some questions about set top boxes and integration band. It seems like something that has been discussed quite a bit this morning. As you know, Congressman Green and I were able to secure language in stellar to eliminate the integration band in order to rid the marketplace of outdated technology and to foster greater competition innovation.    The FCC is now contemplating mandates that would leave multichannel video programming distributors no choice but to provide a box on top of the third-party device. This would once again bring us back to the problems of integration band of higher cost to consumers for devices and higher energy costs for them as well. And in this committee room where we were having the Secretary of Energy reports, he even said that about higher energy costs.    He stated that the FCC should be seeking a boxless solution, which I believe is the future of pay TV. Does the apps-based proposal that was put forth through the Downloadable Security Technology Advisory Committee, the DSTAC, get consumers to a boxless world?    I want to ask you also, as you answer that question, what we are looking at with the FCC's proposing, are we going forward, backwards, staying static, and I think what the consumers out there want to know is where are we going to be in 10 years, not where we were 10 years ago. Commissioner?    Mr. Latta. Why is that? Why did the FCC do that?    Mr. Latta. Let me follow up, Commissioner. Over the past Congress--I have introduced a bill that required the FCC to conduct a cost-benefit analysis at the time of the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and again at the time that the final rule is issued. I think it is important for the public and the Commission to have a better understanding of monitor impact of the FCC rules.    In respect to the proposed set top box rules, I believe it would be of great value to identify the cost and benefits this rule would have on consumers and MVPDs, especially in small and medium sized providers.    Did the Commission complete a cost-benefit analysis of this rule?    Mr. Latta. Why not?    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much and, as my time expires, I yield back. Thank you very much.