    Ms. Rice. you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Varela, maybe I missed this. What is the exact ratio of counselor to veteran?    Ms. Rice. Is there an overall number, or do you have to go that----    Ms. Rice. Okay. So clearly, that is the reason for why you need more counselors, because you can't possibly--no matter how good your IT follow-up system is, you can't have one human being able to do the necessary follow-up. Do you agree?    Ms. Rice. Is it a resource issue for the lack of counselors or a training issue? What is it?    Ms. Rice. The IT enhancements that you were talking about for follow-up purposes, and I know Mr. Takano was asking about using IT, any aspect of the IT enhancement that could address informing veterans of this service, VR&E service, what kind of monetary investment in the IT system would that require? Do you have a dollar figure for that?    Ms. Rice. Okay. I will----    Ms. Rice. Okay. So I am just going to stay with you, Mr. Varela. The 20-year study that Congress mandated found that 90 percent of participants are moderately to highly satisfied. How do you get that statistic? I mean, is there, like, a follow-up questionnaire or----    Ms. Rice. Okay. Well, maybe we can find that out, because I would like to know how they came to that number of 90 percent of participants. It seems awfully high.    Ms. Rice. I just wonder what the universe of people are.    Ms. Rice. Yeah. Certainly, and the questions. Right. The other thing that they found was that women make up a larger percentage of VR&E program participants, 17 to 20 percent than the overall veteran population, which is 9 percent. Are we communicating these services of VR&E better to women vets than we are to men vets? I mean, have you seen an increase more in women accessing this service than men? I mean, help me out there.    Ms. Rice. Well, we know that. Women are far more oriented that way.    So, Ms. Ansley, just my last question. And this goes to what Mr. McNerney was getting to, and I understand trying to involve on a local level small businesses in more rural areas, but is there a gold standard, or a template, for public-private partnership in this VR&E program, meaning are we reaching out to, you know, big businesses, you know, across the country and in individual areas to partner with them? I mean, we just had the Brave Act passed out of here that actually would allow the Secretary of the VA to give preference to businesses that are seeking Federal contracts that show that they have a record of hiring veterans. I mean, I think we all agree that they are some of the most highly-trained Americans that we have.    So is there at present a public-private partnership that exists in that limited area with the VR&E program to help funnel people accessing the VR&E program into private businesses who have shown an interest in hiring veterans?    Ms. Rice. Right.    Ms. Rice. Well, whatever--we can speak off-line in terms of helping to figure that out, because to me that--we have the willingness to hire, and if it is just a simple lack of communication or coordination, we should be able to put that together, it seems to me. Right?    Ms. Rice. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So, Mr. Varela, I am going to ask you this question. There was some VR&E data, and the first thing that I want to make reference to is the volume of VR&E applications has increased over 30 percent from fiscal year 2011 to fiscal year 2014 with a nearly 10 percent growth in VR&E participants over each of the past 2 years. That is a pretty significant increase, right?    Ms. Rice. So the next thing is what causes me--I am curious about, it says even with this traumatic growth, VR&E provided entitled determinations to applicants with an average of 43 days, below the national target of 45 days. How can that be? That with an increase in applicants, there are actually being more efficient, and is it the counselors that you are talking about who make that initial determination?    Ms. Rice. Well, I think we need to. Because I don't see how you can have any increase at this rate of people seeking these services and the determinations are actually made below the targeted rate when we are talking about one of the biggest needs being an increase in counselors, who are the ones who are making these determinations. So that, I just thought, was a little curious. And I didn't know if you would have the answer to that.    So can I just continue on what Mr. McNerney was asking before. If someone--so right now, if you--if someone is placed and you monitor them for 60 days, and they stay in that employment, and you see that as a successful transition, say, 90 days or 120 days later, if that veteran loses their job at any time between 60 days and whenever, do you have a number--do you know how many people are in that category post 60 days separation from their employer who come back to reaccess the VR&E services, and are they allowed to at any time after that?    Ms. Rice. But there is no legal impediment or barrier to a veteran who loses their job post 60 days coming back and reaccessing your services--these services, VR&E services?    Ms. Rice. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am going to ask a slightly proprietary question just because it has to do with some schools in my district. But I want to also, like Mr. Takano, ask about the VetSuccess on Campus program. So you may or may not be aware that Nassau Community College, which is in my home district, is in the running to get a VSOC assigned to its campus. And in order to qualify, they have agreed to partnership with Adelphi University, which is also in my district, and Suffolk Community College, which is just outside of my district, to help their chances of getting a VSOC.    So my question is, I am not going to put you on the spot and say, when do you plan on deciding who gets the VSOCs, because that would be far too self-serving. But what I am getting at is, I understand you say you have 79 VSOCs at 94 locations. Until that number is we have X number at every single location, every school so that every single vet who is attending school can be approached and hopefully get information about the VR&E program or any other service that is available to them. I guess my question is how many other colleges are trying to get a VSOC right now at this moment, and do you have plans to expand this program in the future?    Ms. Rice. It wouldn't be an ideal situation to have one counselor for three schools that are not always geographically friendly, but at least that is a start. And to me, over and over we hear a recurring issue regarding outreach to veterans. How--where can we find them? How do we communicate with them, whether it is online, through the mail whatever it is. It seems to me that the number of veterans we know--we can capture the number of veterans who are actually using the GI Bill, right? That is a number we have the ability to get. It is like--I don't know if this is a wrong phrase, but it is like shooting fish in a barrel. We know where they are, so why aren't we putting a counselor there to make it easier to do that outreach? So that is that.    One other question for you. Many of our veterans, and we hear over and over again, they face invisible barriers to employment. So my question is, how do you train VR&E counselors to work with vulnerable veterans who are suffering from a mental health issue, so it is not a lost limb or something that overt, and who may have been discharged with an other-than-honorable designation?    Ms. Rice. One of my other questions, I know I am out of time, but I wanted to see what you were doing. What are counselors doing to help veterans find--find and retain housing, which is this--they are equally problematic, the joblessness and the homelessness, obviously. But I think my time is up.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman----    So can you answer that about, we talk a lot about employment, but what are you doing in terms of helping veterans obtain and retain housing?    Ms. Rice. Well, if there is any obstacle to that communication that really should happen between the two agencies responsible for these two issues, I would hope that you would bring that to our attention if there is something that we could do. Because there is no reason to silo those two issues, homelessness and joblessness.    Ms. Rice. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.