    Mr. MOFFIT. Thank you very much. Chairman Tiberi, distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, ladies and gentlemen, my name is Robert Moffit. I am a senior fellow at the Center for Health Policy Studies at the Heritage Foundation. And I want to say it is really an honor and a privilege to have the opportunity, the rare opportunity, to address the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health, the most powerful Committee in Congress, and one that has such a great influence on the course of American life.    Rest assured, I am testifying today solely in my own capacity. Nothing I say here today will represent the views of the Heritage Foundation or its management or its board of trustees.    Mr. Chairman, the Congressional Budget Office recently issued a rather somber warning about the state of America's fiscal health. It is impossible, of course, to tackle the growing fiscal problems of the Nation without addressing Federal entitlement spending, including Medicare. Of all the Federal entitlements, Medicare represents the greatest single challenge.    Looking ahead, the Congressional Budget Office says that, in particular, revenues are going to be--remain steady as a percentage of GDP over the coming decade. But then the CBO says--and I quote--the aging of the population and the rising costs of health care are projected to substantially boost Federal spending on Social Security and the government's major health programs over the next 10 years and beyond.    We are facing, in other words, serious deficits. We are back to trillion-dollar deficits, and we are looking at major increases in our debt. The policy challenge is very difficult, but it is not impossible. Congress and the Administration need to balance the burdens yet to be imposed on the taxpayer with the needs of growing millions of enrollees who depend upon Medicare. And to accomplish this objective, policymakers should undertake specific structural changes to alleviate the taxpayers' fiscal burdens, while ensuring the financial security and improving the medical care of millions of seniors.    In other words, in short, the job--as Kate Baicker has just said, the job is to get better value for the ever-larger expenditure of Medicare dollars.    This morning I am going to suggest that Congress reconsider structural changes to the Medicare program, specifically the simplification of the existing traditional Medicare program. And the best way to do that is to combine Medicare Part A and Part B, expand the existing policy of limiting taxpayer subsidies to the wealthiest classes of American citizens, and to gradually raise the normal retirement age of eligibility for Medicare enrollment.    I am also going to suggest that Congress consider expanding the defined contribution of financing, which right now governs the provision of prescription drugs and comprehensive coverage and Medicare Advantage to the rest of the Medicare program. Now, these are very broad policy proposals, and I hasten to add they can be achieved in different ways. And the fiscal impact of these proposals would vary, of course, depending upon such details as the age of eligibility, risk adjustment, or payment formulas, or various modifications in the ways in which these proposals would be implemented.    I want to make one other point. Mr. McDermott made this point, but I think it is important. None of these proposals are novel. They have all been offered before in other contexts. But they all have one thing in common. At different times, under different circumstances, these proposals have generated genuine bipartisan support. Congress could and should pursue a generous bipartisan support.    With regard to the specifics, I think in simplifying Medicare, you can start to reduce Medicare's complexity by combining, as I say, Medicare Part A and Part B into a single plan, but then add catastrophic coverage. Catastrophic coverage is the greatest single need for senior citizens. And at the same time, simplify uniformity. Simplify the deductible and the coinsurance system.    If you are going to add catastrophic coverage, you should also reform the MediGap program to make the catastrophic coverage feature of your change work well. Right now, under the existing MediGap system, we have excessive spending, which actually increases the premiums for senior citizens in Medicare Part B.    With regard to the future of Medicare, my own view is that the defined contribution programs in both Medicare Part C and Medicare Part D have actually been very successful in providing a wide variety of healthcare benefits to senior citizens at reasonable cost. This performance that we have had so far offers tremendous opportunity, I think in the future, to improve both the quality of care for senior citizens and, at the same time, do it in a fashion which will be fiscally responsible.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    That concludes my remarks.    Mr. MOFFIT. Mr. Chairman, I was here in 1988, when we had the first major debate on adding a catastrophic provision to the Medicare program, the Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988. It was repealed 1 year later. I know exactly what happened then. I was there.    What happened was that Congress took President Reagan's proposal, which was a very reasonable proposal to protect senior citizens against the financial devastation of catastrophic illness, and added a whole series of benefits on top of it, and imposed on seniors, basically, requirements to pay for many benefits they already had--a prescription drug benefit.    The result was, at that time, a massive revolt among senior citizens. And within 1 year, that law was repealed. And unfortunately, it was repealed because of overreach. That is why that happened. It is something that is seared on my memory. I was congressional relations director for the Department of Health and Human Services.    It is a no-brainer. It is absolutely a no-brainer for us to have a catastrophic piece in Medicare. There is no reason why traditional Medicare should not have a catastrophic coverage piece. The reason why senior citizens buy MediGap coverage--9 out of 10 of them do--which ends up with first-dollar coverage, is precisely because they do not have protection from the most important thing that health insurance should deliver, which is that ultimate protection.    The result of all that has been that the MediGap good plans in many respects, they provide first-dollar coverage. And as virtually every independent analyst including the Medicare Payment Advisory Committee has pointed out, this has resulted in an excessive utilization of the benefit. That is to say that you end up driving costs up. The costs that are being driven up by the overutilization of the benefit because of the MediGap arrangement we have today raises Part B premiums.    I think what we have to do is we have to establish a catastrophic protection in Medicare, but at the same time we must deal directly with this problem of the existing MediGap arrangement which, in fact, is raising costs not only for the taxpayer, but also for senior citizens.    I am not going to say it is simple to do it. I mean it is going to require some difficult, but not impossible, decisions. And this particular proposal, by the way, the idea of combining A and B and adding catastrophic coverage and simplifying the coinsurance and creating a single deductible has almost always been accompanied by MediGap reform. Basically, limiting the first-dollar coverage that MediGap plans can cover for senior citizens, so that we don't have an excessive utilization of Medicare Part B services.    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, Mr. Johnson, when you raised the point about competition, yes, all of the evidence that we have indicates--and I am talking about evidence from Medicare Part D; the Federal Employee Health Benefits program, which has been the longest defined contribution system that we have been dealing with; and Medicare Part D, in particular. All of these examples of head-to-head competition show that you can actually control costs not only in the short term, but over the long term.    With regard to the specialty hospital issue, my colleagues at the Heritage Foundation have not dealt with this issue since 2010, when Congress passed the restrictions on Medicare and prevented the expansion of the specialty hospitals and the physician-owned hospitals. But we did do a literature review prior to that time, and I will be very happy to share it with the Committee.    We had a health policy fellow, Dr. Asha Roy from MIT, who is a physician, to examine what the literature at that time was with regard to the performance of specialty hospitals. And Dr. Roy showed that the specialty hospitals had a very high rate of patient satisfaction, they had lower mortality rates, they had higher-quality measures, higher performance in terms of the quality measures, and they had comparable costs to traditional hospitals. In other words, the specialty hospitals were not in any sense profoundly negatively affecting traditional hospitals.    But getting to the broader point, no. I think it is an absolutely terrible idea for the Federal Government to start picking winners and losers in this area. What we need in health care--and I think we are all in agreement on this, at least as a general principle--is to promote innovation. We want to promote innovation in healthcare benefit design, better health plans, or newer and more effective health plans, but also healthcare delivery.    And with regard specifically to specialty, I mean, every advanced economy increases specialization in terms of the production and distribution of goods and services, production of goods and services. That has happened with regard to specialty hospitals. An artificial barrier to that is basically an artificial barrier to progress, which can provide value for money.    So, I am very much opposed to this policy. I think it is wrong-headed, and I think it will damage opportunities for seniors to get the best possible care. We know, from the professional literature--and I defer to my colleagues here but the literature shows that the more you do a particular set of procedures, whether it is cardiac procedures or orthopedic procedures, the more volume you have, the quality measures go up. And that is just the evidence.    So, the point of your question is very well taken.    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, I do think that----    Mr. MOFFIT. No, I think that is the really critical point. The Congressional Budget Office is the scorekeeper for Members of the House and Senate. They have just recently told you that we are facing major fiscal challenges, which are actually dangerous because for the first time they do not get control of our deficits and our debt, we could have a fiscal crisis in the United States. I mean that is what Mr. Keith Hall recently said to everybody.    Now, the central issue here is what is really the major driver. They are very clear about that. It is primarily the growth in major healthcare spending, as well as other entitlements and the aging of the population.    With regard to Medicare specifically, right now we have about slightly more than three workers basically supporting every Medicare beneficiary. But 2030 we will have 82 million beneficiaries. We will be going from 55 million today to about 82 million.    Mr. MOFFIT. My recommended structural----    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, I have three, but beyond what Dr. Guterman and I agree on is I think we have to raise the age of eligibility. I would raise it to age 68, and gradually do it over a 10-year period. I think that is perfectly reasonable to do that, because the demographics of America have changed. People are living much longer, and that would make sense.    Second, I think that we ought to expand means testing in Medicare. The President himself has recently come out with a proposal. His budget proposal would require upper income seniors to pay more, going forward. And eventually, under the President's proposal, 25 percent of all seniors would be paying above the existing standard rate. I don't think we have to go to 25----    Mr. MOFFIT. My third point is to basically intensify the competition within Medicare among both plans and providers. And I feel that the best way to do that is precisely what the Budget Committee is proposing, which is moving toward a defined contribution system, or a premium support system, which will intensify the competition among plans and providers.    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, I'll take a stab at it, but I'm going to defer to Dr. Baicker. But the real fact of the matter is that about 75 percent of all the healthcare spending in the United States right now is directed toward dealing with chronic care, chronic illnesses. And we have a tremendous increase, unfortunately, in diabetes. It is all over the place.    I'm on the Maryland Healthcare Commission right now and in my capacity I'm in the business right now of examining some of the impact of certain chronic conditions on certain populations in the State of Maryland. And I can tell you diabetes and heart disease is becoming a serious issue. So yes, if we can manage effectively diabetes, for example, and other chronic conditions, in fact, we would really start to save some serious money.    I would just simply add that with regard to the Medicare Advantage program, which is, in fact, a defined contribution type of program, private plans competing against one another have actually pioneered in many respects the kinds of delivery reforms that have proven--that have become very popular more recently. These are things like care coordination and case management and a heavy emphasis on preventive care.    We're going to need more of that as time goes on, but I don't think there's any question. We are in a different kind of disease era right now, and therefore we do need more effective tools both through insurance and through the healthcare delivery system to control those costs, but I'll defer to Dr. Baicker.    Mr. MOFFIT. Congressman, let's get serious about this. There is absolutely no proposal in the House or the Senate that I am aware of that would create a voucher program for Medicare. A voucher is a certificate. It is a certificate or a piece of paper which is redeemable in cash value for a particular good or service. Nobody is talking about sending senior citizens certificates to go out and negotiate with private healthcare plans on their own.    What we are talking about is a defined contribution system. Every Federal worker and every Federal retiree is in that defined contribution system. If you were to tell them that they're in a voucher system, they would probably be very surprised, as would senior citizens who are enrolled in Medicare Part D. And to some extent even Medicare Part C is, in effect, a defined contribution system, but it's not a voucher.    So I think if we're going to have a serious debate in this country about Medicare reform, the first thing we ought to do is to recognize the integrity of the language. People know what vouchers are. If your airplane, for example, is delayed, sometimes they will give you a voucher and you can use it at any restaurant you want.    But the fact of the matter is there is nothing comparable to that being proposed by any Member of Congress that I am aware of, Republican or Democrat, or has been proposed for the past 20-some years where this issue has been discussed, which is actually talking about a voucher system. We're talking about a defined contribution, and most all of our Federal employees are involved----    Mr. MOFFIT. I want to comment on this business about Medicare Advantage being paid more than traditional Medicare. I mean there's one obvious fact that should not be overlooked, and that is people on Medicare Advantage get more benefits. And therefore, that is why it is a higher cost. This is not a market failure on the part of the Medicare Advantage program. This is a statutory requirement. If a plan comes under the official benchmark, they're required by law to provide either lower copayments or richer benefits, and that's what Congress enacted.    So I agree that we ought to have a level playing field, but I think one way to get a level playing field basically would be to bring Medicare Advantage and traditional Medicare into a direct head-to-head confrontation in which we would have a common payment system that would apply to all. I think that would make much more sense.    But I would ask you all to consider one other point. Everybody talks about Medicare Advantage costing more and more money. But when senior citizens join Medicare Advantage, they also are guaranteed catastrophic coverage as well as the additional benefits. They go into Medicare Advantage in many cases because they want to have that kind of protection.    But when they do so and they don't go into the Medigap program, right? They are withdrawing from a structural relationship between Medigap and traditional Medicare, which is right now, everybody agrees, driving costs of Medicare--traditional Medicare up, the excessive utilization.    So my plea would be for the Congressional Budget Office or the general Government Accountability Office or somebody to actually look and find out how much Medicare Advantage is actually saving the taxpayers--by making it an alternative to the traditional Medigap program. Maybe Dr. Guterman doesn't agree with me on this, but I think frankly there's nothing wrong with looking under the hood and finding out.    Mr. MOFFIT. (Off-mic.)    Mr. MOFFIT. I really have nothing to add to that. I think that that is precisely right, and I think that Dr. Baicker has summarized it very well.    Mr. MOFFIT. Joining a plan and participating in the process?    Mr. MOFFIT. Oh.    Mr. MOFFIT. To the best of my knowledge, Congressman, but I haven't made any kind of detailed study of how the behavior has followed from that particular penalty. I'm really not absolutely certain. But I defer, as I said, to Dr. Baicker's understanding of the issue.    Mr. MOFFIT. Sure.    Mr. MOFFIT. There is a difference there. I mean frankly we have right now a creditable coverage requirement that exists in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, which says, in effect, that you can go from one group health insurance plan to another, and you're not rated up--basically it's the same idea--you're not rated up because you have maintained creditable coverage. That's an excellent public policy--that's an excellent public policy provision. And, frankly, to the extent to which the Medicare Part D proposal does that, I think that's perfectly legitimate.    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, with regard to Medicare Advantage, when Medicare Advantage started really growing, it started to be the subject of a lot more intense examination in terms of how it was actually delivering medical services. And the good news here for Medicare Advantage is that some of the best work in the professional literature indicated, in fact, compared to traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage actually scored higher on a lot of performance measures.    We keep talking about quality of care in Medicare Advantage, but frankly I think the more serious problem is the quality of care in traditional Medicare. If we're talking about targeting dollars and getting the best value in return for those dollars, where is the evidence that traditional Medicare is actually performing in any way similar to the new Medicare Advantage program? What have we been doing with the existing defined benefit program in which seniors, nine out of ten of them, have to go to private plans to actually make sure costs are covered?    When Dr. Guterman talks about a level playing field, I agree with that 100 percent. But they are not competing head to head. What I'm talking about is paying Medicare Advantage and the traditional Medicare program based on a competitive bidding system in which the consumer, in which the senior will actually make the choice.    What we really need in this area, especially--but not only here in Medicare, but throughout the healthcare system--is more transparency not only on the cost and price of services, but also performance. And when we do that, we will start to see a very positive response on the part of plans and providers, on the part of different medical institutions, and we know this from limited experience where we've actually done this.    There are a couple of other things we can do, and I'll just mention them with regard to promoting quality of care. We talked earlier, Mr. Chairman, about the fact that our biggest healthcare challenge going forward is the fact that we have a tremendous problem with the growth of chronic diseases. And as you know 75 percent was the figure I used, but that was based on other independent studies, but roughly 75 percent of our costs are basically the cost of chronic care.    We ought to start thinking about innovating insurance designs in which people are directly--I'm talking about the patients--are directly advantaged by enrolling in wellness and preventive programs where the payment system actually reflects that. What I'm really talking about is something like premium discounts for individuals who enroll in preventive or wellness programs, which can start to cut down on the longer-term cost of chronic care.    There is a professor from Emory University, Professor Zhou Yang, who has suggested that we take the existing premiums or the premium support notion and at least create a defined contribution experiment where we actually adjust the payment going on a per capital basis to patients on their behavior, their willingness to enroll in preventive and wellness programs. There are a multitude of things that we can do that we are not doing.    But I think that really the sky is the limit. I think if we really want to see how these delivery reforms actually perform, what the outcomes really are, what we should do is put them in an environment in which there is intense competition, a complete transparency of price and performance and a lot of your ancillary institutions, particularly seniors organizations and various other institutions can start to judge plans and providers on how well they do.    I think that's the kind of thing we need. We need that kind of an environment. We don't have that environment yet. We can get there. And, I appreciate what the Administration is trying to do, but I don't think that you're going to necessarily get higher-quality healthcare through better central planning. I think that a competitive environment is frankly a lot better.    Mr. MOFFIT. Well, I just want to follow up on that. In my other job on the Maryland Healthcare Commission, we were looking at the performance of Maryland hospitals--there are 47 of them--in terms of their ability to deliver high-quality cardiac care.    Basically what we're talking about is the door-to-balloon time when somebody goes in for a catheter, basically when they need a stint, excuse me. And the goal is to try to get the patient taken care of within around 90 minutes from the door-to-balloon time.    Well, anyway, the Commission did an evaluation of all the hospitals in the State of Maryland. And after a 6-month period, then they published the results. And the results were stunning. Some of the hospitals that people thought were going to be just terrific turned out not to be so good. And then others that nobody expected turned out to be absolutely terrific.    But what was the effect of the transparency. The effect of it was tremendous because when the Commission staff went back, just about everybody had improved their performance. Some institutions decided that, frankly, measuring up to the standards was a little too much and they gave up that particular cardiac program. But others actually improved. And that's how you get real change. There's nothing like sunlight, and it applies especially to Medicare.