    Chairman Rokita. Well, good morning. And welcome to the first hearing of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education in the 114th Congress.    I would like to thank our witnesses for joining us today. We appreciate the opportunity to learn from you about how emerging technology in the classroom affects student privacy.    And Ms. Fudge, before we begin, I want to take a moment to congratulate you on being selected by your colleagues to be the ranking member of this subcommittee. I anticipate that we are gonna hear a lot from each other, work well together. And I look forward to doing that with you.    Chairman Rokita. Forty years ago, Congress enacted the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, otherwise known around these parts as FERPA. It was meant to safeguard students' educational records and ensure parents had access to their children's information. The law established the circumstances under which the record could be shared, giving parents the peace of mind that with few exceptions, that their child's academic performance and other personally-identifiable information would be under their kid's school's lock and key.    As a father of two young boys, I can appreciate why parents may not have that same confidence today. Despite the advent of computers, the internet, wifi, cloud services, et cetera, the law has not been significantly updated since its introduction in 1974. As a result, student privacy--the very information FERPA was intended to protect--may be at risk.    As administrators, teachers, and students continue using emerging technology to track everything from test results to bookstore purchases, parents and students are vulnerable to the inappropriate use of student data, often without their knowledge or consent. New devices, platforms, programs, and services have enabled educators to better understand the behavioral and educational needs of each student and tailor individual learning plans accordingly. I think that is amazing progress.    They have assisted researchers in developing new solutions to improve class room reduction, and they have provided families with more educational options by facilitating distance and blended learning opportunities. Technology organizations and policymakers have taken steps to strengthen student privacy protections. And that is appreciated. However, these efforts have not addressed rules under which schools must operate as the guardians of student data.    So unless Congress updates FERPA and clarifies what information can be collected, how that information can be used, and if that information can even be shared, student privacy will not be properly protected. We welcome your thoughts on how this committee can update FERPA for the 21st Century, improve parental involvement, and hold bad actors accountable.    Modernizing student privacy protections without undermining opportunities to improve student achievement is no small task, as everyone here understands. But we owe it to our students and parents to work together to find that proper balance. So I look forward to hearing from you and from my colleagues on this important issue.    And with that, I welcome and recognize our subcommittee's ranking member, again, my colleague, Congresswoman Fudge, for her opening remarks.    Chairman Rokita. Thank the gentlelady. Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witnesses for today. First we have Shannon Sevier. All right. Not off to a good start. Sevier. Shannon Sevier--thank you--has been a PTA member for 14 years. As vice president for advocacy, she needs advocacy efforts for the national PTA positions at federal, state, and local levels. Welcome.    Next, we have Allyson Knox, who is the director of education policy and programs at Microsoft. In her 10 years at Microsoft, she has focused on stem, computer science, education and technology, and student privacy issues. Welcome to you, as well.    Next, we have Sheryl Abshire, who is the chief technology officer for the Calcasieu Parish Public Schools in Lake Charles, Louisiana. For over 40 years, Dr. Abshire has worked as a chief technology officer, school principal, K through 5 teacher, a library media specialist, classroom teacher, and university professor. She was the first teacher inducted into the National Teacher's Hall of Fame. Thank you for being here.    Next, we have Joel Reidenberg. He is the Stanely D. and Nikki Waxberg Chair in law and professor of law at Fordham University, where he directs the center on law and information policy. Reidenberg publishes regularly on both information privacy and on information technology law and policy. Mr. Reidenberg, welcome back. I understand this is at least your third time testifying.    Chairman Rokita. I will now, in conformance with our rules, ask our witnesses to stand and raise your right hand.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    And before I recognize each of you to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system. You will each have 5 minutes to present your testimony. During the first 4 minutes of that, the light will be green. The last minute it will be yellow. And then if it turns red, I will be forced to use the gavel, which we have never had to do. At all. Ever. So I am sure it won't happen today.    So with that being said and understood, Ms. Sevier, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you for your testimony.    Dr. Abshire, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you, Dr. Abshire. Appreciate it.    Mr. Reidenberg, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you for your testimony.    The way this usually works is the subcommittee chairman usually asks out with asking his questions. But I find out that my life goes smoother when I defer to the full committee chairman when he is in the room.    Sir, thank you for your leadership. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Gentleman's time is expired. And I see that this subcommittee's ranking member believes in a similar philosophy as I do. So Ranking Member Scott, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time is expired.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. And in the first 20 seconds give Dr. Abshire a chance to respond to that last question, if she would like.    Chairman Rokita. And does that work in a cloud situation?    Chairman Rokita. Okay.    Chairman Rokita. And who writes your agreements? Who writes your agreements? You have outside counsel?    Chairman Rokita. Okay. Thank you. Very interested in all your testimony. So many questions, so little time.    I am going to start with Ms. Knox. You rightly praised the pledge that you signed. And now we have 100 other signatories to it. Good stuff. Where is the enforcement mechanism in the pledge?    Chairman Rokita. Assuming it was codified.    Chairman Rokita. Okay. And then you also mentioned that FERPA, you mentioned correctly, does not include third parties.    Chairman Rokita. Should it?    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. Mr. Reidenberg, same question. You mentioned the same thing.    Chairman Rokita. Can you give some more specificity of what that would look like in an updated FERPA--    Chairman Rokita. So as long as there is some contractual relationship between the government jurisdiction or school element and the service provider, that would extend FERPA?    Chairman Rokita. Right. Ms. Knox, you wanted to add something?    Chairman Rokita. I thank you. But the question was on FERPA; right?    Chairman Rokita. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you.    And with the time remaining at 1 minute, Ms. Sevier, what do you think about what has been said so far? Do you have comment to add?    Chairman Rokita. Absolutely. They are the first guardians of all this. Literally.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you all again.    Ranking Member Fudge, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank the gentlelady.    I would now like to recognize a new member of the committee and subcommittee who has served on school boards in Florida.    Mr. Curbelo, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Thank the gentleman.    Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. And I would like to recognize another new member of the subcommittee and committee. Glad to have him, as well.    Mr. Carter, from Georgia. 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Gentleman's time is expired.    Chairman Rokita. Thank the gentlemen.    Now I would like to recognize another new remember to the committee, very much welcomed as well. Mr. Russell, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell.--federal government--    Chairman Rokita. The gentleman's time is expired. So we will have to get those answers perhaps from the witnesses in writing.    Chairman Rokita. Thank the gentleman.    Next, another new member of the subcommittee and committee. Mr. Grothman from Wisconsin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Five minutes is--    Chairman Rokita. Gentleman's time is expired. Thank the gentleman.    And I am also pleased to see that we have members from off the subcommittee interested in this issue. I would like to recognize the gentleman from Colorado for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Gentleman's time is expired. I thank the gentleman.    Also pleased to recognize Mr. Messer, from Indiana, another welcome member of the full committee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Rokita. Gentleman's time is expired. I thank the gentleman.    And the ranking member is recognized for closing.    Chairman Rokita. I thank the gentlelady. As always happens with these kinds of hearings, we learn a lot. I especially. So I want to thank each one of you for your testimony today.    Something perhaps not exactly orthodox. I am going to--because this is so important, I want to just say a few things and then I want to yield each of you 30 seconds--and it will just be 30 seconds--to make my closing for me, to say what you think we need to take away from today, what is most important for us as we go back and we look at updating FERPA, overhauling it for the 21st Century so that it has the appropriate enforcement mechanism; so that it has that right kind of balance, so that third parties can be brought into this in a meaningful way so that, again, we can do what we all said we wanted to do and was first on our mind, and that is protect our kids, that they can have a lifelong successful learning.    So with that, Ms. Sevier, for 30 seconds, what should we take away from today?    Chairman Rokita. Thank you.    Ms. Knox?    Chairman Rokita. And FERPA, if I understand your testimony is a primary vehicle for doing that?    Chairman Rokita. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. Abshire.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you appreciate it.    Mr. Reidenberg.    Chairman Rokita. Thank you. There being no further business for the subcommittee, it stands adjourned.