    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mountain Dew, huh? Mountain Dew. I think I'd be more disturbed if they came in----    Mr. Rohrabacher. I would be much more disturbed if they were going into the 7-11 and taking beer, for example, and most importantly, if they were taking beer and were armed with a shotgun and had a bulletproof vest that might be of concern.    Yes, even more concerning than the value of the beer is that there is someone there with a shotgun, in your neighbourhood, with a bulletproof vest who feels perfectly comfortable to going into a store and using that shotgun to get what they want.    That's sort of what we are facing now, isn't it? The dynamics are changing in the South China Sea. This hearing is about whether or not we should be really concerned about it.    Mr. Sherman and I agree on many things in this committee, but I am very concerned about it. This is something that warrants concern.    The fact is that what we are talking about is there has been a massive increase in power in China over the last four decades and over the last four decades there hasn't been any liberalization of Chinese Government whatsoever.    If we think that liberalization means there would be less chance of confrontation of war, what we have then is a massive expanse of power, thus an increase in the chance of armed conflict and somebody coming in and stealing more than the beer or Mountain Dew.    Maybe, for example, the Vietnamese may understand this because a few years ago in this very area that we are talking about in the South China Sea, Vietnamese were massacred. Unarmed Vietnamese standing on some kind of a reef were just shot down by Chinese warships and so the Vietnamese haven't forgotten that.    Maybe some of us don't know about that. But the Vietnamese remember that, and they are scared to death of what's going on in the South China Sea.    Now, so if the security dynamics are changing, I would agree that that doesn't necessarily mean the United States has to be the one to take up all the slack. We always take up the slack. We are always the ones that have to jump out and pay the bill, send the troops, drive our own country into bankruptcy.    Well, we can't do that anymore. That's another dynamic at play in this world. I think it is time that we look, and realistically, at the Chinese expansion of power in this society that's probably the world's worst human rights abuser in the world in the sense of the magnitude of it. So, how do we balance that off?    Let me just ask the panel very quickly. Doesn't it mean that we should be thinking about working with Japan and rearming and making Japan a more viable force in the area to counteract the Chinese force that's improving?    Is that a plan, rather than trying to have the United States simply make up for it ourselves? Right down the panel, please.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know, I would think of it more as a partnership with Japan.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Japan is a modern----    Mr. Rohrabacher . Powerful country that we have kept weak in their ability to influence international events like the ones we are talking about. Now it is time to become a partner with Japan and other countries in that region, but especially with Japan.    Mr. Cheng?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Just to mention, I don't think that it would be necessary to have Japan or anyone else have nuclear weapons in order to increase the offset for Chinese strength in the non-nuclear area.    I think my time has run out, but do you want to have the other ones comment on that--the other witnesses? Maybe the other two witnesses would like to comment on maybe a rising partnership between India and Japan rather than the United States having to face it ourselves. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Admittedly, it started from a small base, but we have an expansion of power and, at the same moment, that doesn't strike me you have to worry about it. But, at the same moment, you happen to notice they are trying to make incredible territorial claims in areas.    Then they're going to say who gets to fly over large areas of the South China Sea, then there's something to be worried about.