    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for this excellent hearing and this excellent panel.    Jonathan, welcome back.    Mr. Doyle. Broadband infrastructure has become a critical component to almost every facet of our daily lives from students using Blackboard for school or watching Netflix and Amazon to stream movies and TV shows, and by all levels of Government to communicate with citizens and increasingly leverage the network to improve the delivery and efficiency of services.    Pittsburgh in partnership with Carnegie Mellon University and Google is deploying a connected platform that will integrate road sensors, traffic cameras and information kiosks to create a living laboratory at a city scale for the next-generation technologies. This platform will be used to improve traffic patterns in real time, allowing city departments to efficiently predict road wear and schedule maintenance and to allow people to explore and interact with the city more effectively. Fast, available and ubiquitous broadband infrastructure provides the basis for these next-generation solutions.    I for one am a big fan of making every tool in the toolbox available to local governments to make sure that they have access to the best networks and the best platforms in order to improve the lives of the people living there.    Mr. Chairman, I would love to work with you on putting together some legislation to address some of these challenges.    Let me start with Ms. Socia. How can localities leverage shared infrastructure to expand access and increase the deployment of broadband? As cities like Pittsburgh build this infrastructure to address our own municipal needs, how can we and other municipalities use what we are building to expand access more broadly and what, if anything, stands in the way of municipalities leveraging the infrastructure?    Mr. Doyle. Thank you.    Mr. Slinger, I am curious. What dividends has Google Fiber found in communities where you have deployed your gigabit broadband to? Has it impacted jobs or the local economy or education or local government? What are you finding in these communities?    Mr. Doyle. I am curious too about the discrepancies that exist between price and speed. In Pittsburgh, for instance, I can get 500 megabits a second but it will cost me about $400 a month. When we look at cities like Chattanooga and Kansas City and Austin and other cities, residents can get a gig for less than $100. I am curious, maybe Mr. Moffett and Mr. Slinger and Ms. Socia, you could comment on why you think these discrepancies exist.    Mr. Doyle. I want to give Mr. Slinger just a--because I know our time is up.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.