    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you and the ranking member for having the hearing today, and also for including the legislation that I introduced, along with a former member of our committee, you heard from him earlier, Colonel Paul Cook of California. We worked together on this, and I was very pleased to do it.    Our bill, the Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act, would require a longitudinal study for job counseling, training, placement services, so that we can better monitor the effectiveness of these programs.    And I heard several of you mention that you supported this, and I appreciate you offering some comments about how to make the bill work better. And I look forward to working with you on that and hoping that we can move it through this committee.    I would also like to go back and discuss H.R. 1994, VA Employee Accountable Act. We all are in agreement that those serving our veterans as well as public servants in every department need to be held at the highest level. But I have got some concerns about this legislation, like some of you do, that it is going to affect the VA's efforts to recruit and retain the most qualified employees.    Now, I know that the Secretary has prioritized recruiting the best and brightest to join the VA, and I think that is important. We don't want to do anything that ties his hands.    In Nevada, we have a hard time recruiting. We don't have a permanent director of the Reno RO. We have a hospital, brand new hospital without a permanent director. We have a hard time getting doctors to come to that hospital. So we just don't want to do anything that stops that process.    Mr. Gehrke, you mentioned in your testimony that the VA--you highlighted it, several of you mentioned it, but you highlighted it--that the VA needs to be able to quickly fill vacancies within the workforce. And you referred to the report that the VFW issued in September, ``Hurry Up and Wait.'' In this report you suggest that Congress examine ways to streamline the hiring process so that we can hire the best employees.    I wonder if you would share some of the details of that and maybe give us some concrete proposals of how we could do that, because I would like to work with you and the other VSOs on improving that process, and then I would ask them if they have any particular suggestions as well.    Ms. Titus. That would be great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.