    Mr. Gibson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And General, thank you very much for your leadership. Congratulations and thank you for your service, sacrifices of your family, and I also see your hardworking staff behind you, and I appreciate them as well.    A couple of questions in terms of this budget. I'm interested to know the commitment from the command in terms of revitalizing the Global Response Force , and then if you could also talk to the European Reassurance Initiative, concerns you have with regard to your command's responsibilities thereof.    General McDew. I just have to scramble to write because I have no memory any more. First note, hardworking staff, they are more than hardworking, they are brilliant, and they underpin anything I am able to do. There are some great men and women at U.S. Transportation Command that underpin, I think, the power of this Nation and I always will take an opportunity to brag about them when I get a chance. So thank you.    Revitalizing the Global Response Force--it is something that concerns me because I have told my other combatant commander friends, whatever they do is what we do. And how they do it, how they plan for it, impacts what we can help them with.    If they go into a cloak-filled room to provide a Global Response Force but can't make sure it is transportation feasible, then we don't have a Global Response Force. Our ability to project an immediate force tonight and a decisive force tomorrow is underpinned in the cornfields of Illinois, in this country.    I think all of them understand that, and we are working very closely with each and every one of them to do it, including my friend at European Command . That initiative is going to be transportation-heavy to be able to move back and forth the forces we will need to provide reassurance to our allies and we are ready to do it.    I think we will also provide some cargo capacity to keep capacity in our maritime fleet, which is also important to this Nation.    Mr. Gibson. Just to follow up, in terms of the rotating armored brigade combat team, do you feel you have good numbers now in terms of what impact that is gonna be, how that is gonna affect your ability to accomplish your worldwide mission in view of this new requirement?    General McDew. I don't believe we have all of the numbers that we will need until we fully understand the size, scope, and periodicity of those rotations. I do believe we have the capacity to take care of it and the rest of the world but it depends on what the rest of the world looks like. If the rest of the world stays relatively calm, and we are not putting large troop rotations through another region of the world, yes. If we have the capacity we have right now in the Middle East and we had to swing to another massive thing while doing those troop rotations we would just have to make sure that we time it appropriately and see where we might assume some risk with some limited assets.    The first one that will come to be a limiting factor is our air refueling fleet. That fleet will be a lim fac very, very quickly if we are swinging from one region of the world to the other, because we are using it so heavily right now in the Central Command region.    Mr. Gibson. I am not surprised. I expected that and I appreciate the comment very much. I think that is really where the risk is. I support where we are heading on this. I think it is important for the reassurance, but when you consider the other requirements that we have from the other combatant commanders, and the uncertain environment, the volatile and uncertain environment, I am concerned as far as commitments we are making, and then if we should have to do something in the Pacific that is rather significant, would we still be able to accomplish our reassurance in Europe.    Some of this we probably don't want to go into now, it would rather be classified, but just know that this committee from a readiness standpoint, that is one of the issue areas and concerns we have and so we very much look to you and your staff to give that fine-point analysis on this going forward.    Anything else, sir, that you wanted to mention?    General McDew. No, it is something that my staff back at Scott works on almost daily. We are in constant contact with each of the combatant commands. We have asked, though, that we look at some of the timing to ensure that we don't try to put all of it out all at once. If we can smooth flow it out and at least be as predictable as we can, I believe that we can accomplish most of what the European Reassurance Initiative will get for us and still underpin the deployments around the world.    Mr. Gibson. Thank you very much, General.    And with that, Chairman, I yield back.