    Mr. Mica. Well, on behalf of the committee, we thank all three of the witnesses and we will now turn to questions. And I will begin with the first round.    All three of you are currently TSA employees?    Mr. Mica. And all three of you bravely have come forward to talk about retaliation, about a toxic environment, about misconduct within the areas you have worked. What concerns me is some of it is historic but at least the first witness and the second witness--or third witness I heard say they believe it still continues. And would you say that is the case? Is it still going on?    Mr. Mica. Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Mica. Mr. Rhoades?    Mr. Mica. So that is very troubling. You unfortunately confirmed some of our worst suspicions. They have a huge bureaucracy in TSA. We have had about 45,000 screeners. We are somewhere in the neighborhood of 42, I guess is the cap. But 52,000, and I know they cook the books a bit, moved some positions to other agencies, but they are somewhere in the neighborhood of 8 to 10,000 administrative personnel making--well, I know the 4,000 in the D.C. area make over $103,000 a year on average. So they are well-paid.    I read the stories of what they did to you, and since we began this inquiry, we have had dozens of others come forward throughout TSA telling us that they have experienced similar misconduct.    I am a little bit concerned. I have tried to give Neffenger, the new administrator, a chance to straighten things up, but again, you tell me that the people who are the most abusive are still there. Is that right, Mr. Brainard?    Mr. Mica. But the people--I mean, this comes from a pretty high level, and the retaliation has taken place. I know there have been some memos, et cetera, operational guidelines that have been revised, but the folks are still in place. That has got to be pretty demoralizing.    Mr. Mica. So ----    Mr. Mica. What concerns me, too, is the ability to perform now is also hindered. Neffenger is well-intended, but some of the reports that leaked about the poor performance--you saw some cooking of the books, too, on wait times, is that correct, any of you?    Mr. Mica. You did, Mr. Rhoades. That has been--well, the failures of performance and then the wait times and then the retaliation. There has been retaliation for also the facts coming out. I won't say that you revealed the facts, but those were the facts of what was taking place. Some of you got blamed for that, is that correct, Mr. Brainard, Mr. Livingston, Mr. Rhoades?    Mr. Mica. All three. I am very concerned about what has taken place. Again, Neffenger is well-intended. He is trying to correct the situation with more training, et cetera. But TSA can't recruit, it can't train, it can't retain, it can't schedule, and it can't manage the huge bureaucracy that has been created. That is part of the problem. And it won't be corrected.    Then those people on the line see what is taking place, and they have pulled me aside at my airport, you see those three guys that are doing nothing, Mr. Mica, sitting there, they are all making over a hundred grand. We are busting our tail trying to process these people, and they are having a sit-down chat and enjoying themselves. Part of the--I guess the TSA gets the name thousands standing around, but these guys are a thousand sitting around earning huge salaries while the others are doing their work.    The meltdown that has already occurred, my colleagues, here are just a few headlines. This is Fort Lauderdale-Miami, American Airlines, 6,800 people last month missed their flights. Chicago, 1,100 American Airlines missed their flights, Chicago. Charlotte airport, 3-hour waits on Good Friday. Long lines, cranky travelers. Seattle, this one is Denver, this one is JFK. I mean, and we haven't gotten to the summer when you get the heavier traffic. You all know what I am talking about. You think we are headed for a rough time this summer, Mr. Brainard?    Mr. Mica. Well, I thank you.    Mr. Mica. Did you want to say something?    Mr. Mica. Real quick. I am going to yield as much time to Mr. Cummings, but go ahead.    Mr. Mica. Well, what you tell us is troubling.    Let me yield now to Mr. Cummings.    Mr. Mica. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Cummings.    The gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    The gentlelady from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman, you are recognized.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Mica. The gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    The gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, you are recognized.    Mr. Mica. Yes, sir, in conclusion.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman and yield now to the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg.    Mr. Mica. The gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Mr. Mica. Thank you.    Mr. Mica. Let me turn to the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman. Did you want to finish a response, Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay.    Mr. Mica. No problem.    Mr. Clay.--about going over.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman. And you will get, hopefully, a response.    Let me recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, now.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    I will recognize the delegate from the District, Ms. Norton.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    And I will recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Grothman, you are recognized.    Mr. Mica. Thank you. Let me yield to Ms. Norton--or let me yield to Mr. Cummings, and then he is going to yield to Ms. Norton.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentlelady.    I want to conclude, and I thank all the members for their participation, particularly grateful for you all coming forward.    As I said earlier, I think you have confirmed some of our worst suspicions of what we have heard was going on, and it takes some brave people to come forward, especially from an agency that is renowned for retaliation, has grown renowned for gagging its employees. And those who step forward and have reported some of the problems are paying some pretty high penalties. It is abusive to you, it is abusive to the system.    I was one of the people who created TSA way back after 9/11 as the chair of Aviation Subcommittee. The President wanted it on his desk by Thanksgiving and we did that. We tried to structure something that would replace what we had. First of all, I think that there should be a Federal responsibility, and all of you agree to that. We changed from having the airlines and the private sector just do--well, there weren't Federal guidelines in place, and they failed to put them in place. So I think that is important. I have never said do away with it. I have said change the role.    The most shocking testimony or thing I heard today was the abuses and what they have done to you all is uncalled for, horrible, but one of you--was it Mr. Livingston--talked about the intel and analysis capability?    Mr. Mica. That really scares me. The most important responsibility of that agency is to connect the dots. The intel and analysis is all that is going to save us in my opinion. I will probably call--I am going to ask the administrator to take action to revamp that activity. That is the most important government responsibility, the intelligence-gathering, the information, all the stuff we need to keep people from doing damage to us. And when you come and testify to me and you are familiar with it, that that is one of our weak spots, is that correct again, Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Mica. That to me is absolutely scary. I helped put this system together. I have tried to help TSA when it failed. I mean, we did everything from Washington. That was a disaster. We have tried to localize some of the hiring and other activities. The problem is it is so big they can't think out of the box. And you have people who you identified today in control. You can have the administrator but you have got other people in control who are revengeful, who have taken actions that are just unacceptable.    I can see replacing--if there is a vacancy and you have to move somebody to fill that vacancy, if we have got to secure that important FSD position, so be it, and if there is compensation needed to move that person. But what you have described is just an abuse of authority today. And then the cost is, you said, $197,000 on one of them. It is just unbelievable.    So the intel bothers me. I will be writing Neffenger. He is coming in. We have got to get that piece of the puzzle there.    I don't care who you put there, private screeners, public screeners, whatever it is, things will get through, okay? The system is human beings. But when you fail--well, if we spent some of that money in looking at people who pose a risk, whether they are--even screening people who are working behind the scenes, we had a hearing on that. There are hundreds of people. They don't have a passport number, they don't have Social Security numbers for folks, not all TSA folks but even with TSA they haven't screened some of those people.    The Miami and Orlando and there is one more airport where they are screening the workers, that is a waste of money. That is not the way you do it. They check them and they can go through, as you know. And once they are into the secure area, they have hammers, they have knives, they have all kinds of things that are not allowed, and they have chemicals and everything else, plus they have access to the aircraft, which they could do a lot of damage to.    So we waste money. That is congressionally imposed, some of that where it could be better spent. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Mica. Let me just say one thing, too, and I am glad that some of the union folks came. I am a Republican. When I wrote the bill, I made certain that the TSA and TSOs had the ability to belong to a union. I strongly believe in that right of every American worker. I don't think anyone should be forced to join a union on the other hand.    But we put that in the provision, the five private screening under Federal supervision operations that we set up. San Francisco was private, has been union from the beginning long before the rest of the crowd got that.    So it is not a question of union representation, and I don't think people should fear public versus private, even the TSA folks. I know some of them fear that. But it does involve some competition. And I heard you all speak to that. And Mr. Lynch isn't here. But again, we need to protect that right.    We exempted them from title 5. Some can get fired because that is the way we set it up. It sounds like some of the wrong people are getting removed, and the money is going to the wrong folks. In the private screening, they have actually increased some of the compensations for the TSO to retain better people and be more flexible and scheduling and things like that that can be adapted. That is one reason I favored that model under Federal supervision.    What you described today is very scary. I cited all the history of what has been going on with the delays, but for you to come here, you said, Mr. Rhoades, Mr. Livingston, Mr. Brainard, that there was no plan B and that we expect a meltdown this summer, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Rhoades?    Mr. Mica. Go ahead.    Mr. Mica. And you have had a lot of good workers out there, too ----    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Livingston.--intel professionals ----    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Livingston.--working in that office. The advanced analytic part that I brought in is still functioning very effectively, and I think Mr. Neffenger is going to tell you that he's getting some great intel support from them.    Mr. Mica. Great.    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Livingston.--even better.    Mr. Mica. Well, I would put the resources there. The BDOs have been--we have suggested it. Is hasn't worked out well, as you know. And then the other thing, too, is you have these lines that extend out from the airports. We saw what happened in Brussels. It was an attack on the American Airlines and the passengers. Their intent was to kill as many as they can. You cited the attack in Los Angeles. So they are looking for the easiest targets.    TSA provides a layer of protection. Once they get past that, then we have got secure cockpit doors, we have got air marshals, we have got pilots who are armed. The biggest thing we have, and they have always come to rescue since that hour of 9/11 when the passengers on Flight 93 found out what was going on, the passengers will beat the living hell out of anyone who poses a true risk. And they have saved the day. And also the airline staff, I have to give them credit. They have been there, too.    So, again, my concern, we built this huge bureaucracy. We have got these bureaucrats in charge. They have their revengeful way of controlling the agency, which it shouldn't be. So I am glad to hear the confidence everybody has in Neffenger. I am not happy to hear there is no plan B. That is essential. And we have got to make certain--I mean, we cast a lot of responsibility for the FSDs and making it work, and they are going to catch holy heck when those lines continue to back up.    But some commonsense things, the pre-check, advancing that. I have gone to National, and I will say it has improved because I have thrown a couple of fits, but there are more people in pre-check than there are in the other lines and nobody moves them to accommodate people.    I saw the dogs the other day, and they are using the dogs and people in line to get into TSA. I think we need to move a few dogs to the front doorway like the Israelis do. They are checking people as they come in before they can get to the line to take out the people like they did in Brussels. So just some suggestions, again, the common sense that I hope you all can take back. I know you have tried to make positive suggestions and been--and also I don't think any of you did it to be mean or vengeful to anybody above, but you have the best interest, I think, of the public and those who work for us.    Not as many questions as comments. Very helpful hearing. We will have the administrator in in a couple of weeks here. Any last remarks, Mr. Brainard?    Mr. Mica. I do it every two.    Mr. Mica. My contract expires every 24 months.    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Brainard.--and they've got to recertify for their job, and I would hope that at least in looking forward, one of the things that we could certainly do better with our people is find another option. Our people get incredibly stressed out every year. They do a very stressful job as it is. They do it very well. What you don't hear about in the media a lot of times are the success stories that do happen every day, the amount of dangerous items they are preventing to get on aircraft. And I know that our people in some cases could certainly find other opportunities. We're very grateful to have the wonderful team that we do. But if there's a way to take that stress off our workforce ----    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Brainard.--we would really appreciate it.    Mr. Mica. Well, again, it starts from up here, and you all, the FSDs work at certain constraints from what comes from--you know, it flows downhill as the saying goes.    Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Mica. Absolutely.    Mr. Livingston.--and to support the administrator, this is a prime opportunity to advance the operational success ----    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Livingston.--of TSA. None of the things said today here were personal or specifically ----    Mr. Mica. No. No. And you are ----    Mr. Mica. Right.    Mr. Livingston.--the assignments, the selections, the--that's where--that's the nucleus for everything. And I'm just not sure that it isn't effective in the best interest because I've heard you speak several times, both here and on the committees and to the administrator. And several things you've said over and over but I haven't seen the actual actions that you've ----    Mr. Mica. Well, you can't imagine my frustration.    Mr. Mica. And sometimes, they have ignored me. They have tried to do everything that they can to divert, to ----    Mr. Mica.--other ----    Mr. Livingston.--exerted control ----    Mr. Mica. Well, I think, again, you saw sort of bipartisan support. Again, I have never, since we created TSA have never seen anyone come forward. Most people have been afraid to come forward. I remember we offered some people to even put bags over their heads. I think we have done it in the past with some witnesses to come in and testify. But you all are very brave. You have stood up to it, and I think you do it, again, not to be mean towards anyone or vindictive towards anyone but to better the operations which you see.    Mr. Rhoades, you wanted to conclude?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. Well, I appreciate, again, all three of you stepping forward. I think, again, this can be a constructive hearing and hopefully constructive path forward that you all have helped lay out.    So there being no further business before the committee, this meeting is adjourned.