    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for being here. I very much appreciated your presence before the full Armed Services Committee.    I thought it was one of the better if not best hearings we have ever had. And I think your conversation today is very reflective of just the ways in which you have really worked very hard around some very complex issues. And the deep understanding you bring to it.    Both the politics have changed, which are always so difficult, especially as we deal with our military who so ably and nobly served our country, and for whom we all feel a deep obligation to do the right thing. And I know your task was not a simple one.    I would like, as I turn away from the changes to health care and focus on one of your recommendations that I think actually highlights a real plus. And that was your efforts and your recommendations about reforming the military pension system.    So as you stated in your report, more than four out of five service members currently leave the military before reaching 20 years of service, and thus they leave the force without any retirement pay.    I think this is particularly true and egregious of our Nation's ground combat troops who have been repeatedly deployed over the past decade. And today fewer than 15 percent of U.S. soldiers and Marines will serve a full 20 years, meaning that most will separate from the military without any retirement savings.    So I would like just to give you the opportunity to sort of highlight the changes you are recommending that can make a real difference so that those who do so ably serve but don't commit or serve for 20 years, when they walk away they walk away with something that makes a real difference as they move into civilian life.    And also if you could just talk about the tradeoffs you were thinking through. I mean I think this is a real plus that needs to be highlighted, especially for those who might think they are losing in other areas. And how the balance was struck. Were you thinking that way?    And I don't know who wants to take the lead.    Ms. Tsongas. So you are both creating a new opportunity that does require people sort of opting in. And I appreciate the financial literacy component that comes with it.    Ms. Tsongas. To give those some training to think this through.    Ms. Tsongas. While you are also trying to figure out how to meet the needs of the force. But is a plus. Thank you.