    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, sir, and thank you so much for the dedication and all of the work that you give young people all over this country. I have a son who is presently at the University of Arkansas in Pine Bluff where he is doing a fantastic job and really loves his experience there. He is the third generation to go to that institution, and the students are stellar from that institution and from so many of your own.    One of the things that I was interested in finding out was, Dr. Jones, in your testimony, your written testimony, you discuss that there is a 28 percent increase in agricultural degree program enrollment at Fort Valley State between 2014 and 2015. Can you explain what is the cause of that increase? And do you sense that there are more young people being drawn to the agricultural careers or is there another reason why this may be happening?    Ms. Plaskett. Right.    Ms. Plaskett. Who are interested in this.    Ms. Plaskett. Because I can imagine that if there was the scholarship and the support, you could probably find even more students who would be making the application to try and come to these institutions. There are students who just won't even apply because they look at the amount and they realize that there is no way that they or their families can be able to make this happen. And so they are just falling off of the grid completely in terms of even making the initial effort to come after an education that can change not only their lives, but the lives of their family as well.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond, have you conducted any, I think that this is more a financial term, but an ROI, a return on investment estimate to determine what kind of economic loss Central State suffers when students have to stop their education or stop out, when they take some time off because of the financial aspects of going to school?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. Thank you for that information related to the cost to the university for students who do not have the financial support necessary to complete the degrees on time.    And just in closing, I would always invite you all to work with the University of the Virgin Islands, which has agricultural programs. We would love to be supportive of you as well. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Austin Scott.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Jones, welcome to Washington. It is good to see you. And one of the things that I don't think we talk about enough, or give these institutions credit for enough, is the research that occurs there. And Fort Valley State, the small ruminant program there is among the best in the country. And certainly, any scholarships that we are able to give to people to go to that university, help the university as a whole. And so I look forward to supporting this and look forward to helping you do more to promote your institution and the valuable research and all that is done there.    And I will tell you, while sheep are not a large part of the U.S. agricultural economy, they are a tremendous part of the world agricultural economy. And when we get into many of these other countries, the ability to help a farmer with his sheep herd goes a long way towards instilling goodwill in areas. I want to thank you for that program that you have there and the research and the extension that goes on there. And I recommend the cheese over the ice cream.    But I want to ask you a couple of quick questions. And I know in your testimony, you have talked about the FFA, obviously 4-H, and other extremely important organizations in our area and throughout the United States and the chapters that surround the university. Can you talk a little bit about the partnership with high schools and community organizations that help students become aware of the opportunities at Fort Valley State and the agricultural sector?