    Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both for being here. I appreciate it.    Ambassador, I am a big fan of your wife, Diana, by the way.    Mr. McGovern. I just want to say that for the record.    This whole topic of how agriculture relates to our national security is important because usually when we talk about national security, we usually only talk about the military relationship to it. Because a good robust agriculture leads to food security, leads to more stability in other countries, leads to enhancing our own security. We have some great programs out there to help people in other parts of the world create sustainable agriculture to help feed their communities. That is a good thing. Programs like Feed the Future come to mind.    Mr. McGovern. And we have programs like Food for Peace, the McGovern-Dole School Feeding Program. I visited a pilot program in Colombia several years ago when Ambassador Patterson was the ambassador----    Mr. McGovern. And now, she said because of this program that the U.S. had created, I don't have to make that choice, my son is in school, being fed nutritious food, learning how to read and write, and hopefully he will get out of the slum that they were living in. And so it seems to me the more we can kind of focus on this, the more people around the world like us, and the more people like us, the less they want to do harm to us. It is not a radical idea.    But I just wanted to bring up one point here. I think we also have to be looking at food security at the domestic level as a national security issue. Mission Readiness, a nonpartisan national security organization made up of retired admirals, generals, and other military leaders, has taken an active role in promoting healthy nutrition among out nation's kids and military families. They found that \1/3\ of American children and teens are now obese or overweight, and nearly \1/4\ of Americans aged 17 to 24 are too overweight to serve in our military. The hard reality is that obesity and hunger are often two sides of the same coin, with unhealthy high calorie foods cheaper, and fresh fruits and vegetables more expensive. And they talked about the importance of our school feeding programs.    Interestingly enough, our school lunch programs started in large part because young people were undernourished, and the military leaders were concerned about their fitness for service during World War II. So I would just be curious to hear any comments you have about the fact that in response to what Mission Readiness has said and how it relates to our security, that we are not even providing our own people the quality food that makes them ready for the military.    Mr. McGovern. Thank you.    The Chairman. Does the gentleman yield back?    Mr. McGovern. Yes.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Gibbs, 5 minutes.