    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is so nice to meet on a quiet day where there is no real news to be talking about except for this. But even in connection with this, I did want to mention that I think this committee can also be focusing on very big issues and big news. And I look forward, I hope, to focusing on Volkswagen and their fraudulent emissions testing, cheating, that was revealed earlier this month.    As you pointed out, that the law already does require auto manufacturers to report defects. And here we have a situation of deliberately building in a defect. And we need to talk about that. I have a piece of legislation, the Vehicle Safety Improvement Act, which I think would actually do the real deal in terms of making sure that we deal with auto safety.    I want to recognize and welcome a friend of mine, Will Wallace, and a friend of this committee, who is testifying today on behalf of Consumers Union. He is an outstanding former staffer of the subcommittee and I know will bring important insight to this issue.    With more than 95 million American vehicles subject to safety recall over the past 2 years, we obviously have to improve the oversight of the auto industry and the efficacy and timeliness of recalls. I believe, unfortunately, that these bills miss the mark. While I support efforts to enhance the communication between auto companies and drivers whose cars are subject to recall, I don't believe that the vehicle identification number, VIN Database, discussion draft would achieve this goal.    Manufacturers are already able to access the names and addresses of drivers whose vehicles are subject to a recall. The difference in the discussion draft is that those records would be free of charge to the auto companies. And, yet, the bill would impose significant costs on NHTSA and the States with no funding provided to implement the new database. The Illinois Secretary of State's Office has communicated to us that he has serious concerns about the lack of financial support.    The second bill is intended to encourage auto industry whistleblowers. And while I appreciate the inclusion of language allowing whistleblowers to receive compensation and anonymity for coming forward, I have concerns about the bill's stipulations. Mr. Chairman, you said that it is good that the whistleblower has to report their concerns directly to the company first internally. And while one could make an argument that this might speed things up, I also really worry that provisions would discourage whistleblowers from acting and put them at professional risk for doing so, which really has been the history of whistleblowers. They have not done well vis-a-vis the companies that they work for.    There is a broader and more impactful legislative alternative to improve auto safety, as I said. My Vehicle Safety Improvement Act, which is cosponsored by Ranking Member Pallone and nine other members of this committee, is the alternative. It increases the amount and accessibility of information auto manufacturers must share with NHTSA and the public, and the public, about vehicle safety issues, and provides new authority to expedite auto recalls if they pose an imminent hazard of serious injury or death.    So that is what I am hoping that we are going to be able to do rather than I believe these bills, which kind of nibble around the margins. I am not just disappointed, I am actually frustrated. And I again urge the subcommittee to take up the Vehicle Safety Improvement Act. And I look forward to a discussion about what Volkswagen has been doing. And I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Karr, with all due respect, if Ford or GM said to their stockholders, you know what, consumer motivation just isn't there. This is a free country and people are free not to buy our cars. I am having to assume that in marketing automobiles, which you can hardly turn on the television, it is either a drug ad or it is a car ad, that consumer motivation is deeply researched and figured out and a lot of money is spent to do that.    So don't you think that if the manufacturers were really serious about getting unsafe cars off the road--I look forward to your research. But this idea that, well, consumers, they just don't really want to do it. Really? They want to drive unsafe cars?    Ms. Schakowsky. I get them. I get it. And I get them. And there has to be a better way. And I wanted to ask Mr. LaFeir, one of the things that we know is that nearly 20 percent of recalled cars are never repaired, recall completion, 44 percent for vehicles 5 to 10 years old, 15 percent for vehicles over 10 years old. And, in fact, the average age of cars on the road is 11.4 years.    So what can we do? I know you have this private sector database which in my testimony I said I thought, it is sort of unusual for me, I am saying let's not have a government solution, let's have a private sector solution, sort of a reversal here. Anyway, so how do we get to the drivers of older cars?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. Mr. Lawrence, this is speculation but it seems to me since Volkswagen quite deliberately built into their cars this fraudulent emissions switch, whatever they call it, do you think that if a whistleblower internally had said, oh, this is really bad and you have got to fix it, that that would have done the trick?    Ms. Schakowsky. So it is possible that this requirement could actually make cars more dangerous in the sense that it would require this internal communication?    Ms. Schakowsky. One quickie for Mr. Wallace, the limit on violations and civil penalties for violations, it seems $35 million for GM was too little. What do you think we should do?    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you. I yield back.