    Mr. Slavitt. I do not.    Mr. Slavitt. No, thank you.    Mr. Slavitt. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, I'm pleased to be here again and look forward to discussing the Affordable Care Act's transitional reinsurance program.    The transitional reinsurance program is a critical building block in the new health insurance market from which so many consumers are benefiting. By now you've heard the statistics, an estimated 20 million Americans have gained coverage and the Nation's uninsured rate is at its lowest recorded level.    When we talk about these numbers it's important to understand that it just doesn't happen by itself. Critical provisions of the ACA like reinsurance allow people with significant medical expenses to be covered affordably. Reducing the cost of health insurance is in everyone's interest, for individuals in small businesses who pay premiums, and because the Government gives Federal tax credits to people with modest incomes it is a much better deal for the Treasury. We all benefit. Covering people with significant medical expenses is a core policy objective of the ACA.    I will refer to an example of the Hubbard family who live in Dallas, Texas. Sean Hubbard is studying for a PhD, and his wife Jamie works in a hair salon. They signed up for health insurance through the marketplace. Sean described what happened when his son Navin was born a month early. Other than being small he appeared to be healthy, but doctors discovered that Navin had a heart defect that would require surgery, and transferred him to Medical City Children's Hospital.    In all, the bills have come to nearly $3 million, but we've been covered through it all. The little fellow has come home in mid-February, and though he's doing well he has more surgeries, speech and physical therapy and other procedures in his future, and it's comforting to know that because of the Affordable Care Act Navin can't be denied coverage in the future because of preexisting conditions.    My point isn't simply to remind us what's happening throughout the country as millions of families get coverage for the first time, but also to point to the importance of the details that matter, critical policy provisions like reinsurance.    We all know that the Hubbard situation could be visited on any of us. Sometimes we need expensive health care to get well. I spent more than two decades in the healthcare industry before joining the Government and I can tell you that until 2014, every day medical expenses like this haunted American families for the rest of their lives. The Affordable Care Act fundamentally changed that and changed the entire insurance market. Insurance companies can no longer deny or put limits on a consumer's coverage because they have a serious illness.    This is precisely why reinsurance is so important. It spreads the risk across large populations. Every insurance company pays a smaller amount of money in the confidence that if they happen to enroll people like the Hubbards they'll receive money back to help cover the costs of the complex medical care. This is certainly not a concept unique to the Affordable Care Act, Congress also included the reinsurance program in Medicare Part D for similar reasons.    Let me directly address the implementation of this provision and in particular how the allocation of funds were determined. In the case of reinsurance the statute didn't contemplate what should occur if collections either fell above or below the mark indicated in the statute. While I've been in Government only a short time, I can tell you that occasionally across all of our programs including Medicare and Medicaid we do encounter instances in which the statute is silent as to the necessary details to implement the policy.    Given this, 2 years ago CMS proposed an approach of reimbursing high cost claims as a first priority and sought public comment on both the legal and policy reasoning of how to address the specific scenarios that weren't contemplated by the statute. CMS received universal public support for the policy of returning payments back to cover claims as a first priority, and no one, not one commenter questioned the legality or appropriateness of the approach.    In the brief time that I've been with the agency, I can tell you that we take concerns that we receive very seriously. We understand that differences of interpretation sometimes happen, and as the committee has more recently expressed. Our lawyers carefully reviewed and assessed the recent memo from the Congressional Research Service to confirm our approach is supported by the statute.    As the CBO recently noted, the entire cost of the Treasury of the ACA's coverage provisions is projected to be 25 percent lower than originally estimated. The reinsurance program is reducing costs. It continues to help many, many families like the Hubbards and serves taxpayers well by lowering Federal tax credit obligations.    This year we will add approximately $500 million to the U.S. Treasury from the program as collections will exceed the targeted amount to reimburse high cost claims for 2015. We are committed to operating this program for American families and with focus on efficiency for taxpayers. I look forward to answering your questions now to the best of my abilities.    Mr. Slavitt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Well, this was before my time at CMS so I couldn't give you other than what I've seen in the regulation, which is first of all it's not uncommon for new regulations to supplant older regulations as people learn more, and I think it was laid out in the regulation that was proposed subsequently that they were concerned about the precision of the estimate and so they laid out the policy reasoning and legal reasoning subsequently as to why they felt like that was the right course.    Mr. Slavitt. I think the--I'm sorry. Can I ask you to repeat that question?    Mr. Slavitt. I think they were--I think there was uncertainty as to how to handle situations if it did come up short, and so I believe they looked at the situation and determined that that was the best policy decision and sought public comment as to whether or not that indeed was the right policy decision, but also laid out the legal reasoning to get comment on whether or not that was appropriate.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, I have, but more importantly so have our lawyers.    Mr. Slavitt. Sure. Well, we believe we have the statutory authority. And I think what is at root here is that the statute is very clear on what happens in the circumstance where $12 billion is collected and the statute is silent on what happens when different amounts are collected.    And I think as again because I wasn't here we'll piece this back based on what I've learned is that that meant either interpretations, there could be multiple interpretations of what to do in those situations.    Mr. Slavitt. I have.    Mr. Slavitt. No, Congresswoman.    Mr. Slavitt. Well, this is reinsurance payments, which is--and I've been in the healthcare industry for quite some time.    Mr. Slavitt. The premiums are funded by the plans themselves in order to cover losses that they receive. So this is not in fact taxpayer funded, as you pointed out earlier, but it really is a very, very common technique to make sure that people with large claims can get covered, particularly in the early years of the market.    Mr. Slavitt. Exactly, smooths it out.    Mr. Slavitt. Right, after 3 years. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. That's correct.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. That's correct.    Mr. Slavitt. That's correct.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't know exactly how it came about, but I know that because they were unsure given that the statute didn't contemplate what to do, the approach they took was to file a notice of proposed rulemaking with the Federal Register for everybody to see so they could see comments both on the approach at the policy as well as the legal reasoning for that.    Mr. Slavitt. They did.    Mr. Slavitt. No, they did not.    Mr. Slavitt. No, they did not.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. I can tell you that the lawyers scrupulously review every regulation that the agency proposes.    Mr. Slavitt. That's correct.    Mr. Slavitt. Well, so first of all it's not uncommon for there to be differences of opinion and for there to be memos that come in that don't agree. I think our practice, and I followed up specifically with the lawyers, was to make sure that upon reading that letter they still had the same interpretation that they had before.    Indeed, their comment was that they believed that the regulation's still very clearly supported by the statute and that there's statutory authority for it.    Mr. Slavitt. Even now. And I would say, you know, I think we have a very good track record of responding. So, for example, the GAO over the last year, 2015, we have had 47 recommendations from the GAO and 43 times we've concurred with those recommendations. Four times we didn't concur. So sometimes, many times, we were in agreement. There are occasions when we seek comments that we don't think we agree with.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. This is a highly successful program. It's benefiting many, many Americans and the taxpayers.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't think so.    Mr. Slavitt. Because I think the market now has a better feel for the people that are being insured. And I think that wasn't the case 3 years ago, and it was a little more so last year and a little more so this year, but I think by the time we get to the third year people have a pretty good understanding of the illnesses that----    Mr. Slavitt. I believe so.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. I'm not familiar with it in detail.    Mr. Slavitt. I'm not familiar with it in detail.    Mr. Slavitt. Right.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, we will. And I know we've been working with your staff on this issue, we'll continue to, and health care in rural America is a foremost issue for us. We have recently appointed a rural health task force and we will ask this task force to look specifically into this for you.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. Right, yes.    Mr. Slavitt. We have a number of initiatives that apply in many specific situations that support the economics and the long term economics in rural health. We have to look and see what's appropriate in the case of West Virginia, but there are a number of programs that I think are across the department.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, we will absolutely do that.    Mr. Slavitt. Thank you.    Mr. Slavitt. Good morning.    Mr. Slavitt. Well, thank you, Congresswoman. Having been in health care my entire career and never seeing the uninsured rate decline, it certainly has been rewarding to see that happen and to feel it. At least in my job you can see it in the actual people as you can in your constituents.    Florida, I believe, as you said, has a lot to be proud of. The uninsured rate, I believe, has declined by a third in Florida, and if the State chooses to expand Medicaid at some point, that will----    Mr. Slavitt . Be even greater. So I think there's a lot of good things that have happened and good things to come.    Mr. Slavitt. Thank you.    Mr. Slavitt. Thank you for the question. I think the best way for me to answer that question--given that I wasn't here, I couldn't name any specific individuals--is everybody. This was a public, transparent rule put out that had to be reviewed and cleared across the Government and so everybody had the concurrence and the review, and then as it went into the Federal Register that was also true for the general public and everybody else.    Mr. Slavitt. So there was no attempt for someone to do something without a broad review within the department and then even broader review with the public.    Mr. Slavitt. This is before my time so I don't know the answer to that question.    Mr. Slavitt. I certainly could try.    Mr. Slavitt. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, not that I have seen.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. I know we've provided a number of documents and I know that we're working on more.    Mr. Slavitt. I think quite soon. We're just, I can't give you a date until I check with my team, but we can get back to your staff and make sure we get this to you as quickly as we can. I know they're working on it.    Mr. Slavitt. I can't commit to Monday, no.    Mr. Slavitt. So I'll start with some data. In 2016, the average individual had, nine out of ten individuals had three or more health plans to choose from. So what we call a full shelf is present in 90 percent of the country. Now obviously people are just beginning the rate filings process for 2017, and so we're going to see and we'll certainly have to let that speak for itself as people make their decisions.    I anticipate there will be additions and subtractions, and in formal conversations that I've had with people throughout the industry including State departments of insurance who of course are monitoring these things very closely and what I hear from companies themselves is indeed that. There may be some people to pull out of certain markets and there will be people that enter additional markets but that I don't see the overall equation changing.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. Our job is to make sure that people can see it coming so they can price for it. But what people expect of Government and what I expected when I was in the private sector was some predictability and some visibility. So as long as they know in advance, as they've long known that this is a 3-year temporary program, then as they submit bids for the coming year they can submit them knowing what they now know about the population which they didn't know earlier and about the fact that there will no longer be a reinsurance program.    Mr. Slavitt. You know, most of the conversations that occur, occur locally within a State between the State department of insurance and the rate submission process. That is generally handled there locally. We do whatever we can to support and make sure that we are balancing out the marketplace so that it can be a functional marketplace with stability and with predictability.    So we tend to, I would say we tend to focus on the big policy decisions that will make the market healthy for the long term, not so much on the micro decisions that will affect an individual plan here and there.    Mr. Slavitt. So to give you an example, we focused recently on the rules for special enrollment periods and what should be required of an individual to demonstrate that they're eligible for insurance during a special enrollment period, in other words outside of the open enrollment period.    Getting that right is important because if the rules are too lenient then you end up with people who may just apply for insurance when they get sick which disrupts the market, and if they're too tight it will keep people, citizens who deserve coverage and need coverage, away from having the coverage.    So those are the kinds of policy decisions that we recently have been making decisions around, and I think it's our job to watch the marketplace because it's still early, see what's working and what's not working and make adjustments. And I expect good Government will be continued with small adjustments along the way.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. I wouldn't characterize that our job is to convince them to stay nor would I tell you that we've heard concerns about the transitional policy going away. I think people because they've long understood that it was a 3-year plan that hasn't been a major topic of discussion at least to my knowledge.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Slavitt. Well, because the insurance premiums for modest income Americans are subsidized in effect with tax credits, everything we do to improve affordability for consumers directly reduces the obligation of the Federal Government. And so this $157 billion under budget is, I think, in part a result as you point out of good stewardship and effective execution of some of these programs like reinsurance.    Mr. Slavitt. It has.    Mr. Slavitt. Anything that hurts the affordability of health care is in my view something that we really ought to be very, very careful about because it's counterproductive. And I think it's all of our jobs to figure out how to continue to reduce the cost of health care for American citizens and for the entirety of the program, and reinsurance has been a vital tool to do that.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. That would come in many cases, particularly subsidized care, subsidized tax credits, it would come directly out of the U.S. Treasury if premiums were to increase as a result of that.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, we believe we have the statutory authority.    Mr. Slavitt. Sure. Thank you for the question.    Mr. Slavitt. The entire legal reasoning was made public in the regulations, so we can make sure to get you a copy of that.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. We will submit the legal reasoning to you, absolutely.    Mr. Slavitt. I believe what I had said or intended to say, can't remember exactly what I said, is that we give enough visibility and clarity as to the rules and enough time that the insurance companies know what's coming and know what to expect. And that way if we are aiming to lower premiums for Americans, which of course we all are, that that can be effective.    Mr. Slavitt. No, Congresswoman, and I apologize if you misinterpreted me. No taxpayer funds have gone into this program. These are funds that come from the insurance companies, from the employers and from individuals to fund and smooth out large losses like the ones I talked about.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, I don't agree with that characterization, with respect.    Mr. Slavitt. I think----    Mr. Slavitt. No, I think----    Mr. Slavitt. I don't know the answer to that, but I would----    Mr. Slavitt. Sure. We'll look at that.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. I believe so.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. It is, yes.    Mr. Slavitt. So because the statute was silent on how to handle situations where either a lower amount or greater amount----    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, it is written to address the estimated collection of $12 billion. What it doesn't address is what happens if a lower amount is collected or a higher amount is collected, which is why the agency felt the need to put out a public regulation.    Mr. Slavitt. The rules specified how to handle----    Mr. Slavitt. I'm speaking of the statute, Congressman.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, so the statute speaks clearly to what happens if $12 billion is collected in the first year. What--again, this is before my time--but what the agency needed to do is to put forward, and they put forward for public comment 2 years ago----    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. It sought public comment on how to address situations like the one that arose where less than $12 billion was collected.    Mr. Slavitt. Public comments suggested that the policy of first taking care of reimbursing the claims of the insurers was the proper policy and was legally supportive.    Mr. Slavitt. And I understand that there is a difference of opinion because----    Mr. Slavitt. Well, we believe that there's a statutory authority. That legal reasoning was put forward publicly.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't think that's the case. It was put forward----    Mr. Slavitt. This is 2 years ago. It was put forward for public comment for everyone including the committee to opine on the very public reasoning that was----    Mr. Slavitt. I'd have to go back and check on that but it's not my recollection. But I wasn't here, but that's not what I learned.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes. And we're doing our best to provide answers including the legal and the policy reasons and that's what I'm here today to answer.    Mr. Slavitt. I'll get back to you on the precise number. We have it here somewhere.    Mr. Slavitt. It's $9.7 billion.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes.    Mr. Slavitt. For 2014 that's correct.    Mr. Slavitt. I think it was 8 billion.    Mr. Slavitt. That's still in a pool to be used against claims that come through the reinsurance pool.    Mr. Slavitt. 6.5 billion.    Mr. Slavitt. No, that'll be $500 million to the Treasury.    Mr. Slavitt. We will. We will, yes.    Mr. Slavitt. We will, yes.    Mr. Slavitt. Payments in--yes, they have not been made yet.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't have an estimation yet.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't have an estimation yet.    Mr. Slavitt. I don't yet have an estimation.    Mr. Slavitt. That was 2.7 billion.    Mr. Slavitt. Congressman, we still believe we have the statutory authority to issue the rule that was issued.    Mr. Slavitt. No. We believe the rule of what we're following is supported by the statute.    Mr. Slavitt. That's what the statute contemplated originally, is my understanding.    Mr. Slavitt. Again this is all before my time, but that appears to be what the statute contemplated and exactly what happened.    Mr. Slavitt. Understood, thank you.    Mr. Slavitt. Yes, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Slavitt. We are working hard on it. We'll follow up with your staff. As you know we have schedule on some other documents we're working for you, so we can just put that right on the schedule and make sure we get you dates certain.    Mr. Slavitt. OK.