    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you so much for our witnesses being here.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this legislative hearing on S. 611, the Grass Roots Rural and Small Community Water System Assistance Act.    As you well know, this issue is of great importance to our constituents who live in rural and small communities. Rural water system often find themselves at a loss when complying with Federal rules and regulations and the technical assistance provided by S. 611 is the tool they use to ensure they are meeting the needs of their customers.    I appreciate the work Mr. Tonko and his staff have done on this issue and for his help in introducing H.R. 2853, the House companion bill to S. 611.    I also would like to welcome my friend, Kirby Mayfield, the executive director of the Mississippi Rural Water Association, and I look forward to hearing today from each of these witnesses and working on these rural water issues in the future.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And again thanks to you, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Mayfield, for being here. This is an issue that affects every community and our country.    Mr. Mayfield, how many local water associations are part of your organization?    Mr. Harper. So it is--it is quite a responsibility then, isn't it?    Mr. Harper. Would you give maybe a specific example or two of the technical assistance that you provide to those association members?    Mr. Harper. That is great.    Mr. Harper. That is great. And how many circuit riders do you have?    Mr. Harper. So they are pretty busy folks then, aren't they?    Mr. Harper. Got it.    Mr. Harper. Got it. Well, why can't State regulators or EPA provide technical assistance for the regulations that they impose on communities?    Mr. Harper. That is great.    We had a hearing earlier in the year, and some of your colleagues from Mississippi testified that of all the billions of dollars that Congress provides to the Federal agencies for environmental programs, the only technical assistance that small and rural communities see and utilize is the assistance from these on-site circuit riders.    Please explain a little more what they meant by that.    Mr. Harper. You know, we just recognized the tenth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, and I know my time is almost up. But just briefly tell what you went through after that and what service you provided for those areas affected after Hurricane Katrina and other hurricanes.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Mayfield. I appreciate it.    My time is up but thank you so much for what you do and mean to our State. Thank you. I yield back.