    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, a pleasure to have you here this morning. Mr. Palumbo, thank you for being with us. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing on this important issue.    You said yourself, Madam Secretary, that these conditions are not unique; they are quite prevalent, especially in the western United States, with thousands of potential issues surrounding abandoned mines. I think it is proper that we, as a committee, look into the `whys' and `wherefores' of not ignoring the elephant in the room, as some people have referred to, but wanting to shed light on what happened, what did not happen, how we can best avoid this happening in the future. I think that is prudent, and thank you for contributing to that conversation.    I also wonder the value of minimizing this. It was substantial, the number of gallons. Certainly there is an issue with water contamination from all these mines, but this was an extraordinary environmental incident, and something that we should certainly see as something that we need to address.    I just put my questions somewhere where I cannot find them. What did I do with those, Mr. Chairman? Someone stole my questions. What I wanted to ask you--here we are--I will let you expound on a couple of questions that you had been asked previously. So--that is not it.    One of the peer reviewers in the independent study that you released on this Gold King Mine incident protested that the DOI report failed to explain the decisions that led to the disaster. This comes after Administrator McCarthy frustrated the committee's previous efforts to get to the bottom of this issue.    So, Madam Secretary, could you tell me--why didn't the EPA test the hydrostatic pressure within the mine before working, even though it was well known that contaminated mine water was gathering in the mine's tunnels? And if these conditions were not possible to be ascertained, why would they proceed?    Mr. Newhouse. A key point, and lessons learned, as Mr. Costa referred to.    The same peer reviewer from the Army Corps further states that the report should have described what happened internally within EPA that resulted in the path forward and eventually caused the failure. So why wasn't this information provided, and how will the responsible individuals be held accountable for their actions if your Department will not reveal such pertinent information?    Mr. Newhouse. So, that was not information that you felt necessary to bring forward?    Mr. Newhouse. OK. Again, I appreciate your adding to the discussion on this issue, and for both of you being here this morning. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.