    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks to the witnesses.    You know, it is puzzling to me dealing with the Cuba issue. We deal a lot with the Iran issue on this full committee, and it seems to be that the policies that the administration pursues are basically unilateral concessions to bad regimes. And, really, that serves as a detriment of the populations in those countries.    I mean, in Iran, there is a green movement that was really threatening the viability of the regime. The administration chose to not embrace that because they wanted to try to have a better relationship with the ayatollahs, and what we have seen since then is us engage in a lot of negotiations on a nuclear issue where it has been concession after concession, and it doesn't seem like we have received much as a result.    And I think the same thing with the Cuba issue, the policy is really a lifeline to the Castro regime and to the brothers and to the military. It is not doing anything to benefit the Cuban people. It is further solidifying the regime, and we are not getting, I mean, what have we received in the United States for these new policies? You know, we haven't received anything of note. They are still harboring terrorist fugitives in Cuba, people who are enemies of the country.    So it is really, really frustrating and the property to me is just an easy issue because if you are having a new relationship and you want to have--and the regime is going to move toward openness, well, obviously, you give back the property. I mean, to me, that is just a bare minimum. And we haven't seen any property given back.    So this whole policy, I think, is not going to be successful, just as the Iranian policy is not going to be successful. I know that we are going to be voting, and I know we have another panel, so I really appreciate your testimony, both of you.    I will go ahead and yield back the balance of my time so we can move forward.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to the witnesses.    Dr. Garcia, when you see a lot of the American businesses lobbying to do business in Cuba, knowing that they may be using the port that you have rights to or other confiscated property, what do you think of that?    Mr. DeSantis. It is not really a free market, you know, free market openings constrained by the rule of law. It is really just cronyism, where you have a corrupt regime and there is a profit arrangement with a private entity. But, ultimately, that is as you said the whole basis of that is capricious.    Mr. DeSantis. If you left the hearing and, as you were going, the President's motorcade popped out and you had a minute to talk to him, what would you say to the President about this issue?    Mr. DeSantis. That's what is concerning me about the policy is we are not--we are ignoring this basic building block of property rights. And, yet, if you look at the political repression, that has increased since the change in policy. And so you are not laying the foundation where you have a rule of law and property rights. And you are certainly not in a situation where the Cuban people are now able to exercise political or religious freedom. I mean, it has not gone in the right direction so I think it's been a lose-lose so far.    Ms. Chester, I really appreciated your testimony. What would you say to the President about this issue if you could talk to him?    Mr. DeSantis. What is more important, the money or the admission of wrongdoing by the Cuban Government?