    Mr. Pittenger. Secretary Castro, you manage a trillion-dollar book of business--larger than any other aspect of our insurance mortgage market, greater than half of it. The scope of your mission, as you defined it, is first-time buyers and low-income, minority people. You said clearly several times that you are not a bank.    I would ask you, though, sir, do you believe that the scope of your mission in the practices that you have stated that you said are prudent practices, do you believe that these practices should be commensurate with the same kinds of standards in the private market?    The private market is competitive. They are trying to aggressively build their book of business. They are out there--do you feel that your standards should be somewhat consistent with who they are and what they are doing and what their standards are?    Mr. Pittenger. My point, though, is that you believe that if you had a competitive private market out there which is trying to build a book, that certainly they are trying to be as aggressive as they can, with prudent standards, to build their business.    I think the point I want to drive toward is the very people that you seek to represent are the same people, that demographic group, who have been hurt the worst because of the very low standards that we had.    I would like to point out, I had a conversation yesterday, Mr. Secretary, with a risk management officer of a major financial institution. And we went over some of their standards with those of FHA.    Your percent of loans past due is 14 percent. Is that correct? Their percent of loans past due is 2 to 3 percent.    The minimum required downpayment is 3.5 percent by FHA. The minimum requirement downpayment for this institution was 20 percent.    Then the required FICO score, 580. You said that your average is 680. The average for this institution is between 730 and 740.    These are enormous, significant differences in the underwriting standards between the private market and FHA, and yet they are seeking to be as aggressive as they can to build their portfolio.    I would ask you, then--we want you to be successful. The footprint of the government is very heavy there, and, as such, the American taxpayer, we don't want a demise. And yet it seems to me, with the lowering of the premiums, the downpayment requirements, you are setting yourself up again for failure, and inconsistent with the private market, who is seeking to attract these same individuals.    Could you kindly respond to that?    Mr. Pittenger. Right.    Mr. Pittenger. Mr. Secretary, my dad used to say that beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. And perhaps, from your view, that could be. But I have just outlined to you the differences between the private market and FHA in their underwriting standards. They are trying to be aggressive out there to build their book. And yet your standards are far lower, and, as such, the outcomes are much more deficient. With 14 percent past-dues and the private market at 2 to 3 percent, that is a big variation.    So I would suggest to you that you need to look at stronger standards if you want to be successful in the long term.    I yield back.