    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, in highlighting the problem of insects on the border. It's a real problem and something we deal with all the time. I represent over 820 miles of the border from Eagle Pass, Piedras Negras on the Mexican side, to El Paso, Ciudad Juarez, on the Mexican side, with Beto O'Rourke, Filemon Vela, and Henry Cuellar. We represent all of the Texas border, so this is something that we engage in on a weekly basis. And I don't have much time.    So my first question to you, Mr. Judd--and I'm going to try to keep our little tet-a-tet tight. We spent a lot of time here discussing the violence on the border and the danger of the border and that it's expanding in the interior. I was down the border last week in Ojinaga and Presidio, and I know one of the challenges I heard a lot was the lack of manpower in some of these locations, especially a place like Presidio. Can you tell us a little bit about what that means from an operations perspective, and if you can keep that answer tight.    Mr. Hurd. You're reading my mind, brother. And so my understanding that some of these locations have changed their status from hardship posts, and I've seen a disproportionate share of agents leave or simply transfer out. Part of the move away from hardship designation was an effort to save money. Is the Union open to some form of solution that would allow and agent to move up in terms of the eligibility or preference for the next post if they spend a certain amount of time in a hardship posting?    Mr. Hurd. Excellent. And we're going to have some more conversations on that. Mr. Starr, Ambassador Moser, I want to thank you all and your organizations and your predecessors for what you do. I spent 9 years as an undercover officer in the CIA. I was in some really dangerous places like Pakistan, Afghanistan. I've been in embassies that have been bombed. I've been in embassies that have been shot up. I've been in embassies where thousands of people have marched on it, and because of the work of you all's two organizations, you had Mama Hurd's youngest son come home, and so I appreciate that and what you do.    My only real concern is the cost of some of these embassies. Texas A&M University built 110,000-seat stadium for about $450 million. I think there's some expertise we can rely on there. But one of the problems that I actually have, and what I appreciate that you all do with the travel advisory in Mexico, the advisory in Mexico is the only advisory where you all split it up by state. Right? And I think that shows the important relationship that we have with Mexico. We can secure our border. I know Mr. Judd and his colleagues are working hard every single day, and we can facilitate the movement of goods and services at the same time. We must. And that's super important.    So Juarez, 2008, the murder capital of the world. 2010, half has many murders as Detroit and New Orleans. Ojinaga, right, there's less murders in Ojinaga in 2014 than there were in Baltimore. So my concern is when we talk about Mexico is a big place, 80 percent of the violence is in 20 percent of the country. That's about five states. And if you break that down into municipalities, it's about 20 municipalities outs of hundreds.    And I get frustrated when we try to talk about Mexico as one place, and it's not. And so I'm just looking to work with you all on making sure that the travel advisories in some of these cities are reflective of the needs on the grounds. And I made a comment when I was in Ojinaga. I've been in some pretty dangerous places, and Ojinaga is not one of them.    And I'm looking just for you all's opinions on being able to ensure that those travel advisories are reflective of those communities, because on the border, it's not two communities. It's one community. And the importance of trade and people, goods and services going back and forth, is so critical to this country. What's good for northern Mexico is good for southern United States, and it's good for both countries. And, Mr. Starr, your comments, please.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you very much. And my last point, and I'm already over time--I apologize, Chairman. Ms. Saarnio, please communicate to the members of the Foreign Service, and they're sometimes overlooked at the difficulty of their job. They're doing it in hard places. They're working hard every single day to export our soft power around the world, and they do it in tough places. I recognize that. I had the honor of serving side-by-side with many of those. Thank you for what you do and please communicate that back.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.