    Chairman RICE. We are going to go ahead and proceed. I will call to order this meeting of the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access of the Small Business Committee. Thank you to everybody, especially to our witnesses for being here.    Five years ago, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was signed into law. With its passage came an onslaught of regulations. As we are aware, prior to Dodd-Frank's passage, there was a commonly repeated phrase of ``too big to fail,'' and a sense that our economy had been hurt due to large financial institutions inappropriate actions. This law was meant to curtail the inappropriate and risky actions of these ``too big to fail'' banks and increase financial stability and transparency while providing greater consumer protection.    Today, we are not seeing the benefits promised by the proponents of the law. The economy is not rebounding exponentially. We are not seeing financially stronger and smarter banking. Instead, as we will hear from our witnesses today, the small guys, who did not create the problems, are the ones who are suffering. The losers in this equation are small businesses, both the everyday Main Street business that has trouble getting a loan, and the local bank that has to hire compliance officers instead of getting capital into the hands of local small businesses.    These small financial institutions, our community banks and credit unions, are traditionally the individuals who lend to small firms. Recent research has found that community banks provide over 50 percent of the loans to small businesses. Especially in rural communities, like my district, the burdens created by Dodd-Frank are causing many small financial institutions to merge with larger entities or shut their doors completely, resulting in far less options where already there were not many options to choose from.    We have all heard that Dodd-Frank contained exemptions meant to ensure that financial institutions under a certain size would be unaffected. The creators and proponents of this legislation have repeatedly assured folks that they truly understand the importance of small financial institutions and that these entities were not why the law was created, nor were the proponents intending to harm them. Unfortunately, as we will hear today, even the smallest financial institutions are feeling the effects the burden of this law, and not just this law, but exponential growth in all federal banking regulations as it trickles down and creates substantial regulatory burdens.    At this time, I would just like to put up a couple of graphs that exhibit the point that I am trying to make here.    You know, all of us--Republican, Democrat, House, Senate, the President--say repeatedly--I have heard the President say over and over again that we need to simplify and streamline regulations affecting small business. I think there is a graph before this one. This is the first one? Okay.    Well, if you will look, that is all the regulations that have been issued. This is a study done by the Mercatus Center that looks at mandates and prohibitions and regulations. And if you look at this, you will see that all of the regulations issued under the Obama Administration, including Obamacare, EPA, the war on coal, all these other things, and then the regulations under Dodd-Frank there in the lighter colored line, the regulations issued just under Dodd-Frank outnumber the regulations issued in every other area of the federal government.    Next slide, please.    All right. There was another slide that I have got a copy of here, but it shows that in the six years since the president has been in office, that the number of regulations issued by the Administration is higher than any Administration since Richard Nixon. In six years. And we still have two years to go.    Next? Or excuse me. On this slide, yeah, that is the first slide I wanted there. Yeah. Can you make that bigger?    If you look at the top, you will see the top line is the regulations issued under the current Administration, and then underneath that--in six years--and you will see every President since Richard Nixon under there. And this Administration has already outpaced the number of regulations, despite the fact that they say we need to streamline and simplify regulations applying to small business. You know, let us look at not just--not just hear the words, but let us look at what is actually happening.    Okay. Next slide. And then you will see the regulations, which are more than any other Administration in the last 40 years. Most of those regulations are under Dodd-Frank. And in fact, we are just over halfway through with the rules that are supposed to be implemented under Dodd-Frank. So many more tens of thousands of regulations ultimately will be issued under this law. And those regulations obviously have a stifling effect on banking.    Next slide, please.    Dodd-Frank was passed under the guise of ``too big to fail,'' that we needed to do what we could to prevent large institutions from becoming so large that they were a threat to our financial system. This graph is a graph of the assets held by the large banks. And if you will see in that red line, it is the percentage of total banking assets held by large financial institutions. And since 2010--it is hard to read--but the total banking assets in the country since Dodd-Frank was passed, held by large financial institutions, has increased from 39 percent to about 42 or 43 percent. And I think this is the top five largest U.S. banks only. So Dodd-Frank has been a failure in terms of preventing these banks from becoming ``too big to fail,'' its primary mission.    Next slide, please.    Let us look at the effect on small banks. This is the number of banks being formed in the country. From 2000 to 2010, the number of banks being formed in the country averaged about 100 per year. And if you will look, since 2010, when Dodd-Frank was implemented, I think the average is about one or two banks per year, which is a scary, scary thing for our economy, because small banks are typically the new banks, and they are the primary lenders for small business. And small business employs 75 percent of the people in this country. So should we be surprised with no banks being formed that small businesses struggle to find capital--access to capital being one of America's biggest assets in the past? Should we be surprised that our economy continues to limp along at 2 percent instead of 4 percent?    Next slide, please.    This is the number of business startups and business closings. And you will see since 2009, that for the first time since the Great Depression, that business closings out number business startups in this country. Could that perhaps be tied to a lack of access to capital? I think that is very likely. I do not think this is coincidental. And again, this is small businesses going out of business at a faster pace than small businesses are being created, and these businesses are the primary employers of the American people.    Next slide, please.    This slide, okay, the primary source of wealth building in the country for the last 50-plus years, 100 years, has been homeownership. And you can see that homeownership has taken a nosedive and continues to dive, due largely to these new lending restrictions under Dodd-Frank. Homeownership now stands at the lowest level in 48 years.    Next slide, please.    And this is participation of people in the workforce. And you can see that it took a nosedive after the recession and continues to--it is now at record levels percentage of people who are outside of the workforce in this country.    So we have got the highest number of people that are outside the workforce in 30 years.    Back up a slide.    The lowest homeownership in 50 years.    Back up a slide.    The slowest rate of net business formation in 80 years.    Next slide. Back up a slide.    The lowest rate of bank formation in 80 years.    Next. Back up a slide.    So this is not a record, an economic record that anybody should be proud of. And Dodd-Frank plays a big part in this equation.    So with that, I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here this afternoon. I look forward to your testimony.    I now yield to Ranking Member Chu for her opening remarks.    Chairman RICE. Okay. If Committee members have an opening statement prepared, I ask they be submitted for the record.    I would like to take a moment to explain the timing lights to you. You will each have five minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have one minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. Finally, at the end of your five minutes, it will turn red, and there will be a certain amount of flexibility allowed there. I ask that you try to adhere generally to the time limit.    Our first witness is B. Doyle Mitchell, Jr., President and CEO of Industrial Bank located here in Washington, D.C. Industrial Bank was founded by Mr. Mitchell's grandfather in 1934, and is currently the sixth largest African-American owned bank in the country with $370 million in assets. Mr. Mitchell has worked at the Industrial Bank since 1984. Mr. Mitchell is testifying on behalf of the Independent Community Bankers of America.    Welcome, sir. You have five minutes, and you may begin.    Chairman RICE. I am pleased to introduce our next witness, one of my constituents, Scott Eagerton, the President and CEO of Dixies Federal Credit Union, which is headquartered in South Carolina's Seventh District and serves all of Florence and Darlington Counties. This small credit union has 7,000 members and nearly $42 million in assets. Mr. Eagerton is testifying on behalf of the National Association of Federal Credit Unions. Thank you for making the journey here today, sir. You may begin.    Chairman RICE. Thank you, sir.    Our third witness is Marshall Lux, a senior fellow at the Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. Mr. Lux worked in the financial services industry for over 30 years. We look forward to your testimony, sir. Please begin.    Chairman RICE. If you could wrap up your testimony.    Chairman RICE. Thank you, sir. We are going to have to wrap it up. Thank you.    Chairman RICE. I now yield to Ranking Member Chu for the introduction of her witness.    Chairman RICE. If you could be wrapping up.    Chairman RICE. Thank you, ma'am.    I have quite a number of questions. I learn so much every time I hear you speak. I have a couple of general questions for the guys in here on the ground that are doing the banking work. And I am going to start with you, Mr. Mitchell.    Do you think you were adequately regulated before the financial crisis? In other words, has additional regulation made your business safer? More efficient? More profitable? Are you serving your customers better as a result of this additional regulation?    Chairman RICE. All right. And you lend to a broad spectrum of people. The new tightened lending requirements, have they affected your ability to lend to the top 1 percent, to the wealthy people? Or would you say it disproportionately affects the middle class?    Chairman RICE. When you say ``many times,'' give me a percentage, somewhere between zero and 100.    Chairman RICE. Half? You think about regulations half the time when you are making a loan?    Chairman RICE. And is it more common that you would be prevented from making a loan to a wealthy person or to a middle-class person?    Chairman RICE. Have not the new lending restrictions taken away your ability to loan to somebody that might have been on the border?    Chairman RICE. And would you say that disproportionately affects a minority community?    Chairman RICE. Mr. Eagerton, I am going to go to you next, sir. Do you think you were adequately regulated prior to the financial crisis?    Chairman RICE. And do you think that all these new regulations have made your bank safer? Have made it more efficient? Have allowed you to better take care of your customers?    Chairman RICE. All right. And would you say that these regulations affect more your ability to loan to wealthy people or to people who you might otherwise have been on the borderline and you might have taken a chance on?    Chairman RICE. So you think it disproportionately affects the middle class?    Chairman RICE. And minority borrowers?    Chairman RICE. Mr. Lux, can you generally describe for me, you know, we were talking earlier about the SBA kind of filling the gap for these community banks. Ms. Chu referred to the SBA making 65,000 loans. Do you think the SBA can fill the gap that these community banks are leaving open?    Chairman RICE. Do you think the additional regulatory burden, not just by Dodd-Frank but the accumulative banking regulations since the financial crisis--you know, the pendulum has swung. Right? It had swung too far to be too loose, and clearly it swung the other way. Do you think that shaves points off of our GDP? Do you think that negatively affects our economy?    Chairman RICE. If you can wrap up, my time is up.    Chairman RICE. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.    Chairman RICE. I now recognize Ms. Chu, the Ranking Member.    Chairman RICE. Representative Kelly?    Chairman RICE. Representative Hahn?    Chairman RICE. Thank you, Ms. Hahn.    Mr. Hanna?    Chairman RICE. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Payne?    Chairman RICE. Thank you, Mr. Payne.    Mr. Luetkemeyer?    Chairman RICE. Thank you, Mr. Luetkemeyer.    Mr. Brat?    Chairman RICE. Without objection.    Chairman RICE. Thank you, Mr. Brat.    They have called for votes. Do you have anything you want to add?    We have been talking about babies and bathwater. And I want to finish this up just looking at what is swimming around in our bathwater right now, the graphs I started out with, the big banks are still getting bigger, small bank formations are at 80-year lows. Net business startups are at 80-year lows. Homeownership is at 50-year lows. Workforce participation is at 30 year lows. We are in a bad spot, and I think Dodd-Frank, and just general banking regulation, has a lot to do with that. I think we vastly diminished access to capital in this country and we need to deal with it or it bears poorly for our economy.    Thank you for being here. Thank you to the witnesses. Thank you for those who came and participated in the audience. The meeting is adjourned.