    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I have watched your career for a number of years and you seem always to have gravitated toward fighting the intellectual battle and making sure that the United States was fighting that part of the battle of ideas and concepts rather than just the battle of who can shoot and kill the enemy.    We have experienced--this is fascinating. Thank you for your testimony from each of you today. We have lived through this before. I mean, it seems that fanaticism and which then accepts violence as a means to achieving fanatic goals is not new to this era of human history and we have--during the French Revolution we had people, you know, all of a sudden things went haywire and the struggle for liberty became the, let us say, guillotine anybody who speaks against the revolution, which then meant anybody who was just in some way opposing some of the concepts that were being discussed. Mao Tse-tung, Pol Pot, you name it--we have had these people who for some reason were able to mobilize large numbers of people to slaughter people who were basically innocent people.    This is--not to mention Hitler and his ilk, and how do we deter that in this modern age. I will tell you that, being a writer myself I especially--is it Lobel?    Mr. Lobel's concepts were very--I had not heard your presentation before. Who actually is paying for these things that you are doing already with this, sending groups of writers and things like that? Who's financing that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. So that's--well, that is to be commended, I will have to say. But either we are going to change--what we are up against is, as I say, another type of fanaticism that has emerged and where you have fanatics who are willing to commit violence in order to achieve their ends what you end up with is terrorism and it takes a real fanatic to be able to murder someone who doesn't have a gun and someone who is just there and just a human being who happens to be in the middle of a situation, especially if the ideas you're going to promote what you believe is the truth--the ultimate truth--by terrorizing populations into submission to that truth.    And it seems to me that's what we have here. So I thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for this. You have been very provocative today. I don't really have any specific questions. That one question is who financed it--can we count on private financing to fight this battle?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know, at times when the government takes over jobs like this they have to reach so many compromises within an editorial concept that everything comes out mush and they are not able to really hit the points that need to be hit.    So I would think that we should be encouraging, Mr. Chairman, as many people in our private sector and throughout academia and elsewhere to actually get directly involved in this effort to reach out to those fanatical elements in the world today that threaten the rest of us and perhaps reach out to them in a variety of different ways. So I sure appreciate your testimony and----    Mr. Rohrabacher. One last thought on that.    I remember very well when I thought that we were going to at that point win the Cold War. I mean, at one point in my life I thought--I was sure that Communism would end up dominating this planet including the United States.    But at that moment, Mr. Chairman, when I realized that we were going to win is when they started doing commercials making fun of Russia--of the Soviet Union.    And remember the babushkas were coming out in their swimming suits and then it was their dress suits and it was all the same suit, right? And what we need to do is perhaps reach that point with the fanatics--with religious fanatics--whatever they are, but Islamic in particular because it's there and engaged with that violence as making sure that violent fanaticism is ridiculed--that we ridicule it rather than try to confront it intellectually. Maybe both.    Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.