    Mr. Mayer. Thank you very much, Chairman Lamborn, Representative Thompson, and members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today. My testimony is being presented on behalf of the Pennsylvania Independent Oil and Gas Association of Pennsylvania.    Under the Weeks Act of 1911, sovereign states had first to consent to, by way of statutes, the acquisition of any lands whatsoever before any lands could be acquired for the purposes of national forest growing. Under Section 9 of the Weeks Act, before the United States could even purchase any surface lands that had been severed from oil and gas estates before the time the United States purchased itself, these are known as outstanding estates, it had to be found or certified that such estates, from their very nature, would in no manner interfere with the use of the land for the purposes of the Act. For reserved estates, those reserved at the time of the purchase from the seller himself or herself, the rules that were incorporated had to be expressed in and made a part of the deeds in order to be applied or effective.    Before proceeding further with my testimony, I did want to point out one point, which I think is important and helpful for the committee to know. One of the final acts in the events that would unfold in the 8 years of litigation and conflict between Northwest Pennsylvania's oil and gas producers and the Forest Service--pointedly, it was the Department of Justice in April 2014 awarding the Pennsylvania Independent Oil and Gas Association a half-a-million dollars, $530,000 exactly, in its legal fees and expenses in the Central Minard Run case, pursuant to a claim filed by the Equal Access to Justice Act. The Act authorizes the recovery of legal fees for an aggrieved party when the government is unable to show that its position in the litigation was substantially justified.    Beginning in 2006, the Forest Service departed from its decades-long cooperative relationship with private mineral owners and set upon a course of action designed to effectively seize control of the 483,000 acres of private mineral estates underlying the ANF. They went from a posture of cooperation--I was there--to a posture of coercion.    Included in its efforts was a 2009 sweetheart settlement agreement with environmental activists that was set aside by the Federal courts, the establishment--and I am not making this up--of an oil and gas strike team by the regional forester, and various administrative actions and rulemakings crafted to essentially strangle oil and gas development activity on the private estates in the ANF. Most of these initiatives were ultimately abandoned or suspended, as a result of PIOGA engaging with the Forest Service on these matters, as well as other parties. And in due course, fortunately, the Federal courts intervened to prevent the Forest Service from realizing its aims.    Getting to the precise questions today, I think that it is very important to the law in question that the language in 30 U.S.C. 226(o) about not construing what is there having anything to do with an effect on state authority is important. The language defers to state authority and sovereignty, just as the language in Section 9 of the Weeks Act does, and just as a requirement in the Weeks Act itself, that the sovereign states must consent to any acquisitions before they could occur at all.    In this regard, in 2008, the Pennsylvania General Assembly unanimously adopted resolutions reconfirming that the acquisition of the ANF under the Weeks Act did not and does not confer power on the United States to manage or regulate mineral estates that were in existence but were never purchased or condemned by the United States at the time of the acquisition. And the General Assembly also resolved that the imposition of any rules that would purport to manage or regulate reserved or outstanding estates, unless expressed in the deeds, would exceed the consent of the Commonwealth.    This principle of not recognizing or consenting to Federal jurisdiction over property rights that the Federal Government never acquired when it purchased the ANF was carried forward by the PA legislature 4 years later when it passed Act 13 of 2013, which is a comprehensive overhaul of the oil and gas regulations that is now in effect that covers every aspect of oil and gas development on the ANF and elsewhere in Pennsylvania. That provision reaffirmed that it was Pennsylvania laws and statutes that would apply to the reserved and outstanding estates in the ANF, and only those statutes.    Also in the Minard Run four decisions--there were five decisions in the history of that name in cases--Judge McLaughlin dismissed on the merits the argument that the Forest Service possessed broad regulatory authority as a result of Pennsylvania's 1911 consent statute, which authorized the acquisition to begin with. In so doing, he noted that the Pennsylvania Act contains no language authorizing the Federal Government to pass regulatory laws concerning unacquired mineral estates.    In closing, the Federal court rulings in the Minard Run line of cases, as well as action by the Pennsylvania legislature, have really resulted in subsection (o) becoming moot and superfluous. There is some confusion here with respect to what is, in fact, in effect as the law. There is no question that notice is absolutely required, has been required, and is continually given by any oil and gas producer since the 1980 decision in what was called Minard Run I. The repeal of this statute would in no fashion diminish the requirement for notice.    Mr. Mayer. Thank you.    Mr. Mayer. Let me just respond by saying that this provision did not figure centrally in the litigation until about 2008, when it was cited in a rulemaking initiative as one of the basics for a comprehensive rulemaking wherein the Forest Service was going to apply a whole series of rules to the non-Federal mineral estates, private estates throughout the country, to include the ANF.    So, it was not just limited to the ANF, it was cited as authority to expand it beyond the ANF.    Mr. Mayer. Sir, the 60-day notice is not being thrown out by any----    Mr. Mayer. The 60-day notice was established by the Federal District Court in 1980 and is in full force and effect today, and has been in full force and effect since the date of that ruling. The only thing the 1992 Act did was simply put that into the statute itself. The 1992 Act is, if you will, the vestigial organ that needs to----    Mr. Mayer. Not at all. The Federal district decision remains in full force and effect. It was an interpretation of Pennsylvania law, and it applies completely on the Allegheny National Forest and the state of Pennsylvania----    Mr. Mayer. Absolutely not, sir. Absolutely not. And I am 100 percent assured of that statement. Absolutely not.    Mr. Mayer. I am.    Mr. Mayer. Could I just add briefly? The----    Mr. Mayer. OK.    Mr. Mayer. That would be my estimate, having been involved in tracking many of the expenses, that about $4 million--there were 7 cases, ultimately, that were filed in----    Mr. Mayer. Mr. Hice, that was, I think, one of the reasons the Department of Justice awarded PIOGA the funds under the Equal Access to Justice Act. And commentators on the case have noticed that very fact, that the policies and positions of the Forest Service taken on the Allegheny in the case beginning back in 2006 departed from their very own policies and rules, which was even more surprising, certainly to us, when that occurred.    Mr. Mayer. Based upon my experience, I am certain they were aware of what the various policy statements were. They were reminded continually by us in the oil and gas industry in different venues and in different forums. And then, as Congressman Lowenthal mentioned, there was a legal opinion that came into play back in 2007----    Mr. Mayer. I would say they took great liberties with their interpretation.    Mr. Mayer. In my view, I would have a hard time describing it as rogue, simply because it went from the Allegheny through the regional office and into the Washington office, in terms of the policies that were being pursued with respect to the Allegheny in this particular litigation.    Mr. Mayer. I find that unusual, but nonetheless----