    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and welcome to the witnesses.    Just for clarity, Mr. Rhoades, you told committee staff that after March 1, 2015, no one has told you that they believe wait times are being falsified. Is that correct? Is that what you said to the committee staff?    Ms. Kelly. So is that ----    Ms. Kelly.--a yes or no?    Mr. Rhoades.--that's as best as I can tell is March 1, 2015. But as I stated earlier, ma'am, when the airport police start having police officers count your wait time, it's an indication of trust. And so I would maybe look at that as the measurement that when police organizations at airports are starting to count the wait times of your checkpoint security queue, then something's wrong.    Ms. Kelly. But to that question, you don't have a yes or a no?    Ms. Kelly. Okay.    Ms. Kelly. In early 2015, the preliminary results of tests of TSA's screening operations conducted by the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general leaked to the press. The inspector general made findings that, according to the Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson, ``were completely unsatisfactory.'' In response to these results, Secretary Johnson ordered TSA to implement the 10-point plan. Mr. Brainard, are you aware of these findings?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. As part of the ongoing effort to complete the 10-point plan and resolve security vulnerabilities, Administrator Neffenger had worked to address what he identified as a ``disproportionate focus on efficiency and speed and screening operations rather than security effectiveness.'' To that end, Administrator Neffenger testified before this committee that he has provided new training to ``every transportation security officer and supervisor to address the specific vulnerabilities identified by the OIG test.''    Mr. Brainard, has your staff received this training?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. You discussed the impact that this training has had on the performance of the screener workforce during your transcribed interview with the committee staff. You stated, ``Well, the management-essentials training obviously has improved our situation in terms of how they conduct their jobs, the thoroughness, I mean. There have been improvements in terms of, I think, without seeing any test results, the detection capabilities.'' Is that correct?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Administrator Neffenger has also refocused the screener workforce on resolving alarms at checkpoints, and he testified he is readjusting the measurements of success to focus on security rather than speed. When you spoke with committee staff, you were asked whether under Administrator Neffenger there had been ``a new emphasis on resolving the alarm,'' and you said, ``absolutely.'' Is that correct?    Ms. Kelly. What is the importance of resolving alarms at the checkpoints?    Ms. Kelly. I just want to throw in one more question. What is the nature and impact of TSA's staffing shortages?    Ms. Kelly. What is the nature and impact of TSA's staffing shortages? And I am out of time after you answer.    Ms. Kelly. The chairman won't let you do that.