    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx.    And let me also thank the witnesses for your presence and testimony here today.    Fifty years ago seemed throughout much of America there were robust opportunities connected to manufacturing jobs and factory jobs in much of the country that would allow an American to have a pathway toward the middle class without having to obtain a college education. Those days have subsequently abandoned us. It seems many of those factory and manufacturing jobs have moved overseas and aren't available to Americans.    So we are in a situation now where increasingly, many of the jobs in our economy are going to require some higher education. I think in about 5 years I have seen statistics suggesting that more than 65 percent of the jobs will actually require a college degree.    And so given this changing sort of landscape that we find ourselves in, maybe we will start with Dr. Perna, I mean, what do you suggest that we do from a federal government perspective in investing in the notion that we are going to have to better prepare a wider number of Americans for successfully completing a higher education in order for us as a country, I think, to remain prepared for our folks to adequately succeed in the 21st century economy?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you.    Dr. Alexander, in terms of the shift from a manufacturing, factory-based economy of 50 years ago to, increasingly, an economy anchored in the technology and innovation sectors, what we have got right now, I believe the vacancy rate is somewhere between 20 to 25 percent within the technology and innovation economy across the country. Extraordinarily high vacancy rate.    Companies consistently tell us as members of Congress, ``We can't find highly qualified workers to fill these reasonably well-paying jobs even at the entry level, sometimes as high as $70,000, $80,000.''    What do we need to do in order to tackle the preparation gap for younger Americans? Because it seems like in these sophisticated fields--science, technology, engineering, mathematics, computer programming--it can't just start at the higher education level. What needs to be done to create a reasonable opportunity for success so that when they get to an institution like UCLA they are prepared to tackle these STEM fields?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Jeffries. You seem to get to the heart of the problem.    Dr. Adams, you are recognized for 5 minutes.