    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Cohen, for your testimony today and for your service to our country, and Mr. Scheeler, thank you for being here.    As we broach this subject of integrity and fair processes, the EPA claims that they took their action against the Pebble Mine because the agency received a petition letter asking them to stop the mine by using a preemptive 404(c) action. Mr. Cohen, can you explain what you found regarding this in the course of your investigation?    Hon. Cohen. Well, I think that Mr. Scheeler has already commented on this, that there is evidence that a decision--a recommendation for a decision to go to 404(c) preceded the action taken by EPA so that there is a fairly lengthy period of time in which it's clear that it was not the petition that activated this but rather that this was something that was thought about as long ago as 2005, long before the agency took action by instituting a so-called Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment in 2011.    Mr. Westerman. So in the course of your investigation, did you find that any EPA employees were assisting the petitioners in their efforts to draft the letter?    Hon. Cohen. Again, Mr. Scheeler testified to this a few moments ago, but there was correspondence from an attorney representing the tribes sending a letter to Mr. North suggesting or requesting any assistance he might want to give or comment he might want to make on a potential petition filed by the tribes. That was a subject matter we discussed earlier where we don't know what Mr. North said in return. It was communicated to Mr. North's private email account and not to the public one.    Mr. Westerman. So in your opinion, is it appropriate for a federal government employee to assist a group that petitions a federal agency for action?    Hon. Cohen. I think it's appropriate if it's public. If such communication is taking place and it's above board and this is the EPA assisting tribes or others who have a very strong interest in this, as long as it's fully disclosed and above board, then I certainly don't have any question about that.    Mr. Westerman. And I know with the votes, some of us were in and out, and maybe missed part of the testimony, so I apologize for doubling up on the same question, but would it be your recommendation that the Committee use its subpoena power to try to get to the bottom of some of these questions?    Hon. Cohen. The answer is absolutely. You're the ones in charge of this in terms of oversight over EPA. EPA should welcome oversight by the appropriate committees, and I think it's a policy decision that Congress really has to adopt here. 404(c) has been used 13 times in 43 years. They've used it after a permit for a mine has been applied for. This is the first time this has been used in this case without one. So I think it's a policy decision.    Now, EPA may say look at the statute, look at the regulation that went into effect without any comment, by the way, look at that and say we have the power. Now, does Congress feel they have the power? Does Congress feel that this should be a model for watershed modeling for land-use planning? That would have some pretty serious consequences to every state if power had shifted to EPA in this fashion. So I think these are issues of policy issues and you can get at them, Congress can get at them through the subpoena power, and frankly, I would be surprised if EPA wouldn't be willing to come before you and testify as to exactly what has happened so that they can say we did everything we feel we were required to do. I don't know why you'd even be forced to issue subpoenas since you have oversight over the EPA, and I don't know why they would be reluctant to do that.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And to follow up from the gentleman from Texas, I do believe the discussion today has devolved more into whether there should be a mine in Bristol Bay or whether there should or shouldn't be a mine. But the real question here is about a fair and impartial process to determine whether there should be a mine. And, Mr. Collier, Secretary Cohen testified that EPA employee Phil North and Jeff Parker, an attorney representing groups opposed to the Pebble Mine, were in regular contact about what action EPA could take with regard to the Pebble Mine. As the CEO of the mining development company, how does this make you feel?    Mr. Westerman. Well, and this issue is about much more than a mine in Alaska; it's policy that affects the whole country and projects that could potentially take place all across the country.    There's a slide I would like to have shown.    This is from Phil North, who worked with the EPA. And it's an email between Mr. North and Jeff Parker, who was an attorney representing groups opposed to the Pebble Mine. And if you look, the date on this is April 12th, 2009. And we see here from Mr. North, he said, ``a few suggested edits. I keep trying to include ecological impacts, but if they make the sentenced awkward, then delete. Of course, ignore any suggestions anyway.''    Given this email, Mr. Collier, from your perspective how can you feel that Pebble Mine received any fair treatment by the EPA?    Mr. Westerman. So have you ever competed and lost in anything?    Mr. Westerman. So have you ever felt like you were--you competed and it was an unfair competition?    Mr. Westerman. So we've all had times when we win and when we lose, but it's a little bit harder to swallow when we feel like it was an unfair competition. If you were able to go through the process and your permit was denied and you couldn't build the mine, how would you feel about it if you thought the process was fair?    Mr. Westerman. It looks like I'm out of time, Mr. Chairman.