    Dr. Sheffield. Thank you. Chairman Murphy, Ms. Castor and representatives, I'd like to thank you for the opportunity today to testify before you on the effects of Zika virus in pregnant women and how clinicians are responding to this virus threatening the United States and the rest of the Americas.    The Zika virus epidemic is a unique situation. It is a mild disease in adults in most cases, of little consequence to date other than the uncommon but potentially devastating complication of Guillain-Barre AE1 Syndrome. However, maternal Zika infection during pregnancy can have enormous consequences to the developing fetus. Zika has received international attention predominantly because of its effect on the developing fetus, specifically the association with microcephaly, significant effects on brain growth and development, and ocular abnormalities. Thus, much of the focus so far of current efforts has been on the management of the at-risk patients.    You've heard extensive testimony about the origin of this virus and its spread over the last six decades, so I won't repeat myself or repeat that information for the sake of time. While the Continental United States has not identified a case of local transmission of Zika, there is a growing number of confirmed travel-related cases, several of these in pregnant women as we've heard about. While transmission of Zika virus is primarily through the infected mosquito, transmission may also rarely occur through infected blood in laboratory accidents, vertical transmission from a pregnant mother to the fetus has been confirmed, and finally cases of sexual transmission of Zika from an infected person to an uninfected sexual partner is increasingly being documented.    Data regarding Zika virus infection in pregnancy are limited, and it is imperative that resources are directed to elucidating the pathophysiology of the infection on pregnancy, rate of fetal transmission, influence of timing in infection and relation to pregnancy on fetal manifestations of the disease, and long-term consequences of fetal infection. While it is unknown at this time if pregnant women are more susceptible to Zika virus, the disease itself does not appear any worse in pregnant women compared to non-pregnant women. Zika infects pregnant women in any trimester, and the virus has been found in multiple different tissues from fetal losses, amniotic fluid, the placenta, and the brain of infected neonates.    The Brazilian outbreak of virus was associated with a significant rise in microcephaly. Microcephaly itself is diagnosed when the head is significantly smaller than what would be expected for the sex and gestational age of the infant. There are many causes of microcephaly, average rate is about 2 to 12 per 10,000 live births in the United States. There are multiple etiologies or multiple causes, chromosomal abnormalities, genetic abnormalities, toxin exposures such as mercury, alcohol exposure during pregnancy, and in the case of Zika, also other infections such as cytomegalovirus and rubella.    The reason microcephaly develops in association with Zika is currently under investigation. Infants with microcephaly can have multiple long-term complications depending on the severity of the microcephaly and the associated abnormalities: seizures, developmental delay, including speech and motor abnormalities are just a few of these complications. There is no known cure, and treatments are very limited depending on what the etiology is of the microcephaly. Significant resources are going to have to be focused on the long-term care of these affected infants.    Since the microcephaly association was first noted several months ago, we now know that there's multiple other abnormalities, and I've detailed these in my written testimony. Soon after the association of Zika virus infection and fetal microcephaly was identified, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention set up a health alert and brought together subject matter experts including arbovirus virologists, public health personnel, and obstetrics and gynecologists with expertise in infectious disease and pregnancy. While data were very limited at that time, interim guidelines were rapidly developed to inform physicians caring for pregnant women, management strategies were disseminated, and educational materials describing preventative measures were made widely available not just to physicians but to the general public. These guidelines have been updated several times as new information has been elucidated. As was mentioned, the American College of OBGYN and also the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine have played a very integral part in the development and dissemination of this information, and I will be glad to answer any questions related to the management of these patients.    Zika virus infection is now a notifiable disease allowing for better surveillance of disease burden. The CDC has developed a pregnancy registry with confirmed Zika infection in the United States. They actually released a report on Friday that was briefly mentioned earlier detailing the initial results of 257 Zika tests performed for pregnant women in the report, 3 percent were positive. The nine women that were positive, two electively terminated, two had a miscarriage or first trimester loss, one delivered an infant with severe microcephaly, and two pregnancies are ongoing, two pregnancies have delivered and so far there are no known effects to the infant. One woman was infected in a third trimester and delivered a healthy infant. So while this initial report is an important first step, much more is needed for the physician to be able to effectively counsel pregnant women at risk for infection. Support for both national and international research targeting key populations such as pregnant women is imperative. Until effective treatments and/or a vaccine are developed, prevention of maternal infection is necessary to prevent the devastating consequences of fetal infection. Thank you.    Dr. Sheffield. I think that's actually a superb question, and we talked about it quite extensively. My hospital, Johns Hopkins, we have developed a very comprehensive screening tool with a list of the countries and territories that are currently affected, and we are trying to spread this information out to multiple other centers. When I talk to other colleagues from around the country they are doing the same thing. So very similar to Ebola, we're working on a screening questionnaire.    Dr. Sheffield. Absolutely.    Dr. Sheffield. Whether they traveled. The pregnant women regardless of symptoms require testing.    Dr. Sheffield. Yes, sir.    Dr. Sheffield. I think that is actually one of the big concerns, is that even if you're infected in the third trimester, have no evidence at delivery of microcephaly or neurologic abnormalities, the long-term follow-up of these babies is imperative because we don't know what the long-term consequences are going to be.    Dr. Sheffield. So when the guidelines were first drafted--very soon after the reports initially came out about the microcephaly, they called a group of people together, and we freely admitted--I was not a Zika expert at the time. I knew very little actually about the Zika virus infection. However, the group of us had done a lot of work over the years with other infections and how it affects pregnancy, such as cytomegalovirus, and so the group of us that came together at the request of the CDC kind of looked at what data was available to us with the understanding of what happens with other viruses, and drafted just the original, the initial guidelines, which have subsequently been updated every time new data comes out. But the guidelines initially, if you look back a couple of months ago when they first came out, they were essentially screen everybody that traveled, and we talked a little bit about how to screen, the diagnostic tools that we've already talked about earlier today, and then ultrasound looking for actual fetal abnormalities, particularly in the head.    Dr. Sheffield. This virus is fascinating because this virus is very neurotropic. It likes the brain, it likes the fetal brain and nervous tissue obviously in adults since we're talking about Guillain-Barre AE1 Syndrome, but it is very neurotropic. There aren't a lot of other viruses that affect the developing fetus that is so specific to the nervous system, or to the brain. There are other viruses such as rubella, one of the most devastating viruses out there that cause multiple fetal abnormalities, but it causes abnormalities in multiple different systems. Same with some of the other viruses and parasites that will affect a pregnant woman. This one so far has been very, very focused on brain and neurologic abnormalities.    Dr. Sheffield. Absolutely.    Dr. Sheffield. So right now myself as I'm sitting across the table from one of my pregnant women that is considering traveling and my colleagues across the country are all pretty much following the ACOG, SMFM, and CDC guidelines, which is if you have a pregnant woman that is interested in traveling to a Zika affected area currently we, one, recommend against it. If they do have to travel there is excellent education out there about prevention of mosquito bites because if they do travel, it all becomes prevention because, again, there is no treatment, and there's no vaccine currently available. So for right now it is prevention. So we spend a lot of time if they do have to travel talking about preventative measures, and there again is a lot of information on the CDC Web site for that.    We also, if they come back from travel, and this is where a lot of my patients are coming in, as two months ago they never heard of Zika virus. They've all traveled down to an affected area and they're coming back suddenly in a panic after seeing everything that's happened. And those are the ones where we have testing available. Again, not perfect as we've heard, but it's what we have available, and then ultrasound or evaluation.    Dr. Sheffield. The specific areas for the evaluation?    Dr. Sheffield. Oh, travel to. So the CDC has a linked Web site of travel notice, and they keep updating it. Every time a new country or a new territory comes up, they update that list. Last I saw it was about 30 or so countries and territories, and it's online. It's very easily accessible, and actually we update it for our clinicians. We have the link right there in clinic. They click on it, they pull it up, and they're able to say OK, where did you travel? All right, you're on the list.    Dr. Sheffield. Brazil, Colombia, Puerto Rico, though Cuba is not on it, we actually have tested one patient that's traveled from Cuba, so we're talking about the Caribbean.    Dr. Sheffield. No, it is frequently. It's actually frequently updated as new countries are reporting.    Dr. Sheffield. So right now the guidance is if you travel to an area you're not pregnant, we're recommending people wait at least 4 weeks. The reason for that is the incubation period is about up to 2 weeks. The viremic time period where the virus can cross to the placenta and then to the fetus is somewhere around 7 to 10 days.    Dr. Sheffield. We don't. Right now we're saying about four weeks, but that is based on, again, very, very limited data. That's where we desperately need information coming out of Brazil, and Colombia, and some of the U.S. studies that are---    Dr. Sheffield. To the best of our knowledge, yes.    Dr. Sheffield. I'm a physician. We never deal in absolute----    Dr. Sheffield. But we do strongly recommend they not travel.    Dr. Sheffield. So practically speaking, I am an advocate of providing effective contraception in order to, as you mentioned, provide a tool to prevent pregnancy if the woman so desires, if she does have to travel to Zika-affected areas. So if I have a woman that is not pregnant and is not interested in becoming pregnant in the near future, we do talk contraception, particularly if she is traveling down to Zika-affected areas.    Dr. Sheffield. So this has kind of thrown a wrench in it in our discussions over the last month or so. Now that sexual transmission has been confirmed and we are discovering more and more cases of sexual transmission, again all of them so far have been male to female transmission as was mentioned earlier. Our counseling right now is if you are a male who has a pregnant female partner, when you come back from travel from a Zika-affected area use condoms or actually abstain from sexual practice; however, if you don't abstain, use condoms. And we're using the word, consistently and correctly use the condoms, and trying to prevent transmission. It may not be 100 percent unless it's true abstinence, but it at least provides some protection.    Dr. Sheffield. We think it can. There haven't been excellent documented cases yet of an asymptomatic mother passing to an infant, or passing to her fetus. That being said, we are assuming that it could happen, and so the recommendations are the same whether you're symptomatic or asymptomatic.    Dr. Sheffield. So right now when a pregnant woman comes back from a Zika-affected area, we're doing the initial test. We're doing the PCR, RT-PCR if she is symptomatic. If she is asymptomatic, we are doing the IGM and the plaque-reducing neutralizing antibody test. If that is negative, we still are following up the fetus with serial ultrasounds. If the ultrasound becomes abnormal, we will retest a mother that initially tested negative, and we will offer amniocentesis to test the fetus, also.    Dr. Sheffield. Right now we have not been turned down on a test. Maryland actually is able to do the test. It's the one of the states that's able to do the test. However, when we start rolling this out to all 50 states, I think that is a large question, is if every pregnant woman who travels needs to be tested at least once, do we have the capacity? And then you start looking at the asymptomatic, or the symptomatic men and testing. I think that is a concern.    Dr. Sheffield. So that's an excellent question. For breast-feeding mothers, so far they have found Zika RNA in the breast milk, so we know that at some point the virus has made it to the breast milk. That being said, there have been no cases of transmission from breast milk. There also have not been active virus identified from the breast milk, so we know that there's parts of virus there. That's why the PCR comes back positive. But as of right now we haven't found active virus in breast milk.