    Chairman Royce. The committee will come to order.    Pursuant to notice, we meet today to mark up several bipartisan measures. And without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements or any extraneous material for the record.    Consideration of S. 284 is being postponed, and as members were notified yesterday, we intend to consider the other five measures en bloc. And so without objection, the following items previously provided to members will be considered en bloc and are considered as read: H.R. 1150, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act; Smith amendment 76 in the nature of a substitute to this measure; also, H.R. 3694, the Strategy to Oppose Predatory Organ Trafficking Act, along with Trott amendment No. 8 in the nature of a substitute to this measure, and the Keating amendment 63 to the Trott amendment; then we have H.R. 4939, the U.S.-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016; and we have House Concurrent Resolution 88, Reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the Cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan Relations, along with Chabot amendment 36 in the nature of a substitute and the Connolly amendment 72 to the Chabot amendment; and we have S. 2143, Starr-Camargo Bridge Act, as passed by the Senate.    Chairman Royce. And after recognizing myself and the ranking member, I will be pleased to recognize any member seeking recognition to speak once on any of these measures.    I want to thank our Subcommittee Chairman Smith and his more than 100 bipartisan cosponsors on their work on H.R. 1150, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act. Inspired by years of oversight and multiple hearings, this bill updates the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the coordination and effectiveness of U.S. efforts to promote religious liberty worldwide.    Eighteen years after that law was passed, freedom of religion remains under threat not only by authoritarian regimes obsessed with control, but also by new nonstate actors. ISIS, Boko Haram, al-Shabaab have turned religious intolerance into a murderous force of global instability. The right to believe and practice according to the dictates of conscience is a direct challenge to their very ideologies. And thus, it is not just a human rights issue. It has become a global security issue.    By improving coordination, confronting nonstate actors, and bettering reporting and training, this bill, 1150, is a helpful refinement of our statutory commitment to combat religious persecution around the world.    Moving on to House Concurrent Resolution 88, a resolution reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan relations. Congress has long championed a strong relationship with Taiwan through landmark measures like the Taiwan Relations Act and through pressing successive administrations to fulfill their obligation to sell defensive arms to Taiwan.    Today, our committee is once again reaffirming the U.S. commitment to Taiwan by upholding the Six Assurances as one of the cornerstones of U.S.-Taiwan policy, right alongside the Taiwan Relations Act. And I want to thank Representative Steve Chabot for offering this important measure and Representative Connolly for his amendment stressing the role Congress has played in fostering this critical relationship.    I also want to thank and recognize Representatives Trott and Deutch for introducing H.R. 3694, the STOP Organ Trafficking Act.    Organ trafficking has been reported in over 20 countries in all regions of the world. Criminal organizations and terrorist groups are increasingly engaging in this black market industry. It is valued today as an industry at over $1 billion. ISIS recently issued a ``fatwa'' sanctioning forced organ harvesting from its captives and from apostates, that would be Yazidis or Christians or Kurds or others who they believe are apostates to their ideology. And traffickers smuggling refugees into Europe have reportedly coerced organ donations as the payment now for travel.    The U.S. has led the fight against human trafficking with help from this committee and its members. This bill continues that leadership by closing the gap in U.S. law that currently fails to recognize organ trafficking as a form of human trafficking. The legislation also supports voluntary organ donation systems, authorizes the President to revoke passports or deny visas for anyone convicted of organ trafficking crimes, and requires annual reporting to Congress on actions by the U.S. and other countries to combat organ trafficking.    And I want to address H.R. 4939, the United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016, and thank Ranking Member Engel and Chairman Emeritus Ros-Lehtinen for their leadership in advancing U.S. interests in the Western Hemisphere.    For over a decade, countries in the Caribbean have been largely beholden to Venezuelan oil subsidies in exchange for their support of the authoritarian Venezuelan Government of Hugo Chavez and now Nicolas Maduro. The United States has not developed a comprehensive strategy of how best to engage this region to enhance diplomatic relations, to help the region improve energy security, to reduce violence and curb drug trafficking, and advance cooperation on democracy and human rights.    So this bill will require the State Department and USAID to develop a comprehensive and clear strategy on best engaging the Caribbean region. And the bill also requires the Government Accountability Office to evaluate the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative so that we can be sure we are advancing our interests in the region using the best and most efficient approach.    Lastly, we consider S. 2143, the Starr-Camargo Bridge Act. Two weeks ago, the Senate unanimously passed this measure, which was introduced by Senator Cornyn. And Representative Cuellar here, of Texas, on the House side, has introduced an identical version in this body.    This bill, the Senate bill 2143, will grant the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company the permanent authority to operate and maintain the international bridge that connects via the Rio Grande City, Texas, and Monterrey, Mexico. This will give Starr-Camargo the same authorities Congress has previously given to other privately owned international bridges.    The bridge has seen continued growth in commercial traffic since 2009, and it plays an important role in facilitating trade and travel in the region. By granting this authority, we are incentivizing Starr-Camargo to continue maintaining and expanding the bridge's capacity to keep up with the growing trade and commerce along the Texas border with Mexico.    And I want to thank both Representative Cuellar and Representative Castro for their leadership in bringing this measure forward for consideration here today.    I now recognize the ranking member for his remarks.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    Any other members seeking recognition?    Mr. Smith.    Chairman Royce. Without objection.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Royce. It is often referenced, this piece of history, in textbooks about Congress' role. And without objection, we will put it in the record.    Chairman Royce. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    I did have the pleasure of going aboard one of those frigates as we were trying to expedite the process with my legislation. But it is now done, and this legislation will now, after our vote, go to the floor.    But in the meantime, I think Ileana Ros-Lehtinen was seeking time.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ileana.    Mr. Ted Deutch from Florida.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Keating from Massachusetts.    Chairman Royce. I want to just respond if I could, Mr. Keating. I thank you for this amendment and support its inclusion in the bill.    Having adequate laws on the books without strong enforcement, frankly, is meaningless, so amending the annual report to highlight a country's implementation and enforcement efforts will send this clear message, and it is going to enhance our efforts to stop organ trafficking. So we thank you for your improvement to the legislation.    Mr. Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. We will go to Mr. Cicilline from Rhode Island.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Cicilline.    We go now to Mr. Chabot of Ohio.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Trott.    Chairman Royce. Any additional members seeking recognition?    Hearing no further requests for recognition, the question occurs on the items considered en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    All those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it and the measures considered en bloc are agreed to. And without objection, the measures considered en bloc are ordered favorably reported, as amended, and staff is directed to make any technical and conforming changes. Also without objection, the Chair is authorized to seek House consideration of those measures under suspension of the rules.    And that concludes our business for today.    I again want to thank Ranking Member Engel. I want to thank all of our committee members for their contributions and assistance with today's markup.    This committee stands adjourned, and these measures are passed.