    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, you said in your opening comments that you would never send our men and women into harm's way without the necessary readiness, the necessary equipment, and the necessary doctrine. I think you would also agree that we shouldn't send them in harm's way without the necessary strategy.    I am having a difficult time in light of the 6 months during which we have been at war in Iraq and Syria against ISIS and in light of the President's authorization for the use of military force, or AUMF, that is now before this Congress for consideration.    I am having a very hard time understanding what the strategy is, and I want to make sure that--as my colleagues have said, that we fund our military well beyond the budget caps and sequester levels--I agree with them there--but I think, perhaps more importantly, that we have the necessary strategy in place so that their efforts, those men and women serving this country and our interests overseas are not in vain.    Could you answer the strategy question for me?    Mr. O'Rourke . To interrupt there, we will just take the Iraqi portion of this.    From my understanding, based on the testimony from the excellent series of hearings that the chairman has brought before us, our strategy there largely relies on training, equipping, and advising the Iraqi national army. We have spent tens of billions of dollars doing just that from 2003 to 2010 to awful effect. The army melted in the face of a far inferior enemy.    What is different about our strategy today that is going to ensure its success?    Mr. O'Rourke. Mr. Secretary, with all due respect, the strategy insofar as we understand it today, I think, is insufficient to achieving the President's aims of degrading and destroying ISIS, to your aims of ensuring a lasting defeat of ISIS. I think if we are honest with ourselves and the American public and the service members who will act out the policies of this country, if we are going to achieve those aims, we are going to need U.S. ground forces in Iraq and Syria.    We cannot depend on a Syrian moderate opposition force. We cannot depend on the political whims of the different sectarian factions in Iraq. We should not depend on Iranian-backed Shia militias in that country as well.    If we are going to do this, let's be honest about what it is going to take to do it.    And with today's topic of the budget in mind, do we have the resources necessary in the President's request to support ground forces to achieve our tactical and strategic goals in Syria and Iraq vis-a-vis ISIS?    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you both.    The Chairman. Mr. Rogers.