    Ms. Steele. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Gabbard, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify on USAID's role in addressing the drivers of violent extremism in Southeast Asia.    Around the world, violent conflict, fragility and violent extremism pose significant threats to regional and global security. The costs of conflict in a developmental, economic and human sense are extraordinary. By neglecting the factors that drive conflict, we ignore the plight of 1\1/2\ billion people living in conflict and fragility around the world.    Knowing that violent extremists can exploit conditions of conflict and fragility, the United States Government has integrated the prevention and mitigation of conflict and the promotion of resilient, democratic societies as a key part of its defense, diplomacy and development efforts. Through this approach, and in coordination with our host countries and other donors, we help ensure progress in a broad range of priorities, including eradicating extreme poverty, while advancing the U.S.'s own security and prosperity.    At USAID, we focus on addressing the underlying socio-economic drivers of violent conflict, fragility, and violent extremism. Our multi-faceted approach considers host country commitment and capacity, builds local systems and local capacity to address the causes of violent extremism and conflict and includes women as partners in preventing conflict and building peace. Through analysis and monitoring, we ensure that our programs are effectively addressing the drivers of conflict in each unique country setting.    In the Asia-Pacific, we continue to see rapid economic growth lifting millions of people out of poverty. At the same time, growing inequality, weak governance--including corruption, social marginalization and violations of human rights are resulting in unequal access to justice and social services, particularly for members of marginalized populations. All of these issues can be drivers of instability and contribute to radicalization to violence.    USAID's work to advance democracy and promote human rights and good governance, helps to address these destabilizing factors. We encourage governments to provide all of their citizens with the space to engage in political processes, and we support civil society in voicing citizens' concerns. We work to strengthen the rule of law and government accountability in order to reduce corruption and impunity. We also build capacity for local governments to deliver health and education services. The lack of such services can create opportunities for service provision by extremist groups.    We also know that violent extremism respects no boundaries nor is it limited to any specific ideology. In countries like Burma and Sri Lanka, Muslims are also victims of violent extremism. In both countries, we are promoting tolerance and countering violence against minority, ethnic, and religious groups by encouraging the development of a balanced media and building civil society support for tolerant and inclusive speech.    Next, I will provide overviews of the three Southeast Asian countries where USAID is addressing drivers of conflict and violent extremism.    In Indonesia, impressive democratic and economic progress remains challenged by fragile institutions, corruption, and--as we saw with Jakarta's January terrorist attack--the threat of terrorism. Informed by our assessment of the drivers of violent extremism, USAID is providing access to justice and social services for the poor and most vulnerable, helping combat corruption and developing the capacity of civil society and the government to address the grievances of members of marginalized populations. We are, in addition, fostering pluralism and tolerance in Indonesia.    In the Philippines, despite significant economic and development gains, a resilient democracy and a strong civil society, the country continues to grapple with recurring insurgencies, politically motivated violence and some remaining terrorist organizations. Weak governance, including corruption, and high levels of marginalization and fragmentation have made the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao particularly vulnerable.    In line with recent assessments, USAID focuses on improving local governments' ability to deliver social services in order to improve their legitimacy. We also focus on fostering greater transparency and accountability in government operations, and on fostering stronger civic engagement among local communities. We are helping 20,000 out-of-school youth to engage productively in civic and economic activities.    And finally, in southern Thailand, home to one of the most violent conflicts in the Asia-Pacific region, USAID is working to increase trust and common understanding among conflicting communities and in fostering religious tolerance.    Mr. Chairman, by addressing these destabilizing factors, our development assistance is helping to lay the foundation for security and peace for all populations in the Asia-Pacific and also the United States.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify today and look forward to your counsel and your questions. Thank you very much.