    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And, Mr. Livingston, TSA cut its screening staff over the past couple of years anticipating that its pre-check program would help speed up the overall process, but not enough passengers have enrolled. News reports have indicated that morale inside of TSA is extremely low, which is likely a factor contributing to staffing shortages affecting TSA security.    Reports indicate that travelers are arriving at security checkpoints where not available queues are open for general screening. And I can attest to that going through St. Louis's airport. I am part of the pre-check program, but it is more often than not it is closed. And I am told by officers that they don't have enough people to staff it.    Is there a long-term strategy to fix the morale issue and the employment issue? I know there is--go ahead.    Mr. Clay. No, no, no. Here is the point is that the excuse I get ----    Mr. Clay. Well ----    Mr. Clay. Mr. Rhoades, I have a question for you.    Mr. Clay. I am kind of concerned about this article I am reading about a Mohamed Farah from Minneapolis. Are you familiar with him?    Mr. Clay. And he is an imam and part of an influential Somali group. You know, here is what he says. There is an ongoing pattern of racial profiling and harassment by TSA agents at the Twin Cities airport. He said recently he was asked by an agent who says, ``Hey, were you going to make a run for it if I hadn't given your ticket back?'' And the only response he has gotten from TSA and the Congressman from that area, Mr. Ellison, is that they take these complaints seriously.    Well, I think it is a little bit more than that. He has also been given a TSA control number from the agency's redress program, and he said it doesn't help either. So what we can do for Mr. Farah that would change the conditions that he experiences every time he goes through your airport?    Mr. Clay. Well, how are you going to change Mr. Farah's experience when he encounters your agents, your officers?    Mr. Clay. Have you disciplined the officers that he has encountered?    Mr. Clay. Your camera footage can identify--you have identified these officers?    Mr. Clay. This is totally unacceptable.    Mr. Clay. No, no, I am just reading it today and realizing this guy is being mistreated here.    Mr. Clay. Sure, I certainly would.    Mr. Clay. Thank you. I'm sorry ----