    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, thank you very much.    General Lynch, thank you so very much for your service. And might I as well thank your staff, who have always been responsive to me in particular and to the Members of this Committee as we've tried to work toward justice for the people of the United States.    A moment, I just want to as I begin my questioning say to you I apologize, there are going to be pointed questions, that if I can get yes and no, we'll work on it, it would be helpful so that I can get through them. As I do so, let me offer to the people of France again our deepest sympathy.    This Committee in particular is well aware of the impact of terrorism. Our Subcommittee on Crime is a Subcommittee that is Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations. And so I offer it to the people of France, and certainly we stand united with them as the Justice Department through the President of the United States have been already working.    To that point I have a headline that says, ``U.S. Justice Department working with French authorities after attacks,'' which is a good thing, and I say that because there has been a massive race by various States to make pronouncements of blocking Syrian refugees, people seeking asylum. And I understand the fear. I hope we do not operate under fear.    So my question is, is your confidence in procedures. And I would suggest that there be an interagency task force, as I hope that we will have a task force either out of this Committee, the Judiciary Committee, on Paris, or either, I know that there is one recommended by the majority, but that we will have one that is bipartisan on this issue to be helpful to the Administration.    Do you feel confident in our processes as a partner to this process of being able to discern who amongst those suffering people would be a bad guy? I understand we're doing 10,000, I think that's the number the President has offered. Do you perceive your processes to be assured and sure?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman. And I do look forward to continuing this dialogue with you on this important point.    We do have robust screening measures in place. They include not just databases, but also individual interviews, biometric data. We gather all relevant information about refugees from all countries, because our first goal is the protection and safety of the American people, as well as carrying out the compassionate nature also of the American people.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you feel comfortable if a terminology was used that you would certify that you could be confident on those that you processed, that you had used every measure to certify their nonintent to do harm in this country?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly we would use every measure, as we always do, to ensure that those who were allowed into the country would not pose a threat to the American citizens.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I look forward to working with you. Let me move on to law enforcement and emphasize that obviously they become more important in these times, and we thank them for their service. But we also know, and I think your testimony earlier said that we are better when they are better.    What is your thought? We introduced the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act which includes a provision on data collection, but it also includes provisions on accreditation that the National Association of Police Chiefs has always supported.    What do you think the importance of having departments subject themselves for accreditation, determining best practices, and helping them as well as the American public?    Attorney General Lynch. Congresswoman, in my discussions with law enforcement across the country I have found them eager for assistance in sharing best practices. I have also found them eager for recognition of their professionalism, and accreditation is one way to do that. I think there are a number of ways to do that. Certainly we in the Department are working with a number of the police organizations to try and develop consistent and national standards on data collection, and we rely heavily on their expertise for guiding those standards. And we would look to start with that same process with regard to any move toward accreditation also.    I have found that law enforcement, frankly, is focused on professionalism and focused on spreading those best practices as best they can.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me do this so that my Chairman will not gavel me. Let me quickly raise three points, sentencing reform and the value of reducing mass incarceration, legislation that will reduce the treatment of juveniles and put it in a positive. I'd like you just to make overall comment on that.    And then the idea of no fly for foreign terrorists, meaning those who've gone to the fight, being particularly discerned before coming back into the United States. If I could get that.    And then let me close on these three points if I could, please, which are very important. I know that I'm leaving out some important points that I wanted to make.    The voting rights, you already had a question on that, but isn't it more efficient on a preclearance approach such that it had might be more helpful for us to reinstate that preclearance because it would be more efficient? And I'm going to give you these. Three cases, if I could meet with your staff on them, are really a blatant miscarriage of justice. The Sandra Bland case, we have not had a response from the Justice Department. The case of Robbie Tolan that went all the way up to the Supreme Court and indicated he had been mistreated. He lived and was shot by an officer on his driveway. And then a nonviolent person that is in the State prison of Texas with a life sentence for a nonviolent drug offense, first offense. It is almost unbelievable.    So I would like you to answer just the questions that I just gave you and these ones about the cases I would like to meet as soon as possible with your staff on these issues.    Attorney General Lynch. I look forward to continuing to work with you on those important issues.    Certainly with respect to voting rights, the preclearance remedy was one that we found to be not just effective, but efficient, and we felt that it was a way in which way to engage with jurisdictions as they contemplated changes to their laws and prevent them from going down a road that would have disenfranchised their citizens.    Certainly, we felt that it was efficient and much less costly than litigation. It is an important part of the Voting Rights Act, and we certainly support the efforts to restore the preclearance remedy to the Voting Rights Act.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I said juvenile justice, clemency, and--juvenile justice--I'm sorry, juvenile justice--I had asked you to do juvenile justice, prison reform, and the sentencing reform, reducing mass incarceration, the value of that.    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly. With respect to----    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the Chairman for his indulgence.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    With respect to sentencing reform, we feel it is a vital measure that recognizes that while we put measures in place several years ago designed to protect the American people, as we look back on those measures we see the collateral consequences that it did not just to citizens but to communities. And we also are able to evaluate with the passage of time whether or not those lengthy sentences were the most effective way to deal with the offenders that they tended to sweep up.    So certainly as a part of an overall review of our criminal justice system to make sure it is always as efficient and fair as possible, sentencing reform has an important role to play in that, and the Department is supportive of not just this Committee's efforts, but Congress' efforts in that regard.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And we'll look forward to meeting with your staff, hopefully this week, about these cases that I mentioned, including Sharanda Jones.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.