    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And I just want to thank the Chair for holding this hearing and to all of you for taking the time to be here with us today. Mr. Ceresney, do you dispute the continued availability of preservation orders and court interference to enforce administrative subpoenas of targets of SEC investigations should the Email Privacy Act pass?    Ms. DelBene. Do you think if the Email Privacy Act passes, do you think that you're going to continue to have the availability of preservation orders and court interference to enforce administrative subpoenas?    Ms. DelBene. So you've argued in your testimony that one problem with the Email Privacy Act would be that it leads targets of investigations to delete emails, thereby destroying evidence. So are you telling this Committee that the Email Privacy Act would be to blame if you don't take the commonsense step of issuing a preservation order on an ISP from day one of an investigation. Is there any reason whatsoever that you wouldn't take that step, that very simple step, which can be done directly by the SEC without a judge's involvement?    Ms. DelBene. So your comment that this would lead people to delete emails doesn't really hold water. If you have a preservation order, the information is going to be saved there.    Ms. DelBene. If you have a preservation order, then the ISP is going to preserve that information.    Ms. DelBene. I don't know about you, but I use email to keep in touch with my family, my husband, my friends back home in Washington State, all across the country. And I'm sure pretty much everyone in this room and this building would tell a similar story. As email has gone mobile, it's virtually indistinguishable from a phone call or a text message and, no doubt, contains very important details of people's personal lives and stored in the cloud by companies like Mr. Salgado's, and we would all hope to be kept safe from intruders or prying eyes.    I find it highly disturbing in your testimony today that seems to suggest that the SEC views email service providers more like a witness or an informant that you would be able to tap directly for information as opposed to the digital home of intimate communications. So let me ask you this: If the SEC wants a box of documents sitting in a target's home, can you use an administrative subpoena to bring a locksmith to their home to open the door, walk in, and take documents?    Ms. DelBene. Then please explain to us why you think we should give you the ability to do exactly that with a digital equivalent. How that could possibly comport with simple expectations of privacy and due process and without a shred of meaningful evidence from you so far or anyone else that the lack of this authority will have any impact on your ability to carry out investigations whatsoever?    Ms. DelBene. I want to get your view, Mr. Calabrese, on this in terms of the role of that third-party provider being the home of people's personal communications.    Ms. DelBene. And, Mr. Ceresney, if you give me just a couple more seconds, Mr. Chair, you talked about cases. Can you give me the specific names of those cases?    Ms. DelBene. And I think we've already discussed that right now. Post-Warshak, you have never used that authority. So my time has expired. And I just want to yield back.