    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you. And, General Campbell, thank you and your staff for being here today.    And I am going to take a little different approach. I looked at your narrative and the comment by Senator Levin, who is now retired, and says, ``I just cite these public opinion polls--Americans, 65 or 70 percent think we haven't achieved anything.'' And then he is critical of the people that don't think we have achieved anything by saying at the end of it, ``And the people who are 7,000 miles away think we haven't?''    You know, well, I would say to the Senator, it is those people back home that are paying the bills. They need to get something out of the tax dollars that they are paying.    When we went into Afghanistan in 2001 the debt of our Nation was $5.95 trillion. Today it is over $18 trillion in debt. And you know from your brothers and sisters in the military what we are faced with with budgets.    All right. Then I read in a blog from yesterday by Jason Ditz--D-I-T-Z--between casualties and desertion, Afghan military is shrinking fast. ``The desertion problem is a longstanding one, with many Afghans signing up for the military, sticking around long enough to get their first paycheck, then bailing, and often taking their weapons with them as a sort of severance package.''    Then in The Guardian yesterday, ``Afghan Officials Sanction Murder, Torture, Rape, Says Report.'' Now, I realize that this is from Human Rights Watch, and we can have our views on that, whether it is a liberal group or a conservative group or whatever. That is fair. But they still write this, and apparently there has been no dispute.    And I will read just one paragraph: ``The report focuses on eight commanders and officials across Afghanistan, some of them counted among the country's most powerful men, and key allies for foreign troops. Some are accused of personally inflicting violence, others of having responsibility for militias or government forces that commit the crimes.''    I know some good things are happening. I don't question that at all. But where--Afghanistan has been proving in history it is the Wild West.    What my concern is that we have got 9 more years of a financial commitment and a military commitment, which might be limited in numbers but they are still young men and women over there walking the roads to be shot at and have their legs blown off. I just wondered, because we in Congress are going to be grappling with sequestration this year.    The chairman and ranking member, who are doing a great job, are very concerned about the military budget, and I think all of us here are, as well. I know I am. I have Camp Lejeune down in my district and Cherry Point Marine Air Station.    But I get to a point that I just wonder--not talking about you, sir; you are an outstanding, great military person--but will there ever be anyone in the diplomatic corps or the military that say, ``You know, we have done about all we can do?'' Some things are impossible.    Yes, some people will benefit, but when I read reports like this, whether they be from the left or the right--Pat Buchanan is one of my biggest heroes. Ron Paul is one of my dearest friends. And I continue to see 9 more years of spending money that we don't have so we can decrease the number in our military.    It doesn't make any sense. I know you don't make the policy decisions. I understand that.    But will there ever be someone who follows behind you and follows behind me that will be honest to the Congress and the American people who have to pay the bill that we have done about as much as we can do?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question.    Sir, I would answer like this: Again, you know, quite frankly, this is the world we live in, not maybe the world we want. And I think the complexity of the world we live in is a generational piece that is going to go on long after you and I are out of here, and we need to understand that and look at it as a generational issue and put strategies and policies in place that will get at this long-term.    So it is not going to change overnight, and I think we just have to change our mindset on where we are at. And I think the American people are well served by the great men and women who continue to raise their right hand and serve, knowing that they can go into harm's way, knowing that despite trying to do something bigger than themselves, that they are going to face going into a service that is going to have budget issues that is going to take away.    And so I think this is a long-term issue we have to get at.    But what I am pleased about is that, you know, you mentioned all those different reports there, and there are challenges, not only in Afghanistan but many places in the world. I do see Afghanistan as a place, because of the significant investment in lives and in financial that we have provided to them, that this can be the bright spot, that this is, for lack of a better term, a strategic win that will carry on in this part of the world that is a very complex, dangerous part.    And for very little continued investment, we can make this the shining light of Central Asia and that part of the world. And I think, you know, we have got to start someplace, and Afghanistan is the good news story among all these other bad things that are coming out.    And for every bad news report you just mentioned there, sir, there are probably 9 or 10 good news that do not get out because, as you know, good news doesn't sell. What I have had to do is take--I give President Ghani a good news story storyboard that I collect each week.    I have my commanders provide me a good news storyboard that talks about the good things that Afghans are doing in different areas, and when I meet with him I say, ``Mr. President, Dr. Abdullah, here are some good news stories. You are not hearing about it in the news but you need to know this is happening.''    And I give them 10 or 15 PowerPoint slides with pictures showing good news story in Afghanistan, and that word just doesn't get out because it doesn't sell. But believe me, sir, for every VBIED , suicide vest that went off in Kabul, there are 9 or 10 that are stopped.    And so there is good news out there.    The Chairman. Gentlelady from Guam, Ms. Bordallo.