    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber, for holding this hearing today, and thank you, Chairman Burns, for testifying this morning.    The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has a vital role to play in ensuring the health and safety of the American people. The importance of this role in protecting health and the environment cannot be overstated.    I look forward to learning more this morning about how the NRC is applying lessons learned during the Fukushima disaster in 2011, and lessons learned during the premature degradation of parts of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in 2012, as well as similar incidents and accidents around the world.    Today we'll discuss new, advanced nuclear technologies that address the safety, waste, and cost issues associated with previous generations of nuclear power plants. Given that the bulk of NRC's expertise and resources are focused on licensing, and ensuring the safety of, current light-water reactors, the path for developing, commercializing, and licensing newer technologies is less clear. Should a breakthrough in nuclear fusion be achieved in the next decade, the path toward licensing a fusion reactor is to be determined. I look forward to working with you, Chairman Burns, to address these issues as they arise.    New technologies have a potential to change the world's energy landscape radically. They have the potential to meet our energy needs while significantly reducing the threat of climate disruption. We must give these new energy options the chance to prove themselves while also ensuring that they are not compromising our health or our safety in any way.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you.    At two recent hearings held by this Subcommittee, witnesses testified that the NRC's standard process for licensing a new commercial-scale nuclear reactor would be too costly and time-consuming for early-stage pre-commercial demonstrations of advanced reactor concepts to move forward. So let's start with the threshold question, which is whether those processes actually would apply in that situation.    Mr. Grayson. Well, the criticism specifically was that the process would be too costly and time-consuming for these advanced reactor concepts even to move forward. Do you regard that as a criticism that's well taken or far-fetched?    Mr. Grayson. All right. So you addressed the cost element. Let's talk about the time element. These are capital-intensive projects. The money is borrowed in advance before any electricity or power is generated. There are interest payments in the meantime. What kind of time commitment are people looking at when they go ahead and seek a license like this?    Mr. Grayson. Do you see any possibility of dramatically reducing either the cost or the time involved?    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield.