    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, good to have you this morning. Thanks for your testimony.    I noted the very interesting dialogue that you have had this morning with members about how to collect the taxes that are due and owed, and how complex that is, and how challenging that is. Certainly Chairman Rogers made very clear his frustration that we all have with customer service and challenges that I think you recognize are a problem well and you have stated you are working on.    You made a statement that really resonated with me, which was you said we will never win this battle, that it is sort of a never-ending problem, and you just have to do as good as you can.    And I think the reason we are having this problem and why we will never win this battle is because we are looking at it the wrong way. You are looking at it, and this committee looks at it, from a revenue solution answer, and I think the problem is within the Tax Code itself and the tax system we have set up in America.    With 70,000 pages, the complexities that exist, Americans are frustrated with the Tax Code. There are people that don't pay their taxes, that find loopholes. And most Americans want to see a Tax Code that is flatter and fairer, in both political parties.    Maybe one of the things that unifies the country is that they want to see what happens if the IRS changes. And I think that makes your job very difficult. And I don't think there is enough money we can throw at the problem. The problem is changing the way we do business at the IRS, changing our Tax Code.    And I note that you spend $11 billion. You would like a billion dollars more. I am sure you would be willing to spend even more than that, if we would give it to you, because you would try to use it to collect more taxes.    Americans spend more than that. I mean, by some estimates they spend $37 billion annually complying with the Tax Code. So you are spending $11 billion and Americans are spending 3.24 billion hours complying, and that adds up to 369,000 years annually. And just think about a country when we are trying to create jobs, we are trying to create opportunity, that would not be the country that our Founders designed that they would expect that this is where we would be.    And if you look at the changes we have made to the Tax Code with ObamaCare additions and the various laws that get passed in this country every year, that has added up to a point where you have got a J curve in terms of just dramatic increase in responsibilities we have placed on you to the point where your point is we will never win this battle. And I think it is precisely because we are going about the battle the wrong way.    If we had a simpler and fairer Tax Code, you would get higher compliance rates, people would know where their tax revenue is going, and they ultimately would be more willing to comply themselves, and your collection efforts would be less costly.    So that brings me to some of the things we can do immediately that might help bring about some of those changes. One of the things my constituents hate more than anything is fraud, waste, and abuse in government. Nobody likes that.    And I bring our attention back to the earned income tax credit issue that we have discussed before. And I would highlight again for the committee the roughly 25 percent error rate, which is astounding. I don't know that there are very many government programs that have that high of a fraud or error rate, to the tune of maybe $15 billion to $20 billion annually. We spend $30 billion researching cures at the NIH, every disease known to man, we are spending $30 billion, and we are wasting $15 billion to $20 billion on paying earned income tax credits to people that don't deserve them.    So it is particularly concerning. And I would just like to ask, I guess, where we are on that issue, what progress we are making, and in particular, what solutions Congress can bring or you can bring towards resolving this? Can you highlight any disparities, in particular, of improper payments made by self-preparers versus third-party providers? And do you believe that you need additional authority granted by Congress to impose due diligence penalties on self-preparers in addition to enforcement and audit powers that you have now?    Mr. Yoder. Fair enough.    Mr. Yoder. Thanks, Commissioner.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Donovan, welcome to the committee.    Mr. Yoder. I understand. I understand, Director. I just have a little bit of time here, and so I have some specific questions that I just want to get to the heart of it. And we are going to get into a debate about semantics. And what I want----    Mr. Yoder. But I want to know, when can we tell our children that the American Government will run in the black based upon the President's budget submission? It is a pretty simple question, and you are a very smart man. I know you know the answer to this. What is that date?    Mr. Yoder. Well, let's get to that question.    Mr. Yoder. Sure.    Mr. Yoder. I am probably going to agree with you on a lot of the root causes, Director.    Mr. Yoder. So my child asks me when is the budget going to balance and I say what?    Mr. Yoder. So I wouldn't tell her--I would not tell her--what is the answer to the question, Director? When does the budget--when does America run a budget in the black?    Mr. Yoder. I know, but when is your projection? Give me a date. When will the American budget be in the black again?    Mr. Yoder. Based upon the President's budget request, which lays out all of his requests--this is his vision for the future, it is your vision for the future. On what date certain can we tell the American people, if we adopt your policies wholeheartedly, the $3.5 trillion in tax increases, if we adopt all of that--because you have already asked for trillions in new taxes--if we adopt it as is----    Mr. Yoder . When do we go in the black?    Mr. Yoder. Mr. Chairman, I will submit to the Director, who I have a lot of respect for, this is why people get frustrated with Washington, because we can't ever get straight answers to straight questions.    I have other questions on here in terms of Medicare. You mentioned that. When are IPAB cuts going to start with Medicare?    Mr. Yoder. Because the CMS says next year. Is that still your position, that the way to fix retirement benefits through ObamaCare that you are talking about so much as the key to these healthcare situations, that--what is the date certain when I can tell my 104-year-old grandmother that her Medicare benefits would be cut under the IPAB?    Mr. Yoder. When will the government, when will CMS make recommendations? And how much will they be----    Mr. Yoder . Regarding how much of Medicare----    Mr. Yoder. OK.    Mr. Yoder. Mr. Chairman, I will just conclude by saying this is why I think Americans are frustrated that we can't get straight answers to these questions.    We are not making the kind of progress we need to make. We are leaving a legacy of debt and despair for the next generation. Director Donovan knows it; the President knows it. And they are shutting down and going to be gone in a year, and we are going to be here left with fixing the situation. And our kids and grandkids, ultimately, after Director Donovan is gone and I am gone, we both know they are going to be left picking up this leftover expense.    And it is embarrassing, and we ought to work at it to seriously fix it and not get into a semantical debate about shaving off, of increases, and we were going to build something and we didn't build it so we are going to count that as a cut. It is a lot of Washington talk, and we all know how this works.    The reality is the debt is growing to an unsustainable level, and we are going to saddle our kids and grandkids with it. And I just hope and pray that this administration--the President has political capital left--that maybe he will come to the table and we can actually work together so we can answer that question: This is the date certain we will go in the black, and this is when we will actually solve this problem. And until then, we are going to have these conversations that ultimately get us nowhere.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Director, three quick topics, see what we can do here in 5 minutes.    The first one deals with the gas tax, increase in the President's budget. The President told students in Georgetown University in 2011 that rising prices at the pump affect everybody, workers, farmers, truck drivers, restaurant owners, students who are lucky enough to have a car. The President himself said a $10 rise in oil prices translated to a 25 percent rise in gasoline prices.    Given the challenges that working people face already and the expense that they have from their Federal Government, I believe there is this challenge with trickle-down government, where all these taxes and regulations ultimately hit working people in my district the hardest, the folks at the poverty line, the people struggling to get by, and the Clean Power Plan is one of them.    In terms of this gas tax increase, explain to me why, given the challenges hard-working Americans are facing, why the President chose this time to put a gas tax burden on Americans.    Mr. Yoder. Fair enough.    Mr. Yoder. In 2008, Joshua Bolten, chief of staff to then President George Bush, issued a memorandum on May 9 to the heads of executive departments and agencies, as well as the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, to encourage them to resist the historical tendency of administrations to increase regulatory activity in their final months. Later, Bolten noted ``that we did not intentionally jam or burden our successors.''    My question for you is, does the White House intend to issue such a similar memo along the lines taken by the chief of staff to George Bush in 2008. And at that point, of course, he didn't know if the next President was going to be a Democrat or Republican. They just said let's not jam everyone up with tons of regulations. What is your position? What is the administration's position on that?    Mr. Yoder. Great. Appreciate that, continuing that tradition.    Finally, I will ask you about the deeming rule. I know that is something that is under consideration at the OMB. FDA submitted the final set of regulations to OMB. OMB has a 90-day period to review and it can extend for another 30 days. We have currently passed that 120-day mark. So I want to ask you about that.    And then I wonder if you have taken into account the regulatory burden in terms of the expense of implementing all of that when you have tens of thousands of cigars and vapor products, and not just brand name products, but each different variation in flavor and size and consent.    And I guess, so, one, can you clarify where we are in the process? We are past the 180-day review. When do you think you will actually have a result on that?    And then wouldn't it be less costly and easier to implement and ultimately be, I think, more effective for the FDA to move a date forward for the newly deemed products and specifically set standards for vapor products? Because every single one of them have been made after the deeming date that FDA came up with. So it seems like we are putting an unfair burden on my constituents who utilize those products and maybe overwhelming for the FDA.    Mr. Yoder. All right. Well, as you are engaging in the review, those would be thoughts that you might want to take into consideration. I know you have had plenty of comments, and the FDA has as well, and I am assuming those are the types of things you are wrestling with.    Mr. Yoder. We appreciate your thoughts on that. Thank you.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Chair, good to see you again. Thanks for your service. There is a pending rule before the Commission that would increase the number of firms that have to register with FINRA. I am hearing from market participants that the rule, as drafted, while well-intentioned, is overly broad. It would require some firms to register with FINRA with little regulatory benefit that could be achieved otherwise. I know you are studying that.    As you know, this committee is responsible for oversight of your budget, which is why we are here today, of course. But it got me thinking, who is responsible for oversight of the FINRA budget? The rulemaking, by definition, will increase their budget, increase their oversight. How can this committee be sure that they are using the resources effectively, efficiently, and not creating undue burdens on certain parts of the market?    Mr. Yoder. 15b9, yes.    Mr. Yoder. And in terms of those dollars, you feel like the oversight that you are in charge of, that you can appropriately know that their budget grows, that we have, I guess, the understanding that that is being handled appropriately? How can we, as a Congress, do our oversight duty and trusting in your leadership, of course, but----    Mr. Yoder. Well, I appreciate that. And I appreciate your studying the 15b9 rule and making sure you are finding that right balance and not over-regulating to where we do not actually receive the benefit, but cost folks that do not need to be registered and would do probably more harm than good. So, I appreciate your leadership there.    I want to ask you about the 30e-3 rule on printing. It sounds like the structure of the rule is getting a bit complicated. And I know that you have been studying this for some time, too. The process is pretty simple today. There are some concerns, I hear, from market participants, that replacing it with a series of steps might actually make it more complicated. And now even supporters of the rule are concerned about that as well. Where are you in that rulemaking process? And does it make more sense just to step back and start over rather than pushing the rule as it is now, in terms of the complication?    Mr. Yoder. OK. And then the ranking member brought up the topic of cyber security. And I wanted to associate myself with her remarks and then I wanted to just talk about your internal control.    So, certainly one thing is external threats. You know, I had a chance to deal--your counterpart with the CFTC was in the Ag Committee recently, which I serve on as well. And we talked about the Reg T rules. And there are concerns that I have heard from market participants that they might put their source code in the hands of CFTC, and nefarious actors, either within or without, could somehow release that. And that is sort of their secret sauce, so to speak.    You know, in light of the potential harm for data being released, internally, what are your internal controls that would help assure the committee that any of that sensitive data that might get into the hands of the SEC would not be released or somehow not be compromised?    Mr. Yoder. I appreciate your leadership there, and I think, you know, the SEC, as well as the CFTC, they ultimately cross paths with a lot of sensitive information that could compromise, you know, entities that they regulate. And so, the importance that you place on that, I think, is critical to, you know, maintaining that information. So, I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, welcome to the committee. I appreciate your testimony. I certainly appreciated the dialogue you were having with the chairman regarding SIFIs, in particular, mutual funds. And I think the point that, you know, I would like to associate myself with comments the chairman made and just add to that. You know you hold, Mr. Secretary, and you know, government regulators hold the power.    Over 90 million Americans have funds invested in mutual funds. If you have got a pension or a 401(k), this could affect you, and it is a pretty significant impact on a lot of folks' retirements. Wall Street Journal wrote last year that it could have a 25 percent reduction of your ultimate retirement benefits. I mean, that is huge, to knock down someone's retirement benefits by 25 percent. And you also end up making those mutual funds, which many of us believe aren't banks and aren't going to cause a meltdown, you make them now back up other SIFIs that might actually cause a problem. Now those mutual funds are potentially at risk.    So I think one could argue, Mr. Secretary, that you could actually make our constituents' retirement accounts more at risk, not only less, and so I just want to reiterate that.    Mr. Yoder. Yeah, please.    Mr. Yoder. Real quickly.    Mr. Yoder. And I think that is a very appropriate question to ask, and I think many, Wall Street Journal and others, have analyzed that and said the answer is no, and that actually by burdening 90 million Americans with these new regulations, and capital requirements, potentially, you actually lessen their retirement outcomes. Right, so that is a cost that they are going to bear if you go forward because----    Mr. Yoder. Well, but--    Secretary Lew Retirement accounts.    Mr. Yoder. Right, but----    Mr. Yoder. But punishing people----    Mr. Yoder. But punishing people that weren't part of it, you know, our----    Mr. Yoder. Well, it would be----    Mr. Yoder. Well, if you punish my constituents by making them have to back up other risky transactions, and their transactions aren't risky, you put them in that same pool, now 90 million Americans, their retirement accounts are at risk because they are backing up other SIFIs, number one, and number two, the capital requirements then, according to the Wall Street Journal, could reduce their net retirement benefits by 25 percent, so we can agree to disagree, but I want----    Mr. Yoder. I understand. I understand.    Mr. Yoder. Too many other things to make sure you are taking in consideration.    Mr. Yoder. OK. Mr. Secretary, it is my understanding the Treasury Department has failed to comply with the House Financial Services Committee's May 11, 2015, subpoena for records pertaining to the administration's debt ceiling contingency plan, which records were first requested in December 2013, and the House Financial Services' Too Big to Fail investigation first requested in June 2013.    It is my understanding the Treasury Department has also failed to comply with several of the Financial Services Committee's information requests, including those pertaining to FSOC designation processes.    Is the Treasury Department withholding subpoenaed and requested records from the Financial Services Committee?    Mr. Yoder. So Mr. Secretary, you have not denied that you are withholding documents, and so will you----    Mr. Yoder. Will you commit to our committee, to this Financial Services Committee today to promptly producing all the subpoenaed requested records?    Mr. Yoder. So you won't commit to producing all the documents?    Mr. Yoder. Well, part of the requirement is that the committee's request require, either your counsel to either certify that you produced all the records located, or after conducting a search, reasonably calculated to locate all responsive records, have you and your counsel made the required certification?    Mr. Yoder. Do you as Secretary, do you intend to ever certify completion?    Mr. Yoder. That is a very direct question. Will you ever respond to the Financial Services Committee subpoena?    Mr. Yoder. I understand there is discussion. We are having a discussion right now.    Mr. Yoder. And I am asking you a direct question.    Mr. Yoder. Can you tell this committee will you comply?    Mr. Yoder. So you won't tell us whether you will comply.    Mr. Yoder. Even if you are not going to comply, you still certify--I mean, when does this end? When will you resolve this issue? I mean, this has been going on since 2015. Some of these requests are 2013.    It is very hard for the House and the administration to work together if we can't get cooperation in responding to congressional subpoenas.    Mr. Yoder. It is very frustrating to the process. It breaks down trust and the ability to do our jobs.    Mr. Yoder. Well, they are not hypotheticals. They are direct questions. I wish, on behalf of the Financial Services Committee and our efforts, to understand these issues, that you would comply with these subpoenas and do so in a timely fashion so we can do our job, and I appreciate your testimony. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, Treasury and other agencies recently put out a broad request for information on the changing structure of the market for U.S. Treasury securities. This comes on the heels of a joint report on the October 2014 flash rally and numerous public discussions on the changing profile of the market in terms of participants and overall structure.    Are the particular areas within the market where Treasury is particularly focused concerned that either new structures or new participants may be impacting the overall efficiency and liquidity of this important and unique market?    Mr. Yoder. I appreciate your answer.    I would be remiss if I didn't take a moment to talk about the budget a little bit. I know there has been extensive testimony and we have differences as parties about this, but numbers are numbers.    Do you know what the projected debt is under the current budget projections for the next decade, in additional debt?    Mr. Yoder. I respect that. I know. And we have a debate about what we have done.    Mr. Yoder. Yeah. I mean, just a basic, you are the Secretary of the Treasury, what is the projected debt over the next 10 years? I know you know this answer.    Mr. Yoder. You don't know the answer to that question?    Mr. Yoder. Come on.    Mr. Yoder. With all due respect, Mr. Secretary, I know that is the sort of company answer and I respect that that is what you have got to go with, but I just--I want to have a discussion.    Mr. Yoder. I want to have a discussion about where we are going, not a debate about the past.    Mr. Yoder. Our projection, I think your projection, since you are not coming forth with it, the debt is going to continue to grow. You agree with that, right?    Mr. Yoder. Would you say $7 or $8 trillion over the next decade?    Mr. Yoder. Fair discussion.    Mr. Yoder. Right. So do you know that answer?    Mr. Yoder. And I appreciate that you know the debt-to-GDP ratio, but you don't know the total debt number.    Going forward, I think we have concerns about the solvency of Medicare. Your own folks, the Medicare trustees, have concerns about the solvency of Medicare, and I know we are going to talk about how we have made it better, and we have in some regards.    Mr. Yoder. But we have more work to do.    Mr. Yoder. You know, 10,000 seniors retire every day. My grandmother is 104, right. We have longevity. These are great things.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you very much. I will pass that on to her. Thank you. One hundred five in June.    But the question, I guess, for you, I will just give you 30 seconds here, you oversaw a balanced budget in the 1990s, Republican House and Senate, Democratic President, you have bipartisan workings together on that. If you could balance this budget over the next 10 years, what would you recommend?    Mr. Yoder. I mean, over the next 10 years, over the future.    Mr. Yoder. Well, I think invariably this conversation, when we had the OMB Director in as well, turns to a discussion about what the administration has done. And I think Congress and the administration both have an obligation to engage in adult conversations, and you outlined the premise by which that would occur in terms of bipartisan discussions, protecting Medicare for seniors, reforming and flattening out this tax code. I mean, the principles are there.    And I just throw out for the sake of conversation, it is March, we have about a year. I would love to see the administration lead those efforts and see while you are Secretary and while we are here working under the current framework, why not try to address some of these long-term problems now. Because I think you agree that the longer we wait to address them, the harder they will be and the more difficult it will be for your successor and for ours. And so we just--I have got young girls, we all have children.    Mr. Yoder. Yeah. So I think you should be--I mean, I know you are as concerned about this as we are, and so I just offer that I am ready to engage, I think we are all ready to engage. We would love to.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.