    Mr. Duffy. Chair Yellen, you have testified today that you believe that there should be a level of transparency and oversight that comes from the Federal Reserve. And with Dodd-Frank, you have moved from monetary policy, and the last time you testified, it was almost a third mandate, the regulatory role now with the Fed.    Today, do you have a hard stop?    Mr. Duffy. 1 o'clock. I would agree it is 1 o'clock. You started testifying at 10:30, so you are going to testify for--started--questions began at 10:30, I would say. So we are going to hear from you and you are going to answer questions for 2\1/2\ hours twice a year probably, but now that you have a much larger role, don't you think that we should spend more time actually engaging in a conversation with you, not just on the monetary side, but also the regulatory side? It is going back to Mr. Huizenga's question saying maybe you should come in 4 times a year, or we should have a hearing where everyone in the committee gets to ask you questions, but because of the increased role that the Fed now plays, shouldn't we have increased oversight, which means longer hearings or more hearings?    Mr. Duffy. But you are more fun.    Mr. Duffy. So would you testify for--    Mr. Duffy. --longer periods of time or increased hearings, would you object to that or would you be okay with that?    Mr. Duffy. I will characterize that as a non-answer, but let's move on.    I know that the Fed has been concerned about the concern that we have had about it getting politicized, and Mr. Garrett asked you some questions on it, and I know you would be concerned because you are opposed to our efforts to audit the Fed, and you have been very resistant to that effort.    Mr. Garrett asked you about a speech that you gave 2 weeks before the election. Do you remember what that speech was about? Income inequality, right?    Mr. Duffy. Let me ask my question. I know you don't live in a closet. You are out there and amongst the people. Was there one party that was pushing the idea of income inequality over the other party in the last election? Was there?    Mr. Duffy. No, no, no, no, answer my question--    Mr. Duffy. --Chair Yellen.    Mr. Duffy. I agree, but was one party pushing that idea over the other party?    Mr. Duffy. That is not my question, Chair Yellen--    Mr. Duffy. You are a smart, smart Chair. Was one party pushing income inequality in the last election over the other party? Simple answer.    Mr. Duffy. You don't know    Mr. Duffy. Chair Yellen, I would--    Mr. Duffy. I would venture to guess, if I asked--    Mr. Duffy. Reclaiming my time, I would venture to guess, if I asked all of your staff behind you and everyone on either side of this aisle what party made income inequality a political issue, I think we would all get it right. But today you are not willing to tell us the answer to that very simple question, and you want to tell us that you are not getting involved in politics. But then again, 2 weeks before an election you are making political statements that are consistent with--    Mr. Duffy. --the Democratic Party.    Mr. Duffy. I would welcome that if you are talking about quantitative easing and how that has increased revenue at the top, or if you are talking about rules and regulations that keep the little guy from competing with the big guy. In Wisconsin, my biggest employers will tell me that if they were going to start their business that employs thousands of people today, they could never do it because there are too many rules and regulations. That they might not even get a bank to take a risk on them because of the pressure that they get from the regulators. This is tough stuff.    And so I hear you taking a Democrat line as opposed to, look what has happened in the last 6 years. It has gotten worse with liberal progressive policies. It hasn't gotten better, and maybe it is the liberal progressive policy that is the problem, not the answer. Maybe free markets and free enterprise are the answer to the problems of income equality.    Mr. Duffy. But you offered a political backup.    Mr. Duffy. I only have 20 seconds    Mr. Duffy. Have you heard of a program called Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Duffy. Have you heard of a program called Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Duffy. Do you know what it is?    Mr. Duffy. Has the Fed been involved in Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Duffy. Oh, I know, but--and also the FDIC, but are you telling me that the Fed has not been involved, whether it is called a different name, the program?    Mr. Duffy. Not to the best of your knowledge. Okay. Do you guys look at encouraging banks to de-risk or use reputational risk as you analyze banks and how they do business with their clients?    Mr. Duffy. Are you looking to de-risk?    Me. Yellen. --reputational risk--we tell them that they need to manage their risks. We never tell them--    Mr. Duffy. So you use up--    Mr. Duffy. I yield back.