    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Madam Chairman, and you are exactly right: Funding should have stopped the minute that unity government was formed. That is what the law says. I don't think the administration was faithful to that.    It is interesting, you have Hamas and Fatah, they are going to go and accuse Israel of war crimes, and yet they have been conducting terror attacks, suicide attacks, rocket attacks, using human shields. When Israel tries to defend itself, they have consistently violated international law. So it is a curious thing to do. I think the reason that they are doing it is because they see that Israel is under siege by hostile forces, now Hezbollah even more so. And I think this effort is designed to impose political costs on Israel for defending itself against attacks by a group that desire Israel's destruction.    And if you can launch attacks from Gaza, and then when Israel responds, the world blames Israel, then they may not be willing to respond as forcefully as they need to to defend their citizens. So we should call this gambit what it is, and we should respond with the power of the purse.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    The Hamas-Fatah, you have seen terror attacks, suicide attacks, rocket attacks, human shields, so they want to go to the ICC. Obviously, they are in a situation where they would be liable, and yet, Ms. Pletka, you said that it is not really going to be much of a double-edged sword. Can you elaborate on, you know, why would some Arabs want to go to these western institutions and think that that could give them an advantage, given that we could easily identify examples in which they would be liable?    Mr. DeSantis. And so I know the ICC is separate from the U.N., but if you look over the years at how the U.N. has ganged up on Israel, we could see that the ICC would likely be in a similar--they would probably have a similar perspective?    Mr. DeSantis. Yes, sir.    Mr. DeSantis. Your mike. Just put your mike on.    Mr. DeSantis. And this idea that--some would say it is a good sign they want to be held accountable. I know Secretary Kerry has pledged money. I know countries like Qatar have pledged a lot of money to<greek-l>, quote, deg. ``rebuild the Gaza strip.'' And I think a lot of people like me see the kind of rinse and repeat where Hamas will use that money to rebuild tunnels, acquire more rockets.    So is anyone on the panel, can you weigh in on, are we just repeating ourselves with that money going down there? Is there any evidence that that money is actually being used to rebuild it in a different way, or are we going to just see more tunnels and more rockets?    Mr. DeSantis. I am out of time, and I will yield back.