    Ms. Kuster. Good morning. I am pleased to be here today for the Subcommittee's first in-depth look at the implementation of the Agricultural Act of 2014's Title II conservation programs.    I want to thank Chairman Thompson and our Ranking Member, Ms. Lujan Grisham, for holding this important hearing and for their leadership on this Subcommittee. The 2014 Farm Bill made reforms to the conservation title in order to make conservation programs more efficient, effective, and user-friendly for producers. These programs serve as important tools that our farmers and ranchers use to improve water quality, mitigate drought, and improve soil health.    From New Mexico to New Hampshire, conservation programs like the Conservation Stewardship Program and the Environmental Quality Incentives Programs, EQIP, are helping farmers and ranchers endure drought conditions and allowing rural families to remain on their land and ranches. In fact, New Mexico is one of the leading states in CSP with close to 1 million acres enrolled and funded through this program. In addition to these traditional conservation programs, New Mexico has also benefited from the Regional Conservation Partnership Program, which is one of the new conservation programs the farm bill created.    The RCPP aims to encourage innovative partnerships through a Federal/non-Federal cost-share in order to accomplish important conservation work at a watershed level. New Mexico's four RCPP projects are going to help the state prevent wildfires, combat invasive species, and preserve traditional communal irrigation systems. I am disappointed that our conservation programs have endured some cuts that will ultimately mean fewer resources for farmers and ranchers. But I am looking forward to hearing how this Committee can continue to support these programs which are vital in protecting rangelands, wildlife habitat, and water quality.    I thank the witnesses for taking the time to be here with us today and share their testimony and expertise. And on behalf of Representative Lujan-Grisham, I want to extend a special welcome to Brent Van Dyke from New Mexico on the second panel. I look forward to the discussion. And with that, Mr. Chairman, we yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady. I am actually pleased to acknowledge the presence of our full Committee Chairman who I understand does not have an opening statement. But I want to wish him a very happy birthday today.