    Mr. Garfield. Chairman Ratcliffe, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly, Ranking Member Richmond, members of the committee, on behalf of 64 of the most dynamic and innovative companies in the world, some of whom are also at this table, we thank you for hosting this hearing, inviting us to testify, and for your bipartisan approach on this issue, including the letter that you sent at the end of last year. I've listened carefully to the testimony of the other folks on this panel, and rather than repeating what they've already said so eloquently, I'll try to focus in on some of the questions that were implicit in your testimony, including why is this important? What should we do about Wassenaar? Can we simply revise the rules? And what are our recommendations or next step?    As to the first, why is this important, our company, the companies that are members of ITI, are really the technology platform for the entire world. There is no sector or industry that's exempted from the implications of the Wassenaar Arrangement. Increasingly, cross-border data flows are the steam of the economic engine worldwide as well as innovation, the innovation ecosystem. The Wassenaar Arrangement impacts all businesses, whether they are technology-based or otherwise.    Can the defects in the rules be cured? Our recommendation and answer is no. In spite of the best intentions of the drafters, the fundamental flaws in the proposed rules emanate from the arrangement itself. And I'll point to three areas that are--that speak to that.    One, the presumptions, the problematic presumptions, around drawing lines between intrusion software, as well as drawing lines around IP network surveillance systems are found in the rules themselves, but are very much, in fact, grounded in the Wassenaar Arrangement as developed in 2013.    Secondly, the question that Chairman Hurd raised and Ranking Member Kelly alluded to around whether you can actually deal with the fast-paced world of cybersecurity in cross-border data flows through the lumbering world that is limited by borders in export controls, the answer is no.    Third, what is really needed here is a multinational approach, as a number of the members on this panel and the committee have noted, given the nature of our economy today, its heavy reliance on cross-border data flows, as well as the nature of cybersecurity that's been advanced by the work of this Congress through the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, as well as the Department of Commerce through NIST.    Increasingly, the way to deal with cybersecurity issues is on a multinational basis through the sharing of cyber threat information. The Wassenaar Arrangement stands in the way of that.    Relatedly, there are a number of nations that are a critical part of advancing cybersecurity that are not a part of the Wassenaar Arrangement, including Brazil, India, and China. So what do we do? Our recommendation is consistent with the private sector witnesses on this panel. Given that the root of the challenge is grounded in the 2013 developments in Wassenaar and the Wassenaar Arrangement, our recommendation is to go back to Wassenaar to cure those fatal defects. We say that not out of taking any pride in suggesting that the United States go back and renegotiate this agreement, but from our perspective, it's truly an opportunity to exercise leadership.    There are a number of countries that are struggling with dealing with these same issues, and the United States has an opportunity to provide global leadership in dealing with what are truly complex issues.    Secondly, it's important that whatever is done next is informed by experts, including many of those that are in this room, and some of who are not.    I thank the committee, again, for this opportunity to testify. And I look forward to your questions and to working with you towards a solution. Thank you.    Mr. Garfield. Thank you for listening so carefully. You've recounted my testimony more effectively than I did.    I think the thing you can do you are, in fact, doing. So the letter that was sent in December making sure that there's a recognition that this is not political, it's bipartisan, and it's critically important. I think the second thing is, in fact, Congress insisting on getting real answers on what's going to happen next. And so continuing your oversight, I think, is an important part of the role that you can play in this area.    You've done a lot through the bills that you've passed on cybersecurity, including the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, and we commend you for that.    Mr. Garfield. Absolutely.    Mr. Garfield. I'll be brief. It will impact significantly. And part of the frustration with the current course of the discussions is rather than recognizing that the issue at play here is not just the regulation of software, but the need for real-time reaction in response to cybersecurity, we're thinking about this as simply something we have faced before.    That's why we need to think beyond the box of export control and really start over.