    Ms. Lowey. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member McCollum. Secretary Jewell, thank you for joining us this afternoon and for your service to our country. I hope you had a happy birthday.    Many of America's natural wonders are a testament to our national heritage and symbols of the values upon which this great Nation was built. From the Statue of Liberty, to the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, and All-American Roads, these sites represent significant moments in American history and mark the incredible progress our Nation has made since its inception.    The Department of Interior is charged with the significant task of conserving and protecting these sites, but the Department of Interior does so much more. It is responsible for the wellbeing of Native Americans, protecting wildlife, managing energy production, and providing for the public use and enjoyment of nearly 618 million acres of Federal land.    To support this critical mission, the Administration is requesting $12.3 billion in discretionary funding. If enacted, this request would reverse some of the steep declines these programs have suffered as a result of sequestration. These declines led to a reduction in routine maintenance, aging, and understaffed park facilities and public lands at greater risk of fire because they have not been properly managed.    The President's Fiscal Year 2017 request also continues our commitment to our national parks and their centennial anniversary. These historic sites contribute billions of dollars to the U.S. economy every year, so it is critical that we maintain these parks and keep them safe and accessible for visitors.    I am also pleased the President's budget seeks to increase investment for Native Americans. The all of government approach to addressing Federal responsibilities and tribal needs in Indian Country is necessary to improve the quality of life for those who living on tribal lands.    Finally, I am especially pleased by the President's focus on advancing clean energy and taking much needed action on climate change. Through the President's Climate Action Plan, the Department of Interior will have funding to increase renewable energy resources and build community resiliency to help communities cope with the impacts of climate change we have already seen today.    In short, your budget invests in public safety and economic prosperity that will improve the wellbeing of all Americans today and in the future. And I hope this subcommittee works support these crucial initiatives.    I appreciate the commitment and the passion you bring to the job. I look forward to your testimony. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lowey. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you again for your important work.    I am extremely concerned about the use of body gripping traps within the national wildlife refuge system. One of the key problems with these traps is that they are non-selective, meaning they do not only catch the animals they are intended for and pose a great danger to individuals who may also be harmed by these traps. More than half of our Nation's 550 refuges allow trapping and the use of steel jaw leg hold traps despite the fact that this inhumane trap has been banned by more than 85 countries and 8 States. Body gripping traps are not necessary for the maintenance of wildlife refuges, especially since there are alternative and more humane ways to remove or relocate animals.    Two questions, because I have been hearing about this issue for a very, very long time. To what extent do you keep records of the types of traps set and what those traps catch within the National Wildlife Refuge System? Do you believe that the continued use of body gripping traps is conducive to the original purpose of the National Wildlife Refuge System?    Ms. Lowey. I appreciate it. And by the way, I have had legislation on this issue, I think, for the last 20 years. So I would really appreciate your getting back to me, giving me an up-to-date report.    On the National Heritage Area, your budget request proposes a number of important investments. However, there is one program in which the request falls flat, the National Heritage Areas. Once again, the Administration proposes to slash the program by $10 million. This is a significant cut that would have real impacts on the heritage areas. For example, in my region, the Hudson Valley National Heritage Area received $491,000 last year. If the proposed cut were enacted, the Hudson Valley would only receive $180,000 in Fiscal Year 2017. This is debilitating, and if you could explain why the budget is proposing to cut this program to such a degree.    Ms. Lowey. And just lastly, I do not know if my time is up, so we can continue this discussion. But I have been extremely disturbed by a report that found evidence of a long-term pattern of sexual harassment and hostile environment for at least 19 employees at the Grand Canyon National Park. Some of these women reported boatmen on their team would refuse to take them to their worksites if they rejected their sexual advances. One employee even said that one boatman withheld food from employees who refused, and this is shocking. Do you want to make a comment on it?    Ms. Lowey. I really appreciate that, Mr. Chairman, because I was shocked to hear it. In fact, one of my daughters was deputy director of a Park Service. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.