    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you for you all's testimony today. Between 2011 and 2014, foreign aid, U.S. foreign aid to Latin America and the Western Hemisphere went down by $400 million. The President has proposed increasing aid to Central America this year by $1.14 billion. And as I mentioned last year, I think that drop in $400 million, well, I don't blame the administration. I think it is also Congress, but we were essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul.    And so let me ask you a question I have asked before about Central America. I want to ask about Mexico. What are we doing to help Mexico combat all of the tragedies that are going on there now? There is a caravan going through the United States right now for the 43 students who were murdered in a small town there, and over the last several years hundreds of Americans have gone into Mexico and have been killed. My colleague Filemon Vela from Brownsville who represents Texas/Mexico border region has been on a crusade to get the United States Government to take a stronger part in doing something about this. So please.    Ambassador Jacobson. Thank you very much, Congressman. And I think this is an incredibly important subject having worked on the Merida Initiative for a number of years now. I think we and the Mexican Government really thought in some ways that our engagement, our initiative with them would be shorter lived than it was; that some of the problems we needed to tackle would be overcome more quickly. But it is clear that the problems they are tackling are very deep and embedded. And the 43 students in Iguala, I think, and the tragedy of their disappearance are a tragedy in and of themselves, but they are also a broader tragedy and that is why they had such resonance in Mexico for a system that still has not delivered justice to people.    So we see, I think, a response by the Mexican Government in terms of changes in whether it is the attorney general, changes in moving forward more aggressively on the transformation of the judicial system, which we are deeply involved in working with them on from an inquisitorial system to an oral adversarial system which is much more transparent, much quicker, fewer cases go to trial and that is very important because not everything must go to trial in terms of minor offenses, and fewer people being held in pretrial detention. As my colleague knows, in the states where USAID has worked on this kind of a transformation, Chihuahua and Nuevo Leon, the conviction rates have gone up and the pretrial detention rates have gone down.    So those are the kinds of things we need to continue to do, but it is a very, very difficult problem. And I think it is important that we remain engaged, and that is what the request level does. It focuses on moving on the Federal efforts that we have made to state levels which are critical. As you know, Mexico is a Federal system as we are, and while there may be 40,000 or so Federal police, there are over 400,000 state and local police in Mexico. And unless we work with the Mexicans on those levels as well, we can't really get at some of the problems going on there. And we feel that the Mexican Government is really ready for us to help in that level too.    Mr. Castro. What does the budget do with respect to Mexico?    Ambassador Jacobson. $119 million for this year is on the Merida Initiative alone.    Mr. Castro. Is that an increase or a decrease from the last few----    Ambassador Jacobson. I believe it is a decrease this year. But we also know that Mexico is coming in over 10 times. It is usually about 13 times the amount that we put into the security area. So we believe that it will be sufficient to do the things we want to do, remembering also that we don't do sort of big ticket equipment items with Mexico. It is training and its personnel and things of that nature which we get a fair amount of bang for our buck in those funds.    Mr. Castro. Sure. Thank you.