    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Just a couple of questions. I was reading through some articles and watching what government is doing and what business is trying to adhere to, and some of the comments by all of the panel today. It begs the question that if government does something, or they say they are going to do something and people rebel against it, but then it happens anyway, people just have to adhere to it and that is just the way it is. That is what I look at when we start talking about the overtime rule and we start talking about $15 an hour going across the country and what is happening in cities like Seattle since they have seen the biggest decline in jobs in restaurants since 2009 since they have done the $15 an hour ordinance. So when government gets involved, too heavy-handed, then we tend to see a problem.    But my questions are about something recently our Vice President said. He said, ``Because of the administration's efforts to rebuild the basic bargain, the economy has gone from crisis to recovery to resurgence. Today's expansion of overtime protections will build on this momentum.''    Do any one of you or do all of you agree with this?    Yes, sir?    Mr. KNIGHT. Before everyone continues I will put the second question on that, and maybe you can answer, too. Would any of your members be opposed to talking about an increase? We went from a little over 23,000 to almost 51,000. Would any of your members be opposed to talking about an increase that would probably put us into a more acceptable for small business, acceptable for continuing our economy to move forward? I am not trying to----    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay. And again, I will say the flip side, too. It has been a long time since that has been changed. We do not keep minimum wage at 25 cents an hour. It moves and it ends up trying to be at a wage that is commensurate to the timeframe. Some people think that that is too low and some people think that the jumps are too high. But, when we talk about the overtime rule, and moving it, I think it is a 113 percent jump. That seems to me to be a jump that small business is going to not just push back on, but have a very difficult time adhering to.    Mr. KNIGHT. In my last 20 seconds, do you think that that takes away some of the flexibility for small businesses? Because like you say, now we are going to turn some of them into hourly wages. In California, we have done some things that have taken away the ability for employers and employees to have a conversation, and say you have to have certain breaks at certain times, and if you do not have these certain breaks, then you are in violation. It takes away the flexibility. Then it turns it into, I am the employer, you are the employee, and that is the way it is and we do not talk and you follow the rules and I have to fill these forms out, and have a nice day.    Yes, ma'am?    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you. My time is well expired. Thank you, Mr. Chair.