    Mr. Beach. That's correct.    William Beach is the Vice President for Policy Research at their Mercatus Center at George Mason University. Dr. Beach previously served as the chief economist for the Senate Budget Committee Republican staff. Prior to that position, he was the Lazof Family Fellow in Economics at the Heritage Foundation, and director of the Center for Data Analysis.    Prior to joining Heritage in 1995, Dr. Beach served as a senior economist in the corporate headquarters of Sprint United, Incorporated, and from 1991 to 1995, as the president of the Institute for Humane Studies at George Mason University. Dr. Beach received his bachelor's degree from the Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas; his master's degree in the history of economics from the University of Missouri-Columbia; and a Ph.D. in economics from Buckingham University in Great Britain.    Welcome, Doctor.    Mr. Beach. Thank you very much.    Chairman Marino, Ranking Member----    Mr. Beach. Is that held against my time?    Mr. Beach. Thank you very much. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Congressman Trott, it is really a great pleasure to be here with you today. I'm going to testify about OIRA and cumulative cost and what we can do in terms of asserting Congress' authority in these areas, particularly in regulatory budget. But I would like to start with just a statement about the economy.    The economic role changes most and for the good in economies where rivalrous economic behavior is allowed most to flourish, that is in economies devoted to free enterprise. Congress has no end of the number of things it has to do. I should know; I was once working, not so long ago, in the Senate. But near the top of the list of to-dos is the protection of this amazing process of value creation through innovation, discovery, and competition.    We depend utterly on the private sector to produce nearly all of the material things we value. While the public sector is necessary as a partner in the production of these, by providing public goods, courts, highways, and so forth and so on, you wouldn't want it any other way, the betterment of the American people since 1900 is almost wholly the accomplishment of competition between entrepreneurs trying to obtain the consumer's attention for their products and services.    Given the vital place of the competitive economic world in bettering the general public, Congress must be especially vigilant of the regulatory burden it imposes on the economy. In this vain, I am particularly eager to draw the Committee's attention to three areas of regulatory policy where I have some concerns: One, the decay of regulatory impact analysis; two, the economic effects of regulation, the cumulative costs of regulation; and three, the growing absence of Congress in directing the future developments of the administrative state.    And, let me briefly mention all of these in turn on the regulatory impact analysis. Policymakers in Congress would largely be in the dark, Mr. Chairman, about the expected effects of regulatory policy changes were it not for the development of regulatory impact analysis, cost-benefit analysis it's also called.    The Administration's oversight of RIA's is lodged, as we heard, in OIRA. Under normal circumstances, this small office would have trouble enough monitoring the adequacy of these many rules. But I would like to point out to you that it has some difficulty doing it because its staffing has been halved. It started off in 1981 with 90 people. It now has exactly 50 percent of that at 45. So one of the things we can do to stop the hollowing out of our cost-benefit analysis is to adequately staff OIRA.    So what should we do to improve the quality of regulatory impact analysis, cost-benefit analysis? You asked that, Congressman Johnson, in your opening remarks. First, improve OIRA's resources. Without adequate staffing and other resources, the Office's capacity to improve RIA quality, cost-benefit analysis will be substantially compromised.    Two, implement the process reform described in the recently passed House bill, the Administrative Procedures Act, that requires agencies to produce preliminary regulatory impact analysis and submit that to public comment before sending in its final RIA cost-benefit analysis to OIRA. Our research indicates that preliminary analysis with public comment yields much better final results.    And three, Congress should require all agencies to perform cost-benefit analysis when proposing major regulations.    Let me go to my second point: The increasing effect of regulations on the economy. I'm with everyone who has, so far, spoken today in being a fan of regulations. You can look at one regulation in one area, one regulation of another, and always make a good case. But there is a mounting likelihood that the cumulative effect of regulation is slowing the economy.    We have just finished some research in this area: How much declining growth have we experienced because of the cumulative rapid rise of regulation? My colleague, Patrick McLaughlin, who couldn't be here today, and his coauthors, recently used a growth model of the U.S. economy in a peer-reviewed piece of research and data from the Code of Federal Regulations to estimate is that there's a $4 trillion loss in GDP in the base year of 2012.    Now, what does that mean? That is, had regulations remained the same as they were in the heavily regulated year of 1980, the economy in 2012 would be $4 trillion higher than it actually was. Now, that's a decrease of 25 percent from what it potentially could have had. There were 135 million employees working in 2012. That means, if you do the math, 25 percent more employees. We are missing 34 million jobs.    Finally, I would like to say a quick word about regulatory budgeting. At issue in my two previous points, importance of RIA work and the mounting case for regulations are, in net, harmful to economic growth, is the need for congressional policymakers to attend to the more regulations than they have in the past.    So what I'm advocating here is that Congress be a little more assertive in terms of what it does to authorize the spending of agencies that are pushing more regulations on us. A regulatory budget is an idea whose time maybe has come. It was first proposed by Lloyd Bentsen, and there are a number of Members who are very interested in regulatory budgeting as a way to contain and control the growth of regulations.    I've got a good deal more in my written testimony which has been submitted for the record. Thank you very much.    Mr. Beach. Yes, I happen to believe that. I think that when you have an accumulation of regulations, whether it be in the major rules, it be in the minor rules or be in the dark matter that Wayne has so eloquently developed, these add to the cost of investment, they add to the cost of labor, they add to all those costs which go into the operation of a business.    One of the reasons, as Doug pointed out, we have such a low level, a stunningly low level of firm creation has to be in the barriers which we've set up on the cost side, with all good intentions of helping people protect themselves against health and other kinds of injuries. It has prevented a lot of entrepreneurship. I'm very concerned about that.    Mr. Beach. I'd give it a C minus or a D plus. I think the regulations which have been produced out of the recession, well-meaning, as they were, were done without due regard for the cumulative cost and the effects on the enterprise system.    Mr. Beach. Well, yes. It's something we haven't talked about today is the important to whom, and it's largely important to people who are low and moderate incomes. They are--they bear a disproportionate share relative to their income, of the cost of regulation. So when we impose well-meaning regulations and it does what it does, we need to keep them in mind. It's called regressive effects, and I think they're--they're much in your mind in other areas as well, certainly.    Mr. Beach. Yes, sir.    Mr. Beach. I'm not an expert on how it got there. I'm very concerned about it, as I'm sure you are as well.    Mr. Beach. I'm not the best one to answer that question.    Mr. Beach. It could have been a number of factors. I'm not sure. It could have been the land. Who knows? I'm an economist.    Mr. Beach. Well, who knows. I mean, it could have been--it could have been this. For example, if you have a municipality that has a lot of--in a State that has the burden of a lot of regulation, that can undermine the tax base. If the tax base is undermined, you might not take care of your infrastructure. I've known lots of cities that have had poor infrastructure, which gets into things leaching into the water supply. So unless you--or and I are experts on now it actually got there, I could make an argument that yes, it could have been because of overregulation.    Mr. Beach. That doesn't necessarily follow. You could----    Mr. Beach. Absolutely not. We need--we need the regulations we have around----    Mr. Beach . Around the drinking water today. They've been very effective.    Mr. Beach. Yeah.    Mr. Beach. Exactly. Right. And so they, in fact, they benefit everybody, but my point is this: If you have----    Mr. Beach. If you have a slow economy because of a regulatory--cumulative regulatory burden, then wages grow slowly in the bottom half of the distribution. Now, they, of course, benefit from the clean water just like the top half, but they don't have the benefits of the growing economy like the top half does.    Mr. Beach. I think we're past that, aren't we, Congressman? I said in my remarks----    Mr. Beach. Of course, health and safety matters a great deal, and we are----    Mr. Beach. Well, I think it can and should be done so that you have the best advice possible for making decisions, as you must make, between spending on A, B, and C. If you----    Mr. Beach. I think we should all do----    Mr. Beach. Yeah, cost-benefit analysis needs to be done in much more than it's being done now.    Mr. Beach. Thank you.