    Secretary Castro. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to speak to you today about the Federal Housing Administration's efforts to expand opportunities for working families, to further strengthen the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, and to help continue the economic momentum our Nation is building every day.    We gather this morning at an important time for our Nation: 2014 was the best year for job growth since the 1990s, and over the last 59 months, businesses have created 11.8 million new jobs, the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. And, in recent years, we have seen existing single-family home sales rise by 50 percent. Housing starts have doubled, and home equity grew by $4 trillion.    It is clear that housing is reemerging as an engine of economic prosperity. The Federal Housing Administration has been instrumental in this progress. It has provided access to credit for generations of underserved borrowers and has been a stabilizing force in the housing market.    Unfortunately, there are some who try to include FHA with all the bad actors that caused the housing crisis. That couldn't be more inaccurate. FHA never pushed the toxic products that did so much damage. It didn't bring down the market; it actually helped to save it. FHA both stepped in and stepped up to fill the void created when private capital retreated--work that independent economists say prevented a further collapse in home prices.    And now that our Nation has turned the page on the crisis, we have a responsibility to give even more Americans the chance to participate in this growth.    One challenge that we must address is the high cost of homeownership. FHA raised its annual mortgage insurance premiums by 145 percent between 2010 and 2014. Think about what this means for folks who got an FHA-backed loan last fiscal year. FHA will collect an average of $17,000 in fees from them over the life of that loan. And at the same time, for those who may encounter hardship, we expect the average loss to be only $4,700.    These numbers show that the costs facing families who want to pursue the American Dream are too high and unnecessarily so. And it simply isn't right to unduly burden borrowers in the present because of the misbehavior of others in the past.    That is why, last month FHA took action to restore some fairness in the market and to make homeownership more affordable for working families.    FHA reduced annual mortgage insurance premiums by a modest half a percentage point. We expect this to save more than 2 million households over $2 billion during the next 3 years. That is money that can now be used on everything from a child's education to retirement savings. It will also encourage more than 250,000 new borrowers to enter the market, and create tens of thousands of jobs.    FHA is in a strong position to take this modest measure. We have taken aggressive action to improve our underwriting standards, including introducing a credit-score floor, requiring a higher downpayment from borrowers with a FICO score under 580, and imposing higher minimum-net-worth requirements for lenders. And FHA is back in the black as a result.    Our Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund has a net worth of $4.8 billion, according to the independent actuary's most recent annual report to Congress. It has grown more than $21 billion in just 2 years. And even with this reduction, premiums are still 50 percent higher than pre-crisis levels.    Furthermore, we expect the Fund's value to grow by at least $7 billion annually over the next several years, with the expectation that we will exceed the 2 percent ratio within 2 years. And our loans will still represent quality because our underwriting standards ensure that we are lending to responsible borrowers.    So our actions maintain a careful balance between strengthening our Fund and advancing our mission. That is why dozens of nonpartisan groups, from the National Association of REALTORS to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition to the Mortgage Bankers Association, are supporting our measures. And we will continue to work with stakeholders to preserve FHA's role as a champion for opportunity.    Over its 80-year history, FHA has helped 40 million families become homeowners--more than half of all first-time home buyers. In the States that this committee represents, nearly 7 million households have FHA-insured loans. FHA, as well as Ginnie Mae, also sparks robust economic activity, from the construction site to the local hardware store to the investment community. This work has played a critical role in growing the American middle class.    With so many Americans working incredibly hard every single day to advance their position in life just a little bit, the question you and I must answer now is this: How can we continue to strengthen the MMI Fund and ensure that everyone who is responsible and ready and willing to own can achieve their dreams in a growing housing market?    The good news is that HUD and this committee have a track record. We have partnered for progress before, from adjusting the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage (HECM) program to eliminating seller-funded downpayment assistance--measures that have strengthened the Fund. Thank you for your bipartisan support on those measures.    And I look forward to continuing this work to ensure that FHA provides a pathway to prosperity for the American people. Opportunity is our mission, and responsibility is our approach. And that is what this premium reduction supports.    Thank you.    Secretary Castro. I agree that is a requirement.    Secretary Castro. We still are.    Secretary Castro. We are not at the 2 percent ratio.    Secretary Castro. It means that we are not at the 2 percent ratio. We are working--    Secretary Castro. I appreciate the question, Mr. Chairman.    I am actually here today with much better news than you all have heard over the last couple of years, because we have grown the Fund by--    Secretary Castro. We are working very hard to reach the 2 percent--    Secretary Castro. The fact is--    Secretary Castro. The fact is that, over the last several years since the housing crisis started and with the help at different junctures of this committee, as I mentioned, several safeguards have been put in place that have helped strengthen the economic value of the Fund.    As I mentioned, for the first time ever, we put in place a credit-score floor of 500. We required--    Secretary Castro. Not at all. We are working toward getting at the 2 percent. And, in fact, we have made tremendous progress over these last couple of years. In fact, we are back in the black. We have--    Secretary Castro. The Fund, as I mentioned, is on a strong path to reaching 2 percent. We anticipate that within the next 2 years, it will reach 2 percent.    It is also important, Mr. Chairman, to note that there are a series of safeguards that were put in place that have strengthened the Fund. We have increased premiums 5 times. However--    Secretary Castro. All of us at HUD and FHA are working hard to reach that 2 percent capital reserve ratio. And, in fact, the proof is in the pudding. We are moving toward that 2 percent capital reserve ratio.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Castro. As I said in my opening statement, we are very pleased about the actions that you took.    And I would like to have you reiterate the amount of reserves that you presently have. Is it $40 billion?    Secretary Castro. It is $46 billion.    Ms. Waters. Would you say that again?    Secretary Castro. $46 billion in cash reserves.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    Again, I thank you for heeding my call and the call of countless groups, consumer advocates, and other Members of Congress, urging the FHA to take a close look at its premium structure and to weigh the impact of such historically high rates on affordability and access to credit.    Now that the FHA has taken the important step of reducing its premiums by half a percent, I would like to focus on how this decision will benefit first-time home buyers, low- and moderate-income families, and minorities.    Secretary Castro, how much of a monetary difference do you anticipate this premium reduction will have on these home buyers?    Secretary Castro. We anticipate that the average FHA borrower will save $900 annually because of this premium reduction and that, over the next 2 years, 2 million borrowers will save collectively about $2 billion. We also anticipate that 250,000 new borrowers will be drawn to the market because of the premium reduction.    Ms. Waters. That is substantial.    Some are concerned that the premium reduction will jeopardize the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund and put taxpayers at risk.    Can you explain how the premium reductions will actually benefit the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund by increasing volume and ensuring long-term stability?    Secretary Castro. We do anticipate an increase in volume. That is accurate. And as I mentioned to the chairman, as well, the premium increases that we have seen over the last few years--there have been five of them--have been part of a series of safeguards of measures that we took to improve the health of the Fund.    I mentioned the credit-score floor on the borrowers' side and the 10 percent downpayment that is now required on the borrowers' side. This committee worked on the elimination of seller-assisted downpayments, which also has helped improve the health of the Fund.    On the lender side, we actually have made our net-worth requirements for lenders more stringent so that our lenders are more sturdy. We have thrown more than 300 lenders off of the FHA rolls because they didn't meet our standards.    So, even with this premium reduction, we are still going to have premiums at 50 percent higher than they were when we started the housing crisis, and we have each of these strong safeguards also in place to ensure that the health of the Fund continues. We anticipate that the Fund will grow in net value by $7 billion each year over the next several years.    Ms. Waters. Many groups have applauded your decision to reduce mortgage insurance premiums because it will expand access to credit for creditworthy buyers who are not currently being served by the conventional market.    Can you describe for us the impact a premium reduction will have and who it will primarily benefit?    Secretary Castro. This is going to benefit all future FHA borrowers and folks who refinance through FHA. It is going to benefit hardworking families in the United States. Historically, the FHA has served folks of modest means who are hardworking, who want to be able to own a home, who are responsible. These are the folks--everyday Americans who are working hard, who are trying to have a piece of the American Dream and want to do it responsibly--who are going to benefit by this premium reduction and making it more affordable for them to own a home.    And we believe that we can do both, strengthen the health of the Fund and also continue to fulfill the historic mission of FHA to provide everyday, hardworking Americans, middle-class families, folks from different walks of life, the opportunity to access credit so that they can own a home.    Ms. Waters. According to 2013 HMDA data, FHA accounted for 46.3 percent of home purchases by African-American households, 47.9 of purchases by Hispanic households, and minority buyers continued to represent nearly one-third of FHA-insured first-time home buyers.    Can you elaborate on the importance of FHA for minority home buyers?    Secretary Castro. You mentioned the huge impact that FHA has had in terms of first-time home buyers. I mentioned in my opening remarks that about 50 percent of first-time home buyers historically have come through FHA. That is particularly true in communities of color, and that continues to be the case.    And so, across-the-board in communities of color, folks of modest means who are working hard and who are responsible--and I really need to stress that point because, again, FHA was not part of the problem. It did not push the toxic products. People think of that--those are other entities. FHA has always had sound underwriting, and we have made that even stronger over the last couple of years so that we can serve what has been a unique but responsible market of borrowers for the FHA.    Secretary Castro. I would be glad to get you that number. I don't have that number in front of me, but--    Secretary Castro. I would be glad to get you that figure.    Secretary Castro. The fact is that our books of business from 2010 on are some of the strongest books of businesses that we have had in FHA history. In fact--    Secretary Castro. Yes. Actually, that was the first time in FHA's history--    Secretary Castro. Again, FHA today has $46 billion--    Secretary Castro. And we provided this information to the chairman. If you take out the settlements of $2.2 billion and the mandatory appropriation of $1.7 billion, that was $3.9 billion that was backed out. Even with that, I may note, first of all, it is still a positive capital reserve ratio, but, secondly--    Secretary Castro. To go back to your question before, our serious delinquency rate this year is 7 percent.    Secretary Castro. I can get you that figure momentarily here.    Secretary Castro. In fact, we have improved our default rates significantly--    Secretary Castro. The default rate today has fallen significantly. It is less than--    Secretary Castro. I want to make sure that I am accurate, and so we will get you that figure.    Secretary Castro. It is less than--    Secretary Castro. It is 7.2--it is less than 10 percent.    Secretary Castro. I disagree.    And I would also note that these projections are not the projections of FHA or HUD that are made on an annual basis to determine our capital-reserve ratio and project out where its headed. Those are projections--    Secretary Castro. I want to make sure that we are accurate, Congressman. Our net income in 2014 was approximately $8 billion.    Secretary Castro. Thank you very much for the question. And, I want to commend the work of the committee in addressing issues with regard to our reverse mortgage portfolio. As folks know, that has been a challenge for FHA.    And I am certainly willing to follow up with you, Congresswoman, and your staff and have a dialogue on that.    Secretary Castro. There has been a tremendous amount of work over the last several years, and this committee has been a part of that work, to improve the health of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, including putting in several of the safeguards that I mentioned on the borrower side, and the lender side. And because of that, we have seen the results. We have seen delinquencies go down by 27 percent, serious delinquencies, since 2013. We have seen our recovery rates go up by 62 percent; foreclosure starts, down 61 percent.    So the first concern was ensuring that we will have continued strengthening of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund. At the same time, FHA has the historic mission of providing access to credit for everyday, hardworking Americans of modest means who are trying to have a part of the American Dream and own a home.    And we believe that this achieves that strong balance of continuing to strengthen the Fund. Premiums are still going to be 50 percent higher than they were at the beginning of the housing crisis. All of the other safeguards are still in place. We see the results of that. And so we believe it is the right time to afford that opportunity.    I will also say, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we see that for our 2014 book of business it is one of the two most profitable years for FHA in its history, and we are collecting $17,000 from these folks who are borrowing through FHA. And, at the same time, we calculate our risk at $4,700.    We believe that this 50-basis-point reduction strikes a good balance between strengthening the Fund and meeting our mission.    Secretary Castro. Yes, we are. And we will continue to do so.    The average credit score for the FHA borrower last year was 680, which is a very high credit score historically for FHA. And, as I mentioned, our net income was $8 billion in 2014. We are projected to continue to have profitable years in the next few years to come, in fact, to see the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund grow in net value by at least $7 billion a year over the next several years.    So we are, I think, in the right spot.    Secretary Castro. I appreciate the question.    Let me say, Congressman, that there is no doubt that the FHA has played a unique role in the landscape of lending, and that role has been a very positive one--    Secretary Castro. I agree with that. I don't agree that FHA is--    Secretary Castro. FHA has done that responsibly, with strong underwriting--    Secretary Castro. Again, FHA did not push the toxic products, the no-doc loans, the no income, no job, and no assets (NINJA) loans--    Secretary Castro. --the kinds of products that I think folks associate with the housing crisis.    In fact, you mentioned the downpayments. That has been in place for 50 years at FHA. For 50 years, it has offered middle-class families the opportunity--    Secretary Castro. Well--    Secretary Castro. Not at all. I assume intelligence in the American people and that, with regard to FHA-insured loans, that we have always had strong underwriting.    I would also note that the premium reduction is not changing who actually qualifies for an FHA-insured loan. That is not what we are talking about today. We are not talking about changing who qualifies for a loan. It is simply making it more affordable for hardworking Americans--    Secretary Castro. I appreciate the question, Congresswoman.    This is a premium reduction that is going to have a positive impact across-the-board. Of course, that is also true in high-cost areas. As I mentioned earlier, we expect that for the average borrower, this is going to save about $900 per year. So it is making it more affordable for middle-class families.    What we see out there is folks who are working hard, who are responsible, they are ready to own a home, but it often is difficult for them to get 20 percent as a downpayment. And that is where, historically, FHA has stepped in.    Secretary Castro. There was one analysis recently that suggested that this premium reduction will support about 140,000 jobs in the United States.    Secretary Castro. Thank you for that question.    In fact, housing counseling has been, we believe, one of the most impactful tools in empowering borrowers to make smart decisions and, also, on the credit-risk side, reducing those borrowers as a credit risk. And so HUD fully supports ample housing counseling efforts. In fact, in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget, we have increased our ask by 28 percent in terms of funding for housing counseling.    And I would be glad to follow up with you and your staff about--    Secretary Castro. --the robust program that we have out there on housing counseling.    Secretary Castro. Of course, as I mentioned earlier, communities of color have long been a significant portion of FHA business. In fact, as Ranking Member Waters mentioned, today, nearly half of African-American and Hispanic borrowers go through an FHA-insured product.    So we believe that there has been an ample track record of success of outreach. Of course, we are always sensitive to that, and we believe communities of color and the mainstream community, that folks who are hardworking, folks of modest means but who are responsible, that they ought to have the chance, through FHA, to access credit so that they can purchase a home.    And the results of the hard work that have been done over these last few years, including work by this committee, have improved FHA's standing. The fact that FHA is stronger today because of these safeguards that have been put in place means that we can do more responsible loans to communities of color and help to lift them up.    Secretary Castro. This was a decision that was made after the annual report was released so that we could have the benefit of understanding the stronger standing of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund.    Secretary Castro. First, again, this was a decision that was made after the annual report--    Secretary Castro. I don't want to make a categorical statement on that. However, I do not--    Secretary Castro. That is an independent actuary, and so that is not someone on FHA's staff--    Secretary Castro. --that regularly consults, in terms of coming up with numbers.    Secretary Castro. And we look forward to getting the 2015 actuarial report, as well, that will give us, I believe, another strong measure on the progress of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund.    Secretary Castro. Again, the FHA staff conducted its analysis in terms of receiving the 2014 annual review, and then projecting what the impact of the mortgage insurance premium reduction would be. We also look forward to getting the 2015 annual review from the independent actuary. We have seen serious delinquencies drop by 27 percent since 2013, and 2013 and 2014 have been the most profitable years for the FHA. So we are, the FHA and its Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund is on a much stronger path to reaching 2 percent than it has been before.    Secretary Castro. That is correct.    Secretary Castro. That is what we are doing.    Secretary Castro. Thank you very much, Congressman. Yes, we have certainly heard the concerns on condo ownership, and it is something that our staff has been working on and a process that we are going through. I would be glad to follow up with you on a more exact date within 2015 when we anticipate getting that work done.    Secretary Castro. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss this a little bit. In fact, FHA, for some time now, has offered several products for folks who are interested in greening up their homes, or having an energy-efficient home in the first place, including capacity for electric vehicles, as you mentioned, and solar panels. The 203k program is a good example of that, and we can get you and your staff more information on the menu of items that the FHA offers.    Secretary Castro. You and I agree that we need more stories like Jill's story of folks who are hardworking and able to access credit so that they can afford to own a home. And the fact is that we have taken, in addition to increasing premiums 5 times over these last several years, several measures to ensure that the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund is healthy. We never had the kind of lesser underwriting standards that a lot of the private sector had. FHA has always had stronger underwriting standards. We have strengthened those even more by creating that credit score floor of 500, requiring 10 percent down for the riskiest borrowers in our portfolio, those with less than a 580 credit score. We have improved lenders that we work with by requiring a higher net worth there. So all of that adds up to the place we are today where we can say, look, 3 years ago we started hearings on this issue. And we are in a much stronger spot, and on a strong path to reach that 2 percent capital reserve ratio.    The question then becomes, how do we strike a strong balance between continuing to strengthen that Fund, and also affording opportunity for folks who are hardworking to be able to access credit. Now remember, we are not changing any of the policies on who can access that credit. This is simply a reduction in the cost to those borrowers. And the fact is that by reducing this cost, that we are going to--    Secretary Castro. That is true.    Secretary Castro. FHA never pushed the toxic products. When folks think about the no-doc loans, the NINJA loans, that was not FHA. FHA has always had stronger, full underwriting, and we have strengthened that even further in the last few years.    Secretary Castro. We did require a mandatory appropriation in 2013 as a result of going through the worst housing crisis that we have seen in quite a while.    Secretary Castro. Sure, our customers are borrowers.    Secretary Castro. It has been very difficult for middle-class Americans to be able to access credit. That is true.    Secretary Castro. A lot more of them are renting today because they can't access credit or it is not affordable.    Secretary Castro. Yes, there was one analysis, I believe, by the National Association of REALTORS that said that in 2013, there were 400,000 folks who were priced out because of high FHA premiums.    Secretary Castro. We can't do it without the borrowers, and we are on a strong path to getting there.    Secretary Castro. What we are trying to do is ensure that we can affordably offer access to credit and still strengthen the health of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, that we can strike a strong balance there.    Secretary Castro. We always have at FHA, sure.    Secretary Castro. That is our goal, yes.    Secretary Castro. That certainly is.    Secretary Castro. Sure.    Secretary Castro. We are at .41 in the latest annual report.    Secretary Castro. My testimony is that this is not going to have a significant impact on the timeframe for reaching the 2 percent.    Secretary Castro. We believe that this will not have a significant impact, that we will still be able to get, within 2 years, the 2 percent capital reserve.    Secretary Castro. It goes to the comments that I made earlier. The only reason that we strengthen the Fund is not due to just an increase in premiums. It is a series of safeguards that we have put in place that have enhanced recovery, also ensured that the lenders we work with--    Secretary Castro. I agree with you that we would get to 2 percent a little bit more quickly, but not significantly more quickly than we are on a path to get there now.    Secretary Castro. No, that of loans to African-Americans and Hispanics, nearly 50 percent are FHA-insured loans.    Secretary Castro. I have a very different perspective on that, Congressman. The FHA, for 80 years now, has been a part of ensuring that hardworking folks of different backgrounds could access credit responsibly.    Secretary Castro. FHA didn't cause the crisis.    Secretary Castro. FHA felt the effect.    Secretary Castro. I--    Secretary Castro. The--    Secretary Castro. My hope is that consumers are effectively protected by measures--    Secretary Castro. FHA has always had very strong underwriting. FHA is different, markedly different from a lot of the--    Secretary Castro. We are committed to ensuring that we enhance our underwriting.    Secretary Castro. Very strongly, absolutely.    Secretary Castro. We were always much stronger than most private-sector actors and we are even stronger today in part because of the work of this committee.    Secretary Castro. We drew $1.7 billion.    Secretary Castro. We did not. That was money to cover the future potential losses.    Secretary Castro. It is fair to say that we put several tools in place, safeguards in place so we will continue with those safeguards. Obviously--    Secretary Castro. There is nothing that prevents that. That is one tool in the toolbox, and we will continue like--    Secretary Castro. Thank you very much, Representative. Let me just say, I look forward to following up with you and with your staff. We have heard concerns about the DASP program. One of those has been, for instance, from nonprofits who would like to be able to participate and perhaps with, they feel, a keener eye toward neighborhood revitalization, and so we are looking at how we might accomplish that and would love to follow up with you.    Secretary Castro. Of course, I am here to testify on FHA, Congressman, and I know that--    Secretary Castro. Forty-six.    Secretary Castro. So--    Secretary Castro. I want to make sure that I am correct on this. We were at a negative capital reserve ratio at that time. We still have--    Secretary Castro. Just to answer your question, we had $40 billion at that time, at the time of the mandatory--    Secretary Castro. Correct.    Secretary Castro. Generally, our most common product is 97 percent of the value.    Secretary Castro. Typically, in the private sector, there would be a 20 percent downpayment and so the mortgage would be--    Secretary Castro. That would be 80 percent under a usual--    Secretary Castro. Insure 80 percent of the mortgage.    Secretary Castro. I'm sorry, insure 100 percent of the mortgage, which is 80 percent of the sale. There is a 20 percent downpayment, and the mortgage is insured.    Secretary Castro. I guess I was a little bit confused, if you are talking about FHA, or if you are talking about the private mortgage insurers.    Secretary Castro. We insure 100 percent, and--    Secretary Castro. That is right. Yes.    Secretary Castro. Typically, the mortgage insures 30 percent of the UPB at 95 percent of loan to value.    Secretary Castro. Sure.    Secretary Castro. Over the last several years, we have seen home building double since the beginning of the housing--    Secretary Castro. Sure.    Secretary Castro. I would be glad to do that, Congressman.    Secretary Castro. Across our class of 2014 borrowers, we expect that loss to be $4,700 per borrower, the average loss to be $4,700, and we are collecting $17,000 in mortgage insurance premiums from those 2014 borrowers.    Secretary Castro. Sure. We can get you that number.    Secretary Castro. We expect that in this year, we are going to do about 800,000 loans.    Secretary Castro. Yes.    Secretary Castro. My best recollection is that it is in the range of 150,000 are refinances, and we expect between 100,000 and 200,000 refinances in 2015.    Secretary Castro. We would be glad to get you that, Congressman.    Secretary Castro. During my tenure of service, sure. We did.    Secretary Castro. San Antonio is a growing city, so they did.    Secretary Castro. I don't believe that everyone who makes a purchase in December regrets it in January, no.    Secretary Castro. I have been Secretary for about 6 months now.    Secretary Castro. I have no doubt that in another 6 months, I will have acquired even more information than I have today. Sure.    Secretary Castro. The average credit score for an FHA borrower in 2014 was 680.    Secretary Castro. These are strong credit scores. I just also would note again, that we set a credit score floor of 500 and also for folks with FICO scores under 580, we now require a 10 percent downpayment.    Secretary Castro. Absolutely.    Secretary Castro. That is correct.    Secretary Castro. We can certainly get that you figure.    Secretary Castro. Of course, sure.    Secretary Castro. It is a very good point, Congressman. I can't stress enough that FHA, for its 80-year history, has been lending to responsible, hardworking Americans. And it continues to do so to this day with very strong underwriting standards--folks who may be of modest means but are responsible Americans.    And I know that there has been some discussion, as well, comparing FHA to the banks. FHA is not a private bank. FHA has a distinct mission, and it has been fulfilling that mission in a strong way, lending to responsible Americans who are of modest means, hardworking, lower-income and middle-class-income folks. And we have seen a track record of success over its 80-year history. More recently, we have seen a strengthening of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, even against the backdrop of the challenges that we had before.    Secretary Castro. That would not surprise me, no.    Secretary Castro. That became part of the cash reserves of--    Secretary Castro. --FHA. It was assigned to FHA.    Secretary Castro. It is in FHA's account, true.    Secretary Castro. I certainly do consider it a requirement for us to get there. And that is why we have worked very hard, and, as you know, we are--    Secretary Castro. --projected to get there within--    Secretary Castro. We believe that within the next 2 years we will reach that 2 percent capital-reserve ratio.    Secretary Castro. Our net income this year was $8 billion. We expect the value of the Fund to grow by at least $7 billion over the next several years. And because of that strong and steady growth, we anticipate getting to the 2 percent within the next 2 years.    And the result of that is going to be all of the actions that we have taken in conjunction with this committee to put safeguards in place to recover more revenue than we used to, to ensure that our borrowers are as strong as possible--we have strengthened our underwriting. The result of all of those actions is going to be us getting to that 2 percent capital-reserve ratio.    Secretary Castro. Yes. I appreciate the question very much.    We are, at FHA, pursuing our two missions: to play that countercyclical role; and also to afford opportunity to hardworking Americans of modest means to be able to access credit and own a home. And to the extent that we can accomplish that, we are willing to consider ways of doing business that might make sense. And so, I am certainly willing to follow up with you--    Secretary Castro. We absolutely are. In fact, I know the IG testified that at the very beginning of my tenure one of the things that we did was to send out a joint letter to all of our employees, saying that we expect our employees to comply with ethical standards and also to cooperate with the Inspector General in any reviews or investigations.    With regard to the question you are asking about, about anti-lobbying, the anti-lobbying law, we have specifically included or highlighted that in the ethics training that we just did a couple of months ago.    Secretary Castro. That is right. We saw our market share go up very significantly.    Secretary Castro. That is--    Secretary Castro. Yes. We played our countercyclical role and did see market share go up.    Secretary Castro. That is correct.    Secretary Castro. That is fair. That is correct. We have seen--    Secretary Castro. Yes. And just in the last 2 years, as I mentioned, we have seen serious delinquencies go down by 27 percent.    Secretary Castro. Yes. It is fair to say that the value of these books has increased tremendously over the last several years.    Secretary Castro. That is right. The average borrower, as I said, has a credit score around 680. So it is a higher category of borrower.    Secretary Castro. We absolutely are achieving both of those things. We are committed to both of those things.    Secretary Castro. And, sir, as I said, we are striking that strong balance between continuing to improve the financial health of the Fund and also meeting our historic mission of opening up opportunity for hardworking Americans who are responsible to be able to access credit to own a home.    Secretary Castro. As you know, Congressman, this is a--    Secretary Castro. I--    Secretary Castro. This is an independent actuary's assessment. This is not FHA's or HUD's assessment.    Secretary Castro. I had a chance to review the annual report, yes, if that is the question.    Secretary Castro. We believe that within the next couple of years, 2 years--    Secretary Castro. First, still within 2 years we anticipate reaching--    Secretary Castro. It does. And I acknowledged--    Secretary Castro. --earlier that does change it by a few months--    Secretary Castro. --less than a year.    We would be glad to share with you our analysis on--    Secretary Castro. There was analysis done on that, of course.    Secretary Castro. I believe that was 5 or 6 years ago.    Secretary Castro. I certainly would recommend that folks come to FHA who are looking for an affordable, proven way--    Secretary Castro. I absolutely would recommend FHA--    Secretary Castro. No. I just have a different perspective, Congressman, on that.    Secretary Castro. For different reasons.    One of the things that we did was that we increased the net-worth requirement from $250,000 to $1 million to strengthen the financial standing--    Secretary Castro. Certainly.    And we also--    Secretary Castro. There certainly has been fraud, and, because of that fraud, there have been--    Secretary Castro. Yes. We are trying to continue to strengthen the health of the Fund, certainly. And we are projected to grow by at least $7 billion in net value over the next several years because of all of the measures that we have taken. And premiums are still 50 percent higher than they were when the housing crisis started.    And, at the same time, as you suggest, be able to serve the Americans that FHA has always served.    Secretary Castro. I certainly see these steps that we have taken as prudent and necessary to return the Fund to the 2 percent capital-reserve ratio. At the same time, what we want at FHA is to be able to afford as much opportunity--    Secretary Castro. It certainly is. It always is.    And, for instance, the fact that we have now put a 10 percent downpayment requirement on folks who have less than a 580 FICO score, that didn't used to be the case before. And so the effect of that, of course, is that you are making it harder for folks who would be responsible and--    Secretary Castro. Yes, I think doing it smartly. And that is what we are doing at FHA.    Secretary Castro. What I said is that we are open to thinking through that and following up with you. That is not something that we are doing right now. We are open to considering ideas like that as long as we can meet our fundamental mission.    There also is, as you know, Congressman, a cost involved to FHA to be able to administer that. And so we are concerned about ensuring that, to the extent that ever came to pass, we would have the resources to be able to do that.    But we would love to follow up with you on--    Secretary Castro. Thank you.    Secretary Castro. It is good to see you.    Secretary Castro. Certainly.    Secretary Castro. I really appreciate having the opportunity to answer this question, because I know that this is an issue that has come up. And there is no question that there is some overlap there.    However, I think you saw fairly assertive statements by folks like Radian and United, these private mortgage insurers, that their business is not going to be significantly impacted by this change in policy.    So we have seen private capital in fact increase in the market. Significantly, we have seen our market share at FHA come down as we played our countercyclical role. And I don't believe that this is going have much of an impact on their business.    Secretary Castro. Next month, yes.    Secretary Castro. I don't believe that there is going to be much of a consequence. And folks like Radian and United have made it clear that they don't believe there is much of a consequence either.    Secretary Castro. We absolutely are committed and working toward getting to the 2 percent. And we have seen a $21 billion increase in the net value of the Fund. We anticipate that it is going to grow at least $7 million a year over the next several years.    Secretary Castro. Thank you very much, Congressman, for the opportunity to address, as you say, the urban development aspect of HUD. It is something that is important to me, as a former mayor.    And you are right that resources have been constrained, particularly when we look at CDBG and HOME, over the last several years. We have seen since 2010 a 50 percent decline in HOME funding and a 25 percent decline in CDBG funding. That has a real impact on communities throughout the United States.    One of the things I am encouraged by in next year's Fiscal Year 2016 budget and I am sure we will have an opportunity in a few weeks to discuss at greater length is an upward-mobility initiative that would allow up to 10 communities, as part of a pilot project, to combine CDBG with CSBG and two other programs and would invest $300 million in Health and Human Services to administer funds that would flexible across those four program areas that I think would give some of the flexibility to communities that you are talking about. I certainly know how valuable that is in making projects happen on the ground.    We are also, though, very proud of the work that has been down by the Administration to try and break down the silos that exist within the Federal Government and also locally. The Department of Education now is speaking to HUD, is speaking to Energy, the EPA, and so forth, and that is being mirrored on the ground through SC2, Promise Zones, the work that Choice is doing with planning grants and also implementation funds.    All of that adds up to, I think, getting a bigger bang for the buck in local communities. And whether it is doing something about vacant lots or making housing more affordable in an area or just, as we used to do a lot of in San Antonio, investing in infrastructure--    Secretary Castro. --bottom-line infrastructure, we are trying to find creative ways that we can make those resources go further.    With regard to the U.N., the Habitat III meeting, we just had our first meeting. And as the Chair of the U.S. national committee, I look forward, of course, to visiting with you and your staff on how we can work together.    Secretary Castro. I agree with you that whether it is a bank or it is FHA, we need to take prudent measures to ensure that we are in good financial health.    Earlier, a question was asked, for instance, about qualified mortgages. We have our own QM that tests the ability to pay and ensures that the loans that we insure at FHA are sound ones.    So I think you and I agree with regard to implementing prudent policy--    Secretary Castro. Yes. The FHA has been a profound success throughout its history. If we think about the unique market that FHA serves, to have a default rate that is less than 10 percent--now, you mentioned delinquencies. We have seen our serious delinquencies fall by 27 percent in the last 2 years.    So, because of these safeguards that we have put in place, at times in conjunction with the work of this committee, to its credit, we are on a much more solid footing than--    Secretary Castro. --we were before.    Secretary Castro. Thank you, Representative Ellison, for giving me the chance to comment on another very significant part of the work that FHA does.    Our multifamily portfolio is immensely important. It also plays, to some extent, this countercyclical role. We saw, I believe, the volume during the housing crisis go up from about $3 billion to $13 billion of FHA-insured loans in multifamily.    That is particularly important now because FHA helps create more affordable multifamily housing at a time when, from community to community, we are seeing a crisis in terms of rental affordability.    Secretary Castro. So the ability of the FHA to underwrite and insure sound loans for affordable multifamily housing, I would argue, is important or perhaps even more important to housing options as it has ever been.    Secretary Castro. Yes. So for the Federal Government and each of its lending entities, the fact that we have a 2 percent capital-reserve ratio is unique in the government. There is no one else that is required to have the kind of capital reserves that FHA is required to have.    It was mentioned earlier and it is accurate to say that in the private sector there is a higher reserve ratio that is often held. But FHA is unique in its role and in its requirements in terms of our capital reserve.    Secretary Castro. That is right.    Secretary Castro. FHA has been enormously important for the ability of folks who are of modest means of all different backgrounds but particularly communities of color, African-Americans and Latinos, to be able to access credit so that they can afford a home. Ranking Member Waters was very, I think, apt to point out that nearly 50 percent of African-American and Latino home buyers have an FHA-insured loan these days.    And so, when we think about ensuring that there is opportunity for everyone in the United States, FHA is an invaluable component of that.    Secretary Castro. First, in the legislation that spelled out QM, FHA was specifically singled out--    Secretary Castro. --as separate from that. And that is why, legislatively, statutorily, we are not under the umbrella--    Secretary Castro. --just to be clear.    Secretary Castro. We have our own QM rule to ensure ability to pay, and so my--we can get you the exact figure.    Secretary Castro. No. What I believe is that we were told to--and we have--come up with a separate process.    Secretary Castro. No. I would say that both are intended to ensure that loans that are made--that underwriting is strong. FHA has historically and continues to this day to have very strong underwriting.    Secretary Castro. We will continue to insure loans of the same quality, because this is not changing anything about who is actually able to qualify for a loan. This is all about the affordability for folks who do qualify.    Secretary Castro. I would say that we are fighting for everyday Americans who are working hard, who are playing by the rules and want an opportunity to be able to get a home loan in a time when it has been very difficult, that we believe in them and we believe that they can responsibly own a home because the FHA has had strong underwriting, but it also affords folks the opportunity to get--    Secretary Castro. I can only speak to FHA. And at FHA, we have seen a $21 billion increase in the net value of the Fund over the last 2 years. We have taken these very aggressive measures to improve the health of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, and it is expected to grow by at least $7 billion a year over the next several years and get to that 2 percent. So, the results are there.    Secretary Castro. It certainly is part of the DNA of the FHA, sure.    Secretary Castro. Sure.    Secretary Castro. Yes, I agree that we have both of those requirements in front of us. We are working hard to get to 2 percent. We have seen incredible progress toward that, so there is better news today than there has been in the past. At the same time, from its very beginning, FHA has had the mission and the responsibility to afford opportunity to Americans who are working hard, who may be of modest means, but who are responsible, and also deserve the opportunity to be able to own a home.    Secretary Castro. I believe the analysis can be done. I am not sure that it has been done. But we would love to follow up with you if you would like for us to look at that analysis.    Secretary Castro. I will say more generally, that I thank you and the committee for working on this. You are right that HECM has been a challenging part of our portfolio, and we believe that the legislation will help to stabilize it and to strengthen those books of business as HECM goes into the future.    Secretary Castro. I appreciate the question. I think we have a different perspective on the value of FHA, obviously. And the fact is that FHA has served a fundamental purpose in offering opportunity to responsible Americans throughout its 80-year history. In terms of the mandatory appropriation that we received, that is governed by statute, Congressman, and so     Secretary Castro. We are going to administer the Fund as we need to to get to that 2 percent and as we are governed by statute.    Secretary Castro. You have different types of delinquencies. A delinquency, a serious delinquency obviously, an overall default, our default rate is less than 10 percent. We have had a reduction in serious delinquencies of 27 percent since 2013. So I just want to say, again, and give the committee some credit for putting in place the safeguards that have allowed us truly to be at a spot today where we have better news than we have had in the past, and understand our commitment to working with you to get to that 2 percent.    Secretary Castro. Yes, it is--    Secretary Castro. Just so that I am clear, serious delinquency is 90 days past due.    Secretary Castro. I believe that FHA has been a profound success. It is not a private business. It is not a bank. It has served a unique set of borrowers, and the question is, do we believe in that mission, or do we not? And I fundamentally believe that we can accomplish getting to that 2 percent ratio and also fulfilling that obligation that we have to afford opportunity to middle-class Americans.    Secretary Castro. As you know, as mayor the thing that you are concerned about is results. And what we have seen is we have seen the results of strong safeguards that we have put in place. So we have seen serious delinquencies go down by 27 percent, recovery rate go up by 62 percent. We have seen a $21 billion increase in the net value of the Fund and projections for $7 billion increases each year over the next several years. So from the perspective of getting things done, we have gotten improvement done. So yes, I do have confidence in FHA.    Secretary Castro. We are working to get to the 2 percent capital reserve ratio and we are having very good success at getting there.    Secretary Castro. It was, I believe, 6 years ago.    Secretary Castro. Well--    Secretary Castro. I would say, Congressman, of course I was not here at the time and so I don't want to speak for anything in the past. I would just say, as someone who has been on the job 6 months, I have been impressed by the results that FHA is now getting. The two most profitable books of business in the history of FHA have been 2013 and 2014. And we are projected within the next 2 years to get to that 2 percent. So if we talk about results, and that is what we are concerned about on the ground, as mayors, there is no question that today we have a story of results at FHA.    Secretary Castro. I believe that was one of the tools, one of the safeguards that was put in place. I see the value of having done that.    Secretary Castro. A couple of things. Because of this panoply of safeguards that have been put in place, the health of the Fund has grown $21 billion over the last--    Secretary Castro. Most of them, that is true, or had not been in place in a while. A good example of this is eliminating seller-assisted downpayments. That is something that this committee led the charge in. That helped. Our estimate is that if those had not ever been--had not been a part of the calculus of the business that we were doing, that the Fund would have $16 billion more in value. So just to answer your question, the fact that the results are there, the strong improvement is there; secondly, that the projection is that we are going to continue to have strong results; and then the third thing is, we are charging these folks $1,700, collecting from them $1,700 when we expect the loss to essentially work out at $4,700. We have to do something for average--    Secretary Castro. It is incorrect to say that we have a $1.7 billion deficit. We have $46 billion in cash reserves right now. And let me just--    Secretary Castro. We took a mandatory appropriation from the Treasury, sure.    Secretary Castro. Yes, of course. I won't speak for other folks. Let me just say, if it is the same article that I believe you are referring to that suggested that somehow there was a $75 billion bailout or something to that effect, that is just a completely inappropriate way to characterize the revenue that has flowed between the capital reserve account and the financing account of FHA.    In fact, we did take a $1.7 billion mandatory appropriation, but I would not characterize that as a bailout either, and I certainly would not suggest that the usual business that statutorily designated of moving dollars from one account to another account that all came in through FHA fees, that is somehow a bailout either. That is completely incorrect.    Secretary Castro. I disagree completely with the premise of the article and the comments. In fact, these transactions are transactions that are statutorily required and they are a regular part of doing business. And they represent the transferring from one account to another account to be able to ensure that all potential losses to the book of business are covered. These are not funds from the taxpayer. These are funds from fees collected by FHA.    Secretary Castro. There are certainly no guarantees that I can make except to say that we have had two of the most profitable years in FHA history in 2013 and 2014 and I do not anticipate at any time in the foreseeable future, another mandatory appropriation.    Secretary Castro. That is right.    Secretary Castro. The average mortgage is about $180,000.    Secretary Castro. To the average borrower in 2015.    Secretary Castro. That is a good question and one that has been asked of FHA over the years. Certainly, there have been many voices calling for lower premiums and some voices since the announcement saying that perhaps we should have gone lower, as you say, and it is clear, we have folks saying don't do it at all. But as we said, again, after the annual report came out in November, our responsibility is to make decisions that are consistent with our fundamental statutory obligations and also meet our historic mission. And so we wanted to be sure to strike that strong balance between continuing to improve the health of the MMI Fund and also affording opportunity for folks of modest means who are hardworking to be able to access credit for a home loan. And 50 basis points in that regard was the best lending spot, we felt.    Secretary Castro. It is the case that we are always monitoring each of these things, the volume, of course, the health of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund. We want to be able to afford opportunity to folks. I believe that the 50-basis point reduction is sound and it makes sense. If the question is, will it make sense in the future to lower the premiums again, that could be the case. But we are going to make a decision based on the evidence in front of us, and ensuring that we continue to strengthen the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund and balance our mission of affording opportunity.    Secretary Castro. We will continue to look at the insurance premiums as we look at all aspects of FHA. As I mentioned before, 2013 and 2014 were the most profitable books of business in FHA's history. And we will have a better sense of this, I believe, when we get the next annual report in November of this year.    Secretary Castro. Thank you.    Secretary Castro. We do have a Chief Risk Officer and this was another one of the safeguards that was put in place, and I think very--    Secretary Castro. That has certainly been a part of the formulation of this and calculation, sure.    Secretary Castro. To the extent that they are part of the team working on it, then absolutely yes.    Secretary Castro. I have not received any negative word on it.    Secretary Castro. Because I want to make sure that I am answering the right question here. The Chief Risk Officer has said, yes, that he supports this measure. I think if your question is, has he said that verbally or has he signed something--    Secretary Castro. Yes, the Chief Risk Officer has been part of the dialogue in the room with myself and the staff as we discussed this in terms of where we are at now, and the projections.    Secretary Castro. In terms of our delinquencies?    Secretary Castro. We can get--I don't have that figure right in front of me, but we can get it to you, Congressman.    Secretary Castro. The mission of FHA today is the same mission that it has always been, to afford opportunity for folks who are of modest means, who are hardworking and responsible, be they first-time home buyers or other folks to be able to access credit so that they can purchase a home, and there are millions and millions of Americans, 40 million who have been served by FHA with that mission.    Secretary Castro. I do, absolutely. I mentioned earlier it has both of these missions and we have seen that recently. We have seen it play a countercyclical role. In fact, as the committee knows, and has been testified to before, there was a very on-point analysis that demonstrated if it had not played that countercyclical mission, then home prices, for instance, would have declined another 25 percent, and--    Secretary Castro. That is still the heart of our mission, playing a countercyclical role and affording opportunity for hardworking, responsible Americans to be able to access credit to purchase a home.    Secretary Castro. Congressman, I would just say that we fulfill our mission and we play a countercyclical role. We have seen our market share from the beginning of the housing crisis go up and we have started to see it come back down. So we see that FHA is playing its countercyclical role. We welcome private capital into the market, and I mentioned earlier that is something that we recognize of--    Secretary Castro. I would say, first of all, that it depends on where the market is at, whether it is playing a countercyclical role or not. And we have seen over the last couple of years that the FHA did play its traditional countercyclical role as its market share increased, and now has started to decline as private actors have come back with more force into the market.    Secretary Castro. What we are trying to accomplish by lowering these premiums, is to strike a strong balance.    Secretary Castro. We are--our goal is to strike a strong balance between continuing to improve the health of the Fund and also afford opportunity for the folks that FHA--    Secretary Castro. Well--    Secretary Castro. It is the folks that FHA has historically served. It is folks who are--some of them are lower-income, first-time home buyers.    Secretary Castro. We did see--I agree with you that we saw the market share increase. We have also seen it start to come back down. That is the countercyclical role that FHA plays. I believe that there is a strong value--    Secretary Castro. That is correct, 2013.    Secretary Castro. Getting more business--    Secretary Castro. Again, getting more business was not the primary driver of our--    Secretary Castro. The primary drivers of our decision have been ensuring that we have a strong and growing Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund; and also, we think that everyday hardworking Americans deserve a shot to own a home in the United States, and that FHA has played a unique role in making that happen, and we are committed to it continuing to play--    Secretary Castro. I won't get into hypotheticals about the market except to say that I believe that it is very clear that we have produced results in terms of improving the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund, and we are committed to working with the committee to continue to strengthen the Fund.    Secretary Castro. We are going to continue to serve the unique market that we have served for 80 years now and this premium reduction helps ensure that we continue to strengthen the Fund, but at the same time, we make a home loan a little bit more affordable to everyday, hardworking Americans.    Secretary Castro. That is correct.    Secretary Castro. We have a significant market share.    Secretary Castro. Congressman, thanks for the question. I think you and I may have a different way of looking at this. If you are talking about the amount of insurance in force, then it is certainly true that I believe that is over $1 trillion now.    Secretary Castro. And as I mentioned in the conversation, we saw FHA play its traditional--    Secretary Castro. We are going to continue to serve the market that FHA was created by statute to serve.    Secretary Castro. Yes, the goal that we have is to ensure--    Secretary Castro. Not at all. I think that confuses the case. I think that is just a confused way of looking at this. The fact is that we have $46 billion in cash reserves right now. There has not been a time--    Secretary Castro. There has not been a time at FHA where--    Secretary Castro. There has not been a time--    Secretary Castro. They are not on the hook for that because that has not been presented in terms of claims, and so the fact is--    Secretary Castro. I am not going to address a hypothetical that has--    Secretary Castro. We have taken steps to continue to be fiscally prudent. Perhaps we just have a different view of whether the government has any role. I believe that it does. I believe that it is important, and we have seen at times when the private sector did not serve this unique market, and FHA has done so.    Secretary Castro. Carol Galante was the previous FHA--    Secretary Castro. She is not. As of November, she is no longer there.    Secretary Castro. Yes, if your question, Congressman, was about risk-sharing--    Secretary Castro. --and we indicated earlier that that is a dialogue that we are willing to have.    Secretary Castro. We have a default rate of less than 10 percent. It has improved over the last couple of years. We also have seen our serious delinquencies, which refer to 90-day delinquencies, drop by 27 percent since 2013, because 2013 and 2014 have been some of our strongest books.    Secretary Castro. That is a great question. And in fact, and I want to thank, in part, the committee--    Secretary Castro. There is a long process before that happens. In fact, I think, to the credit of FHA, and in part, to the committee, we have improved our loss mitigation process.    Secretary Castro. So we work with folks through housing counseling, and through other measures to try and avoid default.    Secretary Castro. Not everybody who goes into serious delinquency loses his or her home.    Secretary Castro. I would just disagree with the premise of your question.    Secretary Castro. I think the answer to that is that it varies. Sometimes those homes are sold, and somebody new moves in, and so you have a variety of experiences out there in terms of what happens under the circumstance.    Secretary Castro. I would say that, first of all, if they are in that neighborhood, the chances are that those responsible home buyers went through FHA, because we have been doing our work.    Secretary Castro. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to address that, Congressman. I do know that this is an issue that has been quite the subject of debate and conversation. Of course, as you know, these loan limits are set by Congress, and so FHA is working within the loan limits that have been set by Congress. We believe that they are workable loan limits that do help us meet our mission to serve lower-income and moderate-income hardworking families. And so we realize there is a conversation happening in Congress, but that is set by you all.    Secretary Castro. We are always willing to work with Congress on this issue, and other issues, of course. But we believe that we are meeting our mission right now, and with the loan limits we have in place, and as has been brought up, there has been a lot of talk about ruining neighborhoods, or other things. That is not FHA. The FHA has been lending with strong underwriting to responsible folks throughout its history with this 3, 3.5 percent downpayment for 50 years. And so I just want to put that very clearly on the record and let you know that I credit the committee with some of the work it has done in the past to help us strengthen the MMI Fund and we look forward to continuing to work with you to do that.    Secretary Castro. We are at FHA serving the market that we are intended to serve, folks who are lower- and moderate-income folks. I can't say that there is a numerical target for that. There is a range that exists.    Secretary Castro. I would say that it sets it, but not in the context of the FHA. What we want to do with FHA is, first of all, ensure that a borrower is qualified and if a borrower is qualified within the loan limits that had been statutorily passed down to FHA, then we are going to loan to that borrower. Does it make sense to look at those loan limits from time to time? Congress has certainly done that. We are comfortable with the loan limits where they are, but are always open to a conversation with you all about that in the future.