    Mr. Beatty. Thank you.    Good morning, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Bill Beatty. For the past 30 years I have worked as an attorney in the securities division of the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions, and since 2010, I have served as the department's securities director.    I am also a member of the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), having served as the Association's president from 2014 to 2015. Since October of 2015, I have served as Chair of NASAA's Committee on Small Business Capital Formation.    My many years in securities regulation have led me to the inescapable conclusion that successful capital formation must include robust investor protection. I am honored to testify before the subcommittee today on these four legislative proposals.    The first bill, the Private Placement Improvement Act, limits the SEC's authority to revise filing requirements for Regulation D. As we know, Title II repealed the longstanding prohibition on general solicitation and advertising under Rule 506. State securities regulators remain deeply concerned about the potential negative impact of these changes on investors.    When the SEC adopted these rules to implement Title II in 2013, it also voted on proposed rules that would mitigate the risk to ordinary investors in 506 offerings. These included requiring a prefiling of Form D when issuers intended to advertise and imposing penalties on issuers who failed to file Form D. Form D is crucial to State securities regulators like me because it is often the only information we can use to determine if an issuer is conducting an offering in compliance with a lawful exemption.    By prohibiting the SEC from adopting these commonsense investor reforms, the bill would tie the hands of the SEC to implement the few investor protections it has adopted or proposed in connection with Rule 506 and undercut the SEC's most promising efforts to gather data and additional information about the 506 marketplace. NASAA is strongly opposed to any action by Congress to diminish the ability of the SEC to address the risks to investors resulting from lifting the ban on general solicitation.    Finally, we take issue with the suggestions that filing of Form D is an onerous regulatory or compliance burden. Form D is a short form filed electronically. It captures 8 pages of information and is minimal, relative to the information in the issuer's offering documents.    Moving to the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act, which would amend section four of the Securities Act and also preempt State securities offerings, we remain--we are deeply concerned about this bill as well. Notwithstanding the title, the new exemption would not be limited to micro offerings. In fact, it would permit the raising of unlimited amounts of money.    The bill would not prohibit general solicitation, disqualify bad actors, limit offering amounts, or even permit notice filings to State or Federal regulators. It would not impose a holding period or other restrictions on resale of securities purchased under these new exemptions, making these offerings highly susceptible to price manipulation and pump-and-dump schemes.    The bill would also make the task of policing the unregistered securities marketplace much more difficult for securities regulators. The new exemption established by the bill would likely supplant Rule 506, but without the basic information provided in Form D.    Beyond these overarching concerns, each of the new safe harbors is discussed in my written comments.    Moving finally to the Fix Crowdfunding Act--proposing revisions to Title III, State securities regulators understand the theoretical basis for several of the proposed amendments and we do not necessarily oppose them. We also appreciate Congress' frustration that Federal crowdfunding has yet to take effect. It has been 4 years since the passage of the JOBS Act, and during that time dozens of States have adopted and implemented intrastate crowdfunding exemptions.    However, the critical point for Congress today is that there is no answer to the question of how to fix Federal crowdfunding because we do not yet know what will work, what won't work, or what the new marketplace will look like. There is no data whatsoever about Federal crowdfunding, and only limited data about what is working at the State level.    By contrast, several years from now there will be a wealth of data both from State and Federal crowdfunding regimes.    State securities regulators urge Congress to refrain from amending Title III of the JOBS Act at this time. We believe that to enact legislation at this point would be counterproductive and premature.    Instead, we urge Congress to closely monitor the implementation of Regulation CF, State crowdfunding exemptions, to conduct oversight and gather information about the new marketplace. With the coming implementation of Federal crowdfunding rules and with intrastate crowdfunding already available in the majority of States, we shall very soon learn whether and how these new capital-raising tools will be used.    Thank you again, Chairman Garrett and Ranking Member Maloney, for the opportunity to testify before the subcommittee today.    Mr. Beatty. I think that from my conversations with the lawyers in my community--I'm sorry.    Mr. Beatty. I'm sorry. I misheard.    Mr. Beatty. Yes, it is one--it is the main challenge I see.    Creating a substantial preexisting relationship is not a hard task. Certainly, we have seen it down through the years through SEC interpretations where an issuer can create a relationship to investors by dealing with a broker-dealer who has established a relationship.    More recently we have seen basically advice that seems to authorize the idea that a relationship could be established through an issuer questionnaire--    Mr. Beatty. Certainly.    Mr. Beatty. I think that makes it better. If the true purpose here is to create an offering for micro type of offerings, that already exists. Rule 504 has been around for decades, and allows offerings up to $1 million with a very simple filing.    I would also note that many States--almost all States that I am aware of--have specific small offering exemptions for these types of very small capital-raising, usually with a very minimal notice filing and very low fees.    Mr. Beatty. I think one of the main features of the Improvement Act would be to allow--would require only one filing of the Form D. Right now there is a requirement to file amendments, and of course, the proposed rules posited the idea of perhaps a prefiling in the case of a general solicitation.    The only data we have available to us in the State on these types of offerings is the Form D. And unlike the SEC, we look at them. We run the officers through databases; we check on who might be selling them.    We are concerned about these offerings, and many times they are conducted lawfully, but once in a while we will find something. And perhaps more importantly, if an investor is solicited and they are unaware of--have questions, they pick up the phone and they call us. And if the only thing that we can say is, ``Well, we don't have any information about this; you should be careful,'' that is really not providing a very good service to our constituents.    Mr. Beatty. There is currently no penalty for failure to file a Form D.    Mr. Beatty. No. I believe that the--I believe that there may have been one instance where the SEC might have taken action on the failure to file, but it is not--it is widely regarded as not an essential form to file, and I believe that in some places it is routinely not filed.    Mr. Beatty. Yes, that is correct. In our surveys, in terms of what types of action States are taking, and what they are--what is being reported to us in particular, 506 comes up, I believe, is the second-most popular thing that comes up. That is not surprising--    Mr. Beatty. More frequent, yes.    Mr. Beatty. Yes, right. And it is not--    Mr. Beatty. Yes. It is not the most--it is not surprising, given that it is the vehicle of choice for raising capital in this country.    Mr. Beatty. It is actually eight pages with three pages--    Mr. Beatty. Three pages of instructions, eight pages of questions and answers that need to be filled out.    Mr. Beatty. I think that certainly enforcement is a big part of what States do, and anything that hinders our ability to bring enforcement actions in the appropriate cases is problematic. I think that in the Rule 506 area we have long been preempted, since 1996, from requiring any type of--doing anything except getting a notice filing. And we certainly have fraud authority.    But the question is--to us is, we appreciate the fraud authority but enforcement actions take place when people have already lost money, have already been harmed, their retirement savings have taken a hit, maybe they can no longer send their children to--    Mr. Beatty. --to college.    Mr. Beatty. The current regime for 506 is a post-sale filing. If we are talking about the Micro Offering Act, that calls for no filings whatsoever with anybody.    Mr. Beatty. Certainly, that presents challenges, I think, from a regulatory aspect and a transparency access to allow all companies--    Mr. Beatty. Testing the waters, I think, is an idea that has been around for a long time and States have embraced it, many years ago in many respects. And if it is done properly, I don't think it imposes much by way of concern in terms of investor protection.    The things that we worry about in testing the waters is whether--is how open the communication will be in terms of will it be something that is, something that somebody says that is completely untrue? Is it not a good-faith effort to try and gauge interests but instead an effort to try and draw investors in a way that is inappropriate?    Protections that are put in place in terms of requiring a filing--some type of filing first, having some type of waiting time between the testing the waters communication and the actual offering--I think those are all good measures that help solve some of those problems.    Mr. Beatty. I think you have to start from the premise that the idea behind defining ``accredited investor'' and putting those limits in place was supposed to be a proxy for investor sophistication. Indeed, in many of the cases that we deal with nowadays, a fair percentage of the investors that we see who have been harmed are, indeed, accredited investors. So it is an imperfect proxy.    NASAA has long advocated for indexing--    Mr. Beatty. That has been posited, as well.    Mr. Beatty. Yes, it has also been put forth that that was meant to be an amount of money that--an amount of assets that--or net worth that they could absorb a loss.    Mr. Beatty. I think you need--    Mr. Beatty. I think that certainly from my organization's standpoint, we have long advocated for indexing those amounts to inflation. If they had been indexed, I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but I believe that it would be roughly two to two-and-a-half times what they are now.    Mr. Beatty. Okay. Other ideas that have been put forth questioning whether or not income or net worth is the appropriate standard also have been discussed, and I think there is some appeal to looking at things such as some type of liquidity factor that an investor might be held to, in terms of liquid assets, amounts in a portfolio, things like that.    Mr. Beatty. I think that a relatively small percentage of the Reg D filings that we see are utilizing general solicitation, and in the early history, no, there have not been much by way of reported complaints with regard to them.