    Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. A point of personal privilege, I would also like to welcome a guest. Trevana is here. A lot of us are wearing these blue ribbons. It is National Foster Care Week, and there are a lot of youth who have been in the foster care system who are shadowing a member of Congress today. So she is my shadow all day today.    So thanks for holding this hearing. I think it is really appropriate as we are talking about TPA and TPP to listen to how it affects our small businesses. And Mr. Messinger, I was noting that in one of the papers up here, I think it was The Hill, talked about the American Association of Manufacturers is against TPP because they feel like it has lost manufacturing or it will lose manufacturing jobs. So I was just going to ask you what you think should specifically be in this deal that would protect small businesses, particularly those who are in the manufacturing area. What would you like to see specifically in these deals for manufacturers that would make it a good deal?    Ms. HAHN. So what would you specifically like for us to pay attention to in these deals that would protect small businesses?    Ms. HAHN. Okay, thank you.    You know, I represent the Port of Los Angeles, the largest--along with Long Beach is the largest port complex in this country, and they are very good about having programs for small businesses. It is called Trade Connect, and they attempt to reach out to small businesses and educate, even handhold, talk about access to capital to allow small businesses to understand what it would mean to connect to the international trade industry. But Mr. Bieron, I was wondering, listening to you and talking about eBay and ecommerce, is that a model that we could or should update to educate small businesses in the intricacies of ecommerce? It is a good model but maybe it needs updating.    Ms. HAHN. And what exactly have you done to maybe get that word out to some of these Trade Connect programs that currently exist here?    Ms. HAHN. Great. Thank you very much.    I yield back.