    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Doctor and Mr. Tyler, thank you for being with us here today.    As you know, the FDA is moving toward its menu labeling final rule. Can you just talk about how that is going with stakeholders and where we are on meeting with the industry and stakeholders?    And also, you are supposed to give some kind of educational and technical assistance as well when there are some issues that came up in your meetings with stakeholders. And I hope you will allow in the end for a certain amount of the use of technology and innovations in allowing that to be involved here with menu labeling because some folks have concerns it could really put a mandate on some of these restauranteurs or grocery stores, and the technology and those innovations can be very helpful.    Mr. Young. Yes.    Mr. Young. Give me examples on the stakeholders.    Mr. Young. I mentioned grocery stores because a lot of the grocery stores have delis and they have restaurants within them.    Mr. Young. Thank you. I want to talk about industry usage of the internet and social media platforms when it comes to the guidance for pharmaceutical advertising. Early this year the FDA put out its guidance agenda for 2016, listing new and revised guidance. Give us an update on that. How is that going? And how is the FDA seeking stakeholder input on this as well?    Mr. Young. And I am not going to spell out the acronym, but we are talking about the social media advertising and promotional labeling of prescription drugs and medical devices.    Mr. Young. OK. Food safety training centers. Last week the FDA announced a grant for Iowa State University to establish the North Central Regional Center for Food Safety Training, Education, Extension, Outreach, and Technical Assistance.    Mr. Young. Another one. To comply with the Food Safety Modernization Act requirements, last year the FDA estimated it was $276 million short of what is needed to roll out the FSMA guidelines and regulations. And this time around, the administration proposed another $18 million increase in the fiscal year 2017 budget.    I am pleased the FDA selected Iowa State University. But can you talk about how funding for the FSMA could impact the goals and operations of not only this new center, but also the other centers as well?    Mr. Young. Thank you. I have a few more questions. I will wait till the next round. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just having a very important conversation.    My colleague, Ms. Pingree, was here and talking about antimicrobials. And you are asking for data from drug makers out there, and I wonder how that is going. Are you getting the information you need? What are you specifically looking for? And if you are not getting what you need, what do you need from us to help you out?    Mr. Young. Thank you. Keep us abreast of how this is going with data collection.    I want to try to get a timeline from the FDA on their draft guidance regarding animal drug compounding. And there is some concern that the FDA's draft guidance on compounding from bulk drug substance could complicate a veterinarian's ability to treat animals. And I wonder if you could address the timeline, and how you will incorporate changes reflecting the concerns of the stakeholders such as veterinarians?    Mr. Young. Thank you for being here, both of you. Thank you for your service. I appreciate it.    Mr. Young. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Acting Administrator Starmer, I want to thank you for allowing Arthur Neal to come out a few weeks ago to the Third District and participate in an agriculture transportation roundtable. He's a great representative for the USDA and the     Two thoughts here, one, Pork the Other White Meat lawsuit. I hope the USDA is working with the pork producers on this ongoing suit. My understanding is a settlement is being discussed. And I'm not sure who in the industry is speaking for the pork industry, but I'm hearing a lot of voices back home that their voices aren't being heard. And so, I just want to make sure that you're reaching out to the pork producers to be part of the settlement discussions at least.    Mr. Young. OK, because many of the producers are wondering who is representing them in this settlement, in this lawsuit and who is speaking for them because they do not feel like their voice is heard.    Second issue here--and the Chairman touched on this--and that's about the avian influenza, the bird flu. In Iowa it was 31 million chickens, turkeys, backyard flocks. And we had some lessons learned about how we go forward to address these and put them into action.    One thing that was very concerning to folks on the ground in Iowa was the lack of communication and the length of time it took to dispose of birds; and the reimbursement process, they said, was slow. How are you working to implement the lessons learned. This was one of the biggest viral outbreaks in livestock to date that we really know of.    How do we go forward with this and streamline the communication problems and put those lessons learned into action? What are you doing to help rectify this?    Mr. Young. One final note. The Homeland Security subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness recently had a hearing on agro-terrorism. Witnesses called for increased scrutiny of imports to prevent diseases such as foot-and-mouth disease or African Swine Fever from entering the country.    Can you talk about how APHIS determines whether a foreign site visit is warranted?    Mr. Young. And do you work in partnership with the FDA these risk assessments and these inspections abroad?    Mr. Young. Thank you for your testimony and coming for us today and your service. I yield back.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Under Secretary Taylor, it is good to see you. Congratulations on your new role. As Mr. Yoder pointed out, you are an Iowan. Of course I like that.    Administrator Dolcini, I want to talk to you about, and Mr. Yoder also mentioned, what is going on in agriculture. In Iowa, incomes are down about a third. Yields are great though. Inputs are high. Commodity prices are low, and you look at the land prices, too, and how they are adjusting one way or another and more in ways down.    There are many farmers who are frustrated by the high CRP rate. I want to talk about that. They say they can get more money from rolling in CRP than to farm the ground. Some feel like they are competing with the government at times, that the government may be putting them out of business.    Livestock producers are concerned as well specifically because diluted due to CRP, some of the operations run into lack of grazing and pasture land. As you know, this seems to be a systemic issue.    We have seen the cycle before as commodity and land prices decline. NRCS adjusts their rental rates, as you know. It lags the land market and takes some time to catch up.    So a question for you. When FSA looks at rental rate annually, those rates are not always adjusted. Will you please share how often the FSA is reviewing or re-evaluating CRP rates and plans, and what causes you to act and when?    Mr. Young. What is the longest period of time you have waited until you have adjusted it?    Mr. Young. In any way do you also have data detailing the economic impact that this program has on some of the communities?    Mr. Young. We will contact them. Thank you.    But jumping to another topic, Administrator, access to capital is one of the most significant barriers that beginning farmers face when they are looking to start a career in farming. FSA direct farm loans provide a crucial source of capital for beginning farmers. In light of the increasing age of farmers, we need new farmers to come in.    Tell me about the 17 percent increase for direct operating loans that is included in your budget request. Why do you need more money and tell me about the importance of this funding.    Mr. Young. Thank you for that.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield, but before that I want to thank my Ranking Member for allowing me to be part of this.    Thank you for your kindness to me, this our last hearing, that you have shown me as a new Member. Thank you for your sage wisdom and advice and about how to put this all in perspective.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Young. We are not looking for you to go anywhere any time soon.