    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here.    You have gotten a lot of leading questions and cross-examination from my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, so obviously they want to see what you are made of and how tough you are in taking these questions. The trouble is their questions are, sort of, out of ``Alice in Wonderland,'' through the looking glass.    If you look at the report that you have given to us today and just start with Exhibit 1, where it shows that in 2005, 2006, and 2007, FHA made very few of the mortgages or endorsed very few of the mortgages--it was all in the private sector. But they failed miserably, the toxic assets there. And this was all under the Bush Administration, I would remind my friends. Then the only game in town, starting in 2009, was FHA.    Is that sort of what Exhibit 1 shows?    Mr. Perlmutter. Because the private sector either was wiped out because they made so many lousy loans or they were too afraid to be in the market at that time. So FHA, as the backstop, was the only thing available. Is that right?    Mr. Perlmutter. I think I will do some cross-examining--I will lead you, too.    Mr. Perlmutter. So looking, then, to kind of the subject that we are all talking about, you want to lower some of your fees, because, if you look at Exhibit 8, which is credit scores, in 2008 almost 50 percent of the loans endorsed by FHA at that time were less than 619 FICO score. Okay?    Today, October to December of 2014, only 2.3 percent. So 25 times more in 2008 than today. Today, in 2014, 48 percent of the loans the FICO score is over 680, compared to 18 percent back in 2008.    So you are making loans to--at least, buyers on paper, by their FICO score, are much better borrowers--pardon me, ``borrowers'' is what I meant.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay.    And we can see, as we go through these exhibits, especially exhibits 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18, delinquencies are way down compared to 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Perlmutter. They are about one-tenth of what they were.    Mr. Perlmutter. All right.    So the one that I really want to focus on, which goes to the solvency and the productivity of this program, is Exhibit 2-8. It is on page 40. Or, pardon me, 2-7, book value by cohort.    If you look at that--and I would suggest to my friends on the Republican side of the aisle that they do that--the book value of the FHA loans under the Bush Administration was terribly in the red; before, under the Clinton Administration, just barely positive; under the Bush Administration, deeply in the red--broke, if you will. And since the Obama Administration took over, now very valuable in terms of the book value.    Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay.    So what you are trying to do now is you are working towards fulfilling that capital-reserve requirement. You are not doing it overnight, but you are doing it steadily, and every year you are adding to that. But you have limited many of your borrowers to these very high credit scores. Wouldn't you say that is fair to say?    Mr. Perlmutter. So you are in a position now--with a stronger economy than we had in 2006, 2007, 2008, the end of the Bush Administration; you have strong borrowers, where the bulk of your borrowers are above 680 now--to be able to move forward with another mandate that you have, which is to provide funds for responsible borrowers and to move affordable housing forward where possible.    Mr. Perlmutter. Isn't that what you want to do? Isn't that what this is all about?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you.    I yield back.