    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Austin, I want to switch to the topic of combat search and rescue . And I was retired colonel A-10 pilot but also ran the Joint Search and Rescue Center for CENTCOM Forward for JTF-SWA in the early days of the Afghanistan operations.    And my concern is, with our operations in Iraq and Syria, I have been hearing from some colleagues that we have limitations on the combat search and rescue. The Jordanian pilot, as you know, has strategic implications with how he was murdered in a horrific way.    And we have got our pilots flying single-engine F-16s into Iraq and Syria today. And in order to make sure that if they have to eject, even if they are not shot down, that we have somebody overhead right away, on-scene commander and then somebody else right behind them to immediately locate, communicate, and protect them, shoot anything that moves, that comes anywhere near them, in that geography you can't hide. It takes a very robust capability of ground-alert assets, airborne-alert assets.    The A-10, which I flew, is the only one that provides a rescue mission commander, SANDY One and SANDY Two, to be able to get to them and then the helicopter should go in and get them. And we have got to snatch them right away, as you know, because if they get picked up then it is disastrous consequences, not just for them and their family but strategically for our country. Can you imagine if we had now an American pilot that is the next one captured?    So I know you know this is a challenge, but my question is, and I am asking for a classified briefing, what was the CSAR posture when we first started flying sorties there and specifically when the Jordanian pilot ejected, and has it changed since then? And are you limited at all from the arbitrary 3,100-person boots-on-the-ground cap by this administration to make sure that we have a posture that provides what I just described; that we have a covenant with those that are flying sorties are on the ground; that we are going to go get them, that we are going to rescue them.    I have concerns from talking to my colleagues in the military that there is a pretty damning after-action report from the Jordanian pilot situation, and I am deeply concerned that we don't have the combat search and rescue capability.    Also, if you only have 12 A-10s over there and they are the only ones that can do the SANDY mission plus close air support, why don't we bring more over? What are your limitations? What can we do moving forward?    General Austin. Let me assure you, Congresswoman, that I won't put one pilot in the air if I don't feel like I have the adequate means to recover those pilots. In working with my senior airmen and my air component, I think they have done a masterful job of ensuring that we have adequate coverage in a number of places to address our CSAR issues.    As you know, we have forward-deployed CSAR capabilities currently, and we also are looking to perhaps put CSAR capability in other places, like Turkey, and we continue to work that.    So I am confident that we have the adequate means to take care of our pilots, and if I feel that the risk has increased to the point where I need to, we will put CSAR assets in the air while the mission is being conducted. And we have done that and we will continue to do that.    Ms. McSally. So you feel that there is no limitations right now? You have this CSAR posture that you need in order to make sure that we can rescue anybody who has to eject?    General Austin. I think we have adequate CSAR capability. In this business, as you know, there is no such thing as enough, and so if I can get more, I will get more.    And if I can position assets in Turkey, and we believe we can, we will move forward and do that.    Ms. McSally. Okay. And is the 3,100 boots-on-the-ground limitation impacting at all bringing in a more robust CSAR capability forward-deployed to make sure that we can be true to that covenant?    General Austin. I think we have adequate capability to take care of our troops with what we have on the ground and what we can potentially put into other places. I think that will increase that capability.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great.    Again, for the record, I would like a very detailed classified briefing on the CSAR posture and that after-action report on the Jordanian pilot. And I look forward to working with your staff to further discuss this important issue.    General Austin. We look forward to providing you that, ma'am. And by the way, in response to your point that you made earlier about a damning report, after-action report, I know of no such report.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. I look forward to following up with you, then.    Thank you.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Let me touch on a couple things that we haven't quite gotten to yet today: One is Yemen. General, for several years now we have heard that the most serious threat against our homeland, as far as terrorism goes, has emanated from Yemen, with Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . How do you evaluate that threat today, and what effect does the overthrow of government there have on our counterterrorism operations to diminish that threat?    General Austin. I will take the first stab at this, sir, and if Ms. Wormuth wants to contribute then certainly, with your permission, I will ask her to do so.    Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, we have always said, is a very significant threat or a serious threat. We know that there are folks in that organization that have tried to export violence to our homeland, and so we remain focused on this extremist organization and we feel that there is a need to keep pressure on it.    We have found that over the years, not only in Yemen but in other places around the region and across the globe, that the best way to counter these types of threats is to limit the amount of ungoverned spaces that they have available to operate out of. And so the more that we can do to help train and equip and advise host nations to control their own sovereign spaces, the less of an opportunity that there is for these organizations to export mischief to other places.    Also, their ability to counter--host nations' ability to counter these types of threats, I think, is also important. So what we have done over the years is when we had a viable government in place that was willing to work with us, we have worked with them to increase their capability so that they can do more to control their own sovereign spaces. And that certainly has helped us in countering some of the extremist organizations.    In addition to that, you also obviously have to keep pressure on the organization, making sure that you understand what is going on with the organization and that where possible, you bring, you know, key operatives to justice when that opportunity is presented.    The Chairman. Yeah, but General, let me go back and try again. Today, what is the threat like from AQAP in Yemen against our homeland? Is it still serious?    And secondly, what effect has the overthrow of the government had on our ability to diminish that threat?