    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I just want to echo my colleague, that we don't have oil and gas wells in New Hampshire where I am from, but we do have, in the rural communities, particularly bioenergy is a very big piece for us. We burn a lot of wood and wood chips, and that is a big growing industry for my timber interests.    So I am interested in the siting issues, since we do have siting issues. And in particular, in New Hampshire right now, across the southern tier of my district, is the proposal for a very substantial natural gas pipeline. And this will be coming from the Marcellus Shale gas from Pennsylvania. It terminates in Dracut, Massachusetts. And if you know your New England geography, you might wonder why it goes to New Hampshire. And that is what we all are wondering now as well. It is proposed to cross 18 towns in my district. But we won't actually get the benefit of it.    So, not surprisingly, I have homeowners and community leaders very worked up about this pipeline. They are very, very concerned. And particularly not just environmental issues, it crosses back and forth in beautiful rivers and streams and protected areas. And it is not very well laid out, let me say.    So I am dealing with a lot of concern. But much more importantly for me it is a public safety issue for my communities. And in particular, I want to ask Representative Causer, because I know you have a background as a emergency service provider. So here is the situation: and these are very small towns, by the way. These are towns of 7,000 people. These are volunteer fire departments, so just to set the stage for what I am concerned about. And in particular, a compressor station in a town called New Ipswich that I have been to. Right next door to the elementary school is where it is proposed with children from kindergarten through 4th grade. So I just want to ask you--and thank you all for your public service. I think most of you have served the public in your various roles.    In this situation where the town does not have the appropriate resources to respond to a blow-down or venting or other incidents that might occur, what would you recommend? Do you think this is a smart place to put this compressor station? What would you recommend in rural communities with the volunteer first responders, how we would respond to a major incident?    And, by the way, just to give you a sense, this is probably 40 miles from any kind of substantial first responders in Manchester or Keene, New Hampshire.    Ms. Kuster. Are they typically further from an elementary school, that just didn't make any sense to me at all. Would they typically be located----    Ms. Kuster. That was going to be my question. So the industry that pays--I mean, because this is the other problem, is these are taxpayers. They are trying to have good schools. They are trying to do other things with their tax dollars. And as I said, they are not going to benefit from this installation. Tell me a little bit more--and I only have 10 seconds--for the impact fee.    Ms. Kuster. So the challenge for us, we don't have the wells. But I will have to look into it further.    So I yield back. And thank you.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Crawford, 5 minutes.