    Mr. Sampler. You are very kind.    Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Members Deutch and Sherman, and members of the subcommittees, thank you for inviting me to discuss the administration's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for the U.S. Agency for International Development's assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is again an honor to appear before you with Rick Olson, the special representative.    I too will begin my testimony by recognizing the sacrifices made by our sons and daughters and their families in the military and in the civilian agencies who have served and sometimes died in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Their tireless efforts alongside those of our allies, as well as of our Pakistan and Afghan brothers and sisters, make our work today possible. I have also submitted written testimony for the record that gives considerable detail about the work that USAID has done and expects to continue. But in the interest of time, I will summarize.    USAID's mission is to partner to end extreme poverty and promote resilient Democratic societies, while advancing America's own security and prosperity. I can think of no other region in the world today where this mission is more relevant.    The President's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for Afghanistan and Pakistan reflects our Nation's efforts to advance political stability and economic prosperity, which will further strengthen and advance our peaceful partnerships with both countries.    Over the past several years, with vital support from Congress, we have taken firm steps to ensure that our assistance in the region is more efficient, more effective, and impactful. No one, least of all me, will say that our work in these two complex countries is easy or without challenges. Wracked with conflict and instability for much of the last three decades, the region remains one of the least economically integrated in the world, with the majority of its human capital and economic potential still untapped.    Despite the challenges, on behalf of the American people, we have accomplished a great deal. There is a growing understanding and appreciation of our support in the communities where USAID's programs have had an impact. USAID has worked to increase awareness of our assistance, for example, in Pakistan. Our most recent polling data showed that an awareness of U.S. assistance among Pakistani citizens has increased over the 3 years from 34 percent to 47 percent.    Whether it is a shop owner in Lahore, whose sales have increased because of more reliable electricity, a result to USAID's efforts to add over 2,300 megawatts of electricity to the grid; or whether it is an Afghan seed provider who now, because of USAID programs, is linked to specialty baking industries around the world, millions of people in the region have longer life spans, increased access to health and education, improved economic opportunities and brighter futures because of America's assistance in their countries.    Sustainable development will require the regions leaders to make some hard and fundamental choices. Our assistance programs act as catalysts and incentive to promote that change and are delivering measurable results that contribute to this potential transformation. The Fiscal Year 2017 request reflects our continued push toward expanding progress that will build local capacity in facilitating private sector growth, access to essential social services, and transparent governance that, in the long term, can undermine the support for insurgent groups and help stabilize the region.    There are inherent risks in doing business in many parts of the world where USAID operates. But USAID around the world prioritizes the effective and accountable use of taxpayer dollars. There is no acceptable level of fraud, waste, or abuse in any of our programs. All of our projects receive proper monitoring and oversight, and we adjust our efforts as necessary to respond to dynamic security and operational environments where we work.    In addition to standard oversight procedures and measures implemented worldwide, specifically in Afghanistan and Pakistan, our project managers rely on multiple data sources to provide information on the progress and the effectiveness of USAID activities. We triangulate this information to determine whether adjustments to programming are required. We have also taken specific measures to prevent funds from being diverted from their development purpose to malign actors. Since 2011, our vetting efforts in Afghanistan have kept over $660 million from being awarded to organizations who did not meet our vetting standards.    As USAID looks to 2017 and beyond, the agency is committed to making every effort to ensure that our programs in Afghanistan and Pakistan are sensible, sustainable, and developmentally sound. And we will continue to support our national security objectives in this complex but important part of the world. It is an honor to be able to share with you today a small glimpse of what USAID is doing in that regard.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Sampler. Yeah, please. The--very specifically, $50 million in Fiscal Year 2015 in previous year money is allocated specifically to helping the Afghans address this issue. I would define the issue as having two components that they have to address. The most fundamental, of course, is growing their economy. If there is a silver lining in this issue, it is that the pressure on the economy is being driven by 200,000 young Afghans graduating from high school and entering the job force every year. That is a positive thing, but only if there can be jobs made available for them.    So this $50 million is intended to help grow the economy through internship programs, which will allow some of these students to move straight from high school into employment, as well as the National Solidarity Programme that the Afghans themselves have designed to generate employment and economic growth across the country.    Second point I will make that they also have to address is strategic communications. If young Afghans graduating from high school now with critical thinking skills, access to the Internet, and understanding that there is a bigger world out there, which they didn't have in the past, that understanding, that access, and that critical thinking is going to lead them to make very hard decisions about do they stay or do they go. So the Afghans must do a better job at messaging to their own young age bulging population that there are prospects for you to stay in Afghanistan.    Mr. Sampler. Congressman, just to your specific question about how do we ensure this doesn't affect our programming, our programs are very aggressively monitored and overseen. We asked our own inspector general, in fact, to create a hotline, and there is now the equivalent of a 1-800 number in Pakistan that implementing partners, suppliers, and even Pakistani citizens, are encouraged to use. It was intended to use that hotline to report on our own programming, but it has become much broader, and this anticorruption hotline is actually quite popular in Pakistan.    I am reasonably confident the programming we are doing is not just safeguarding our own programs, but it is serving as an example to the government and the governments within Pakistan as well.    Mr. Sampler. Congressman, thank you for the question. At the macro level, I would say that virtually all of our programs are working to address the root causes of these issues because all of our problems are working to advance Pakistan and Afghanistan civil society to a level of self awareness and self respect where this kind of behavior isn't tolerated. The United States doesn't have the ability or the authority to go into either of these countries and police this sort of inappropriate and illegal behavior. What we have to do is build communities and then institutions within the state that can on their own and in an appropriate way police this sort of inappropriate behavior.    There are two things I will talk about that actually I think are having a direct impact. One is the connectivity, particularly in Afghanistan, but also in Pakistan, where rural women in particular now have access to cell phone technology that they didn't have 10 years ago. This is partly just because of the advances made and the decrease in price of cell technology. But USAID is helping civil society learn to use this technology in ways to integrate at-risk populations, whether it be women or children.    The second point is our support of rule of law and making sure that women and at-risk populations have both access to rule of law and then an understanding and advocates who can help them make use of those systems of rule of law.