    Ms. Yeung. Thank you for allowing me to testify before you today. I lead the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum, the country's only multi-issue organization dedicated to building a movement for social justice and human rights for Asian American and Pacific Islander women and girls in the United States. On behalf of NAPAWF and the dozens of women's rights reproductive justice and civil rights groups that stand with me, I strongly urge the Members of this Congress to oppose the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act of 2016.    This bill represents a duplicitous attempt to address racial and gender discrimination, while actually intending to chip away at abortion rights. Not only does this legislation call into question a woman's motives for seeking abortion care, it is especially punishing in the precedent it would set, forcing doctors to scrutinize a woman because of her race or ethnicity. The decision to seek abortion care should be up to a woman with her doctor and her family, not politicians. The majority of Americans support this value, and believe that a woman knows what is best for her and her family.    In a 2015 poll by Hart Research Associates, 65 percent Americans say that Congress should not be spending time debating and passing a sex selective abortion ban. I encourage Members of the Subcommittee to support racial equality in a real way, by addressing healthcare disparities in communities of color, and protecting the sanctity of the doctor/patient relationship by supporting open, honest communication with one's medical provider.    This bill forces doctors to act as police interrogators in the exam room, ultimately making women more reluctant to share their personal experiences for fear of their private information being made public. When medically accurate, safe, and nonjudgmental patient counseling is taken away, women, especially those most vulnerable to domestic violence or trafficking, lose the chance to get the help she needs.    This bill perpetuates the offensive stereotype that Black women are unable to make reproductive health decisions for their own families. It accuses Black women of being irresponsible and worse, intentionally deselecting babies who share their own race. Black women choose abortion care more often than other communities do because of a well-documented, disproportionate lack of access to contraception. This legislation does nothing to address the root causes of unintended pregnancies or historically rooted inequalities within these communities.    In February of 2016, Black women leaders came together in solidarity to affirm Black women's autonomy, and reject legislation like PRENDA that relies on racist claims about Black mothers. In their own words, Monica Raye Simpson, director of the Trust Black Women Partnership said, ``Bans on abortion based on race rely on anti-Black and anti-immigrant stereotypes about women of color, and constitutes a direct assault on Black motherhood.    We must remember that this legislation has its origins in the billboards put up here in Atlanta and around the country attacking Black mothers and stigmatizing our decisions about pregnancy, billboards we fought and successfully saw removed.'' Alicia Garza, cofounder of Black Lives Matter said, ``We absolutely have to make sure that reproductive justice, and reproductive freedom is part of the narrative of what it takes to make Black lives matter.''    Women of color already face difficulties accessing health care and have poorer health outcomes. Black women are more likely to die from preventable pregnancy related causes than White women, and their unintended pregnancy rate is higher than any other ethnic or racial group. Vietnamese women are five times more likely to die from cervical cancer than White women. High levels of poverty already prevent Asian American women and other women of color from accessing health care every day. Unfortunately, PRENDA would make healthcare outcomes for women of color even worse.    This legislation also perpetuates the offensive stereotype that Asian American families do not value the lives of their girl children, while also not addressing the issue of sex selection by ignoring substantive policy to alleviate the root causes of son preference or gender inequity. While sex selection is an issue abroad, the U.S. is not China or India. In the U.S. researchers have found that there is not a widespread issue and, in fact, Asian Americans are actually having more girls on average than White Americans are.    Gender inequity cannot be solved by banning abortion. An interagency U.N. statement addressing sex selection and gender discrimination clearly explains that countries, ``Have an obligation to ensure that these injustices,'' meaning son preference, ``are addressed without exposing women to the risk of death or serious injury by denying them access to needed services, such as safe abortion.'' Aruna Papp, the Canadian advocate, cited in the findings, concurs with this opinion, and has submitted written testimony opposed to PRENDA for the harm it will do to women.    Asian American and Pacific Islander women know that gender inequities do exist and are working in culturally competent ways to provide long-term, sustainable solutions. NAPAWF and others are working with members of our own community to empower women and girls, thereby challenging norms and transforming values. We cannot help women by taking away women's rights. We cannot eliminate racism by relying on racist assumptions.    I welcome all Members of Congress to pass legislation that truly results in racial justice and gender equality. Thank you.    Ms. Yeung. Thank you for that question. This has a chilling effect on relationships between doctors and patients. I want to lift up the testimony submitted by members of the healthcare providers who wrote, ``PRENDA is written so broadly that a patient's simple comments, 'we hope it is a girl,' could put a health professional at risk of incarceration should they not report the conversation to law enforcement.''    I believe, and I have members who have testified, that this leads to racial profiling in the office, that they feel judged when they walk into the doctor's office. And that is not the kind of care that we need. Ultimately, you cannot talk about abortion rights without talking about women. And I want to lift up that there are women in this room who have chosen to have abortions. Women choose to have abortions. And we have to trust women in each of their own decisions. Criminalizing doctors punishes women. There is no doubt about it.    Ms. Yeung. That is right. In the international context, all the experts have documented that lifting the status, the economic and social status of women and girls addresses the root causes of gender inequity, which cause son preference.    To your first point, I do want to enter record that, you know, after the first time we had this conversation in 2011, there was research in the Asian American community where we polled over 6,000 Asian Americans speaking in 10 different Asian languages, that is disaggregatable by top API ethnicities.    And so, to your answer, who prefers sons? About 4 percent of Asian Americans overall. Who prefers girls? About 4 percent of Asian Americans overall. And who has no preference at all? 91 percent. And plus or minus 7 is the kind of, you know, range in this research.    The reality is it is a racist stereotype against Asian Americans that we have a preference for girls or boys.    Ms. Yeung. No. I mean, again, we have to trust women. Women are an important part of this equation that has gotten lost in this conversation. You cannot help women by taking her rights away, just fundamentally is nonsensical. Instead, I think this Committee has so many opportunities to do a lot of work to lift up women's rights. Today is the fight for 15. We know that one in three Asian American women make less than $15 an hour. That would be a significant improvement in a woman's life.    Ms. Yeung. Health care access is an enormously important issue, and close to my heart. I think culturally competent accessible care, including comprehensive reproductive health care is a necessity for our communities, and one that women of color have always led the fight for. I want to quote a statement by the National Political Congress of Black Women in 1989.    They said, ``We understand why African American women risked their lives then, and why they seek safe legal abortions now. It has been a matter of survival. Hunger and homelessness, inadequate housing and income to properly provide for themselves and their children. Family instability, rape, incest, abuse, too young, too old, too sick, too tired, emotional, physical, mental, economic, social; the reasons for not carrying a pregnancy to term are endless and varied, personal, urgent, and private. And for all these pressing reasons, African American women, once again, will be among the first force to risk their lives if abortion is made illegal.''    Ms. Yeung. May I comment on that?    Ms. Yeung. There are 25 minutes. I would like to make a comment, if you would, Chairman.    Ms. Yeung. What is the role of women in this conversation?    Ms. Yeung. Black women are not the genocidal actors. You are accusing Black women of murdering their own people.