    Dr. Pillai. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member Castor and members of the subcommittee. I'm Dr. Segaran Pillai, director of the Office of Laboratory Science and Safety within the Office of the Commissioner at the FDA within the Department of Health and Human Services.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss FDA's efforts to ensure the safety and security of our laboratories and the people who work in them. FDA's laboratories provide a critical role in fulfilling FDA's regulatory mission.    FDA's laboratories, like all laboratories, must comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local safety requirements.    To ensure this, the agency is deeply committed to ensuring compliance with relevant laws and regulations through a combination of training, issuance of specific policies and procedures, appropriate oversight by the safety offices in the centers and by fostering an agency wide culture of safety and security in our laboratories.    Upon discovery of the vials of Variola at an FDA laboratory located on the NIH campus in July of 2014, the FDA commissioner established the Laboratory Safety Practices and Policy working group.    The goal of the work group was to lead a careful and deliberate review of FDA's biosafety and biosecurity programs and to identify and implement methods to improve laboratory safety practices across the agency.    One of the first key actions of the working group was to complete a clean sweep, a full visual audit of all storage areas and laboratories. The vast majority of the FDA's roughly 670,000 vials of samples were properly stored.    However, there were two instances where select agents were improperly stored in secured locations. In both cases, the CDC's division for select agents and toxins was notified and the materials were destroyed.    In May of 2015 members of the advisory committee to the director of CDC's External Laboratory Safety working group conducted a thorough onsite review of the FDA's laboratory safety policies and procedures.    During this three-day visit, the work group met with key FDA officials to discuss the circumstances surrounding the discovery of the Variola samples on the NIH campus and review the policy elements of biosecurity and inventory control, laboratory safety training programs, laboratory security operations as well as the compliance programs.    The resulting report released in July the 10th, 2015 contained eight observations that included a total of 30 recommendations. We have implemented many of those recommendations and are making steady progress on the remaining recommendations that resulted from the review in order to build and strengthen FDA's comprehensive laboratory safety and security program.    In addition, FDA continues to work diligently to centralize appropriate laboratory safety practices including standardizing policies, procedures and defining inventory policies and audit procedures.    To gauge the cultural safety at FDA, we held a series of 13 focus groups with laboratory staff throughout the agency. The focus of the focus groups was to raise safety awareness and identify trends and risk areas.    Accountability, safety culture, communication and training were identified at critical areas by the focus groups. One of the key findings was in general staff was not afraid of reprisal if they were to report safety-related issues or concerns.    FDA is also planning additional ways to engage laboratory staff in a variety of settings including focus groups, town hall meetings and other forums to provide a positive and productive outlet for employees to communicate their thoughts and ideas for improving safety and security at the FDA laboratories.    An integral way to promote cultural safety and security and ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements is through training. FDA is in the process of implementing a core curriculum for biosafety and biosecurity training for all FDA personnel working in the biomedical research laboratories.    This cross cutting agency work safety training program will instill and strengthen a culture of safety and compliance throughout the agency.    In addition to the above, FDA also issued a new agency wide inventory control and management policy for biological agents and toxins.    Using a central electronic inventory control and management system will allow the agency to provide efficient oversight of all biological agents and toxins located at the centers and offices.    The recommendations from both the Laboratory Safety working group and GAO reports further validates our strategic approach and provides essential feedback for FDA as we continue to enhance our laboratory safety and security practices and policies.    The Government Accounting Offices reported that as of December 2015, FDA has met five of the six elements and policies for managing biological agents in the high-containment laboratories.    Although FDA's currently policy did not provide for laboratory incidents to be reported to the senior agency officials, incident reporting does occur within each of the FDA centers and offices and an analysis of the root cause is performed annually.    I'm also working closely with the FDA's safety offices to develop a more comprehensive reporting mechanism to capture laboratory accidents, incidents, near misses and laboratory-acquired infections.    This new reporting mechanism will be implemented in the coming months and will require all centers and offices to report all such events to my office.    The FDA's Office of Laboratory Science and Safety will establish an official FDA wide policy and work with the HHS biosafety and biosecurity coordinating council to recommend appropriate criteria and procedures for reporting incidents to the HHS leadership in a timely manner.    Since the discovery of the vials of Variola, FDA senior officials have taken direct and definitive actions to improve FDA's laboratory safety and security policies, practices and to foster a culture of safety and security across the agency.    I want to assure you that FDA stands fully committed to enhancing the safety and security to protect both our staff and the public. No regulations or guidelines can ensure safe----    Dr. Pillai . Applied toward daily activities. Individuals and organizational commitment to the cultural safety influences all aspects of safe and secure laboratory practices.    This includes a willingness to report incidents and concerns, apply lessons learned and ensure timely communications of potential risk as well as the ability to respond to an incident judiciously.    Dr. Pillai. Safety in the laboratory involves experience and knowledge gained over time and how to recognize and minimize risk and control assets. As we share and apply this critical knowledge to our daily activities we are confident that the level of risk will decrease and the goal of reducing risk to the lowest possible level.    Thank you very much for----    Dr. Pillai. I'll be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Pillai. So as you mentioned, it's fairly a new office that we are trying to stand up at the current time. We have actually worked out this for the division and planned a mission for the office and have actually pulled together a budget and we have put in the budget request to our senior leadership, the Office of Operations, to the Office of the Commissioner, and both of those offices are working diligently to ensure that we get the necessary budget support needed to stand up the office.    The request that we have proposed was $2.8 million to basically staff with 14 members to ensure that we can address all the safety and security-related issues at FDA.    Dr. Pillai. Absolutely.    Dr. Pillai. At the current time I report to the Office of the Chief Scientist and to the Commissioner through the Office of the chief scientist. The external laboratory safety working group's recommendation was for this position to be a direct report to the commissioner.    As you are fully aware, that we have a new commissioner on deck at the current time, Dr. Robert Califf. Dr. Califf is taking a look at all of the organizational structures at the current time and you'll make a final call and decision as to what the department structure should be.    Dr. Pillai. I agree with you totally. I think this is one of the failure points that we have encountered for this incident. You know, one of the key points that I'd like to make is that by nature laboratory scientists, right, they tend to attend to the materials that belongs to them and they don't really look into other people's properties or materials and this is one of those areas where it was a shared laboratory storage cold room, basically.    So there was no one single individual assigned to be responsible for the inventory or whatever was contained in that cold storage facility.    Dr. Pillai. That's been changed. What they've done is ever since this incidence has taken place we have actually assigned a single individual to be responsible for any cold storage areas that's been shared by multiple scientists and all the materials in the cold storage must be labelled with the PI's name along with the content and the date so that you can actually do a very simple easy inventory control process as to who it belongs to and what the contents are.    Dr. Pillai. That's a very good point. In most cases, cold storage facilities actually are used to store reagents and supplies and things of that nature, which usually doesn't amount to greater than $5,000.    As such, there's usually not a custodial individual assigned to the cold storage areas where you're basically storing medias and things of that nature. This is one of those incidents that we do not anticipate such a problem to take place.    We would have put in appropriate safety protocols and policies in place to address that. But this was a valuable lesson learned and we are looking forward to implementing the appropriate policies and procedures and managers can ensure that this doesn't happen again.    Dr. Pillai. I mean, talk about equipments and things of that nature--if you're talking about an instrument and equipment and anything to the nature that is a custodial individual assigned to ensure the responsible--to ensure and be responsible for that particular property.    When in the case of the cold room the situation is different whereby what we are doing is we are getting a full inventory control of what the contents are.    This is where you usually store biological materials as well as freezes and things of that nature. So we have implemented a policy at FDA to have a full inventory control of all the biological agents, not just the BSL-3 agents but also the risk two agents as well as the risk three agents.    So now we have a full account of every materials where they are stored, the location, who it belongs to and every time an individual takes the material for work to work on it or to add a new agent to the list, they update that information on a daily basis.    So this will allow us to control this select agents and high consequence pathogens in a much more efficient manner.    Dr. Pillai. That's right. If it's a high-consequence pathogen or it is a hazardous biological agents and toxins it will be in the inventoried.    Dr. Pillai. Yes, every agent has been inventoried and accounted for by the FDA.    Dr. Pillai. So like my colleague, Dr. Tabak, given the fact that there was an FBI investigation complemented with a CDC select agent followed by an OIG inspection that is ongoing we have decided not to interfere with the process and have laid back. My understanding is that the OIG investigation is coming to an end and given the fact that that report is going to be available to us in the near term we are initiating a process to understand the root cause for the event that took place in 2014 and understand what the failure points are and then we plan to mitigate those failure points through implementation of appropriate policies and procedures.    Dr. Pillai. That's my understanding. My understanding is----    Dr. Pillai. Right.    Dr. Pillai. We have a plan.    Dr. Pillai. Yes.    Dr. Pillai. This is one of those situations where we had not anticipated to take place. So there were no appropriate safety procedures and protocols for the transfer of such materials from one----    Dr. Pillai. Right.    Dr. Pillai. Right.    Dr. Pillai. I totally agree with you.    Dr. Pillai. There is a large group of individuals involved.    Dr. Pillai. I would say not as much as a hundred but a significant number of folks.    Dr. Pillai. I would say probably many hours, to be honest.    Dr. Pillai. I don't have the exact number of hours.    Dr. Pillai. Probably.    Dr. Pillai. But we do have procedures.    Dr. Pillai. But not for pathogens of this nature. This event was unusual in the sense that when the discovery was made, it was made by scientists who are not familiar with the policies and procedures of dealing with select agents.    Dr. Pillai. Right.