    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Secretary. Again, I appreciate, like other members, the call. We had the opportunity to talk last week. I suspect you may not look forward to these hearings as much as we look forward to them. .    Mr. Stewart. Yes. It is a tough job. I mean, all politics are local, and this is particularly true of this committee. Most of us represent some interest that is very important to our State, our district, in some cases, and I imagine you feel like you get grilled. We have Secretary Kerry upstairs, which we are kind of bouncing back and forth. This hearing is harder for you so far than his hearing has been for him because of that one reason, because of that intense local interest. But they do have some important projects to my district that I would like to talk about in my State.    I would like to start out with some good news, and congratulate you and thank you, if I could. And that is we have had real success in a local ESA issue, the prairie dog in Utah. Neil Kornze and Dan Ashe have been good to work with us. We have made more progress in 8 months than we have made in 20 years, and we hope to have a conclusion to that, and we are grateful for the consolidated effort that we have had in moving that forward.    I would like to mention just very quickly that we look forward to the same kind of success with the wild horses issues. It is a huge deal. I mean, they are doubling every 4 to 5 years. You know that. If you love these animals like I do, and I will bet you do. I grew up on a farm and ranching, and you see the health of these herds. It is not good for the animals, and it is not good for the environment or the range.    And we believe that we have to have a much more aggressive approach to that than what we have seen so far, and we would encourage you to look at that, if you would, please. A 10- to 12-year plan just simply will not work when these horse herds are doubling every 4 to 5 years.    And the last thing as far as good news, and that is to thank you for the State director there, Juan Palma, who has recently retired, he has been excellent. He understands the people, the culture. He understands the issues. And I hope that your replacement for him will be nearly as good because he has been a real advocate that we felt like we could work with.    So now, the bad news, if you would.    Mr. Stewart. Good news and bad news. And I will mention these quickly and ask you to respond. I know some of them you may be able to, maybe not. One of them is a real concern for us, and that is BLM law enforcement, and some strife that we have with local personnel, especially the State director. He does not answer--I am sorry, the State law enforcement director, who has no accountability to the State BLM director. And I will just tell you he has lost the trust of local law enforcement. He has lost the trust of community leaders and of communities in general, and I do not know how you fix that. I just think we have to make a change. I do not know if you are aware of this before, and I do not want to go into it any more than this. But we would ask you to look at that if you have not. Are you familiar with this issue there?    Mr. Stewart. I understand, yes.    Mr. Stewart. Okay, thank you. And, again, we would ask for your consideration on that. The second thing would be a problem we have with energy development, which I know it is not the first time it has come up in this hearing. We have specific examples: coal mines in my district in the State, as well as some oil and gas.    But the problem we see is that they will go through the EIS or the NEPA process. They will make good progress. As I said, we have a good team and a good coalition between those teams on the State level. But then it comes to Washington, and it gets sucked into this big black hole where we hear very little from it after that. There is very little progress. As an example, there has been a supplemental draft EIS that has been here in D.C. for more than a year, which is far too long. This is 350 jobs in a rural part of the State. That 350 jobs has an enormous impact. I mean, it would be like 100,000 jobs here in the District.    And I would just ask for your support and commitment to try to expedite some of those activities, particularly with the Alton coal mine.    Mr. Stewart. And, again, I will not ask you to respond, Madam Secretary. It is just you know way down on your radar, but your help would be greatly appreciated on that. And the final comment on that, we are not asking for any special consideration. We are not asking for any exclusions. We are just asking for the process as it is outlined by regulations and by law to work, and right now it is not. It is going much, much more slower, and much less responsive than I think that you or anyone else would find adequate.    And the last thing and then I will be finished, Mr. Chairman, and that is essentially the Utah water project. The Federal government actually owes my State $48 million. The funding on this got cut from $36 million a year to $6 million, which allows us to do nothing other than just to keep the contractors on hold. Do you know why this funding was cut so dramatically for the State of Utah for this project, and can we hope that that will be replaced in the next year?    Mr. Stewart. Yes, please.    Mr. Stewart. And if I could just reiterate that because that is absolutely true. You took my words exactly. This is in everyone's interest to have this project complete. The Federal government, the State repays this substantial amount of money. We are all interested in conserving water especially in the West, especially now under drought conditions. There are positive environmental outcomes that comes from this as well. But we cannot do it with the funding that is provided in the last few years.    Mr. Stewart. And, Madam Secretary, did you want to respond to some other----    Mr. Stewart. I will just stop you there then and turn my time back over to the chair.    Mr. Stewart. Yes. Well, I know you will miss him. And just in conclusion with the sage-grouse and the coal mine, what we would ask for as a minimum is just some predictability because it seems to us that the process is excruciatingly slow, and that things change mid-stream. We are told X, and 6 months we are told Y, and then we are told Z, and that is very frustrating for everyone, I think.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Secretary.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you. Did we skip someone, Chairman?    Mr. Stewart. I defer to the more senior member, sir.    Mr. Stewart. I do not want to get the Chairman of the----    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Madam Administrator, it is good to see you again. We appreciate your service. I wish there was more that we agreed on but we recognize that you represent the administration and his goals and objectives and that puts us at loggerheads. I appreciate these hearings. I don't suppose that you like them a whole lot. You come and you read your statements and we read our questions and you answer those questions sometimes. Sometimes you do a masterful job of answering in a somewhat ambiguous way which we respect and appreciate as well. I don't suppose we change your mind and I don't suppose you probably change ours.    But I would like to ask you a question and in doing so, I want you to know I am sincere in this question. I am not trying to paint you into a box. I am not trying to--it is not a gotcha question at all. I really do want to understand if you agree with this but I need to set the question up quickly if I could.    I was an Air Force pilot for 14 years. I flew one of the most sophisticated weapon systems ever built. I know a little bit about national security, I think. I sit on a House-Selected committee on intelligence right now and in that I am reminded every day, as I think most of us are, that we live in a dangerous, a chaotic and an unpredictable world. And we could go down a long, long list, ISIS, the possible nuclearization of Iran, a war in Ukraine, the rise of terrorist threats around the world, a generational skip in the weaponization of China. And I would also add an unsecured border to that.    Which brings me to my question now and that is in the fact of all this, senior administration officials, including the President himself, have said climate change is the greatest threat that we face. And I just find that stunning. And I could quote them. Secretary Kerry recently said climate change is now considered the worst and most fearsome weapon of mass destruction.    The President, in a State of the Union, said no challenge. And he reiterated it, no challenge poses a greater threat than climate change. And then, Vice President Biden speaking to a group of college students says global warming is the greatest threat of your generation, of anything at all.    And I would like to emphasize, they didn't say it is one of the greatest threats. They didn't say it is one of our primary concerns. They said it is the greatest threat. And again, I just find that stunning. And I wonder if you agree with that assessment.    Mr. Stewart. Well, I understand there are those who have concerns as we all do.    Mr. Stewart. You started out by saying that you didn't know if you were close enough, indicating you didn't have enough background or expertise in that but honestly you do. Every one of us do. I would think every American has the capability of looking at these threats and in a reasonable fashion saying, this one is greater than this one.    Mr. Stewart. So I am assuming----    Mr. Stewart. So I am assuming from your response that you would agree with that analysis that it is the greatest threat then?    Mr. Stewart. Okay. Well, and I would appreciate that, that you are representing your agency. Referring to the other members of the administration including the President himself, though, who is not representing your agency, he is representing national security and our national interest. Again, it stuns me that he would draw that conclusion.    If I could, in 30 seconds, and our timer is not working or not activated, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Stewart. Okay. I will do this quickly. We have this proposed ozone rule through the National Ambient Air Quality Standards and it is, you know, growing from 70 to 65 parts per billion and we have discussed this, Madam Administrator, actually is--when I was subcommittee chairman on last year and there are major parts of the west that it is virtually impossible for them to meet these standards. There is more naturally occurring ozone than there would be allowed. And there is not a thing in the world they can do about it.    And I am wondering if you could update us on your proposed--or your intentions on this proposed rule and if you intend to go forward with that, what would we say to those very rural parts of my district, for example, that simply have no choice? They would be out of compliance.    Mr. Stewart. I look forward to a further conversation with you on that issue.    Mr. Stewart. I don't think we will settle it here but thank you.