    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am glad I made it over here. Running between hearings.    Last week, ICE announced the arrest of over 2,000 convicted criminal immigrants as a result of a nationwide operation known as Operation Cross Check. According to ICE, of the 2,059 individuals arrested, more than 1,000 had multiple convictions and more than 1,000 had felony convictions, including robbery, voluntary manslaughter, and rape.    Assistant Secretary Saldana, is this correct?    Ms. Duckworth. And what led ICE to engage in this nationwide operation?    Ms. Duckworth. Can you explain how the individuals arrested will be prosecuted and processed, since you arrested them, and what is the next step? How will they be prosecuted and processed for, for example, removal from the United States?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you. As a former U.S. attorney, can you explain how this operation reflects the Administration's new November 20, 2014 prosecution priorities? You said this was right up your wheelhouse.    Ms. Duckworth. Wonderful. You talked about this balance between doing your regular duties and an operation like this, Operation Cross Check, and how if you are doing this you are not able to focus as much on the regular duties. Do you think this was a successful step toward prioritizing for prosecution, convicted criminals and public safety threats, operations like Cross Check? You say you do several of them a year, right?    Ms. Duckworth. And targeting and identifying of these criminals, you said that it is better with the local law enforcement support. Are you getting some of that? I assume there will be more of these operations in the future. How do you prepare for that so that you have that high success and arrest rate so that you can go and find the right person and get these very hardened criminals off the streets?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you. It is clear that ICE's enforcement efforts continue to contribute to this record number of apprehensions of very serious criminals. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.