    Dr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Director Salerno, thank you so much for joining us.    As you know, in Virginia, the vast majority of our congressional delegation and state officials are in favor of offshore energy development. I see that in the proposed 2017-2022 draft 5-year plan that Virginia Lease 220 is in consideration. I hope that that continues in consideration, more than just the exploration, but into the development phase. I can tell you that we feel very strongly that energy production in Lease 220 can take place safely, especially at 50 miles offshore. We believe in those areas it can take place very, very safely.    Let me ask this. I know an earlier question was similar, but I want to ask specifically to the lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon disaster, understanding not only where technology was not applied properly, but also where there was a breakdown in decisionmaking, both for the drilling company, both in BP, and within the regulatory community. There was a whole slate of things. If you look at that historically, you can see it at different points. There were problems that led to that particular disaster.    Having learned what happened in studying the Deepwater Horizon disaster, understanding where those problems exist and, as you spoke of, and Secretary Jewell spoke of, the lessons learned, and how those lessons learned today are being applied to safety standards for the industry in both drilling and in the development of that energy, do you believe, with those lessons learned, that in Lease 220, that drilling can take place safely, and that we can apply those lessons learned in those areas, particularly within that lease area?    Dr. Wittman. I think that is a great point: the human element is important. The technology is also important, to make sure that we properly apply technology.    There have been some comments made by Members of Congress to say that technology does not exist today for oil drilling offshore in the Outer Continental Shelf to be done safely. Is that a correct statement? Does the technology not exist for that to be done safely?    Dr. Wittman. Got you. So, not only is it a situation where the technology does exist--in fact, the industry is pushing the envelopes of technology, and you all are trying to keep up to make sure that it is applied properly--but can that technology, even on the cutting edge, can not only be applied properly, but can decisionmaking now take place within that realm of new technology, to make sure that we do mitigate the risks? This is not a zero-risk operation. It never will be. But there is nothing on the face of this earth that really is zero risk.    Give us a perspective about the risk of today's technology, where it is going, and how you all have integrated better decisionmaking, both at your agency level, but also with the folks that you permit to do the drilling, and to apply that technology.    Dr. Wittman. So you believe, then, that what they are doing is applying technology to minimize risk to the lowest possible--under current technology?    Dr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mrs. Dingell.