    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Yellen, thank you for being here. I really appreciate the time you are spending with us today. I have a quick question on monetary policy, and then I will spend most of my time on regulatory policy.    To follow up with the gentleman from Oklahoma's line of questioning, do you believe the Fed's permanent or long-term low interest rates along with quantitative easing have encouraged both retirees and institutional investors in some cases to chase more risk in their investments? And if you could give me a yes-or-no answer, it would be great.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers. And I would just hope you would take that concern and problem seriously when you look at your policies going forward.    With regard to your regulatory role, the first thing is you have sensed some frustration maybe over the transparency issue with you coming here a couple of times a year and spending 5 hours. You probably know that, under Section 1108, the Federal Reserve Vice Chair for Supervision is also supposed to be appointed, confirmed by the Senate, and then come to us twice a year. I know that job has apparently been deemed unimportant by the Administration and they have not filled it for 6 years, but, given that Governor Tarullo is filling that role temporarily, would you commit to us today that you would let him come here twice a year in his acting role to share with us what the Fed is doing on regulation?    Mr. Stivers. I would ask you to look at that. We would appreciate it. I know it might take away some of the sense of frustration that you are feeling today, and I appreciate if you would take that under advisement and figure out if you can do it.    I want to talk about your role in regulation with regard to small firms and then big firms. You talked about community banks. You had a robust dialogue with the gentleman from Virginia a minute ago. Are you familiar with the term that many community bankers have now coined called ``trickle-down regulation?''    Mr. Stivers. Okay. Do you want me to define it for you, or would you like to define it in a very few words?    Mr. Stivers. Essentially, it is inappropriate regulation for the size or complexity of the bank. So what happens is, at every level, the regulator or supervisor in that area adds a little bit to what the law was or what to the person above them added, and by the time you get done--I will give you a couple of quick stories. In one case, and the former Governor of Oklahoma, Governor Keating, tells this story, but a bank that is about a billion dollars was told by its regulator that they need to do the same stress test that a $10 billion bank should do, because, at every level, they added more stuff. So it leads to extra cost and it really causes problems where these small banks have to merge, and it really creates problems for them. In one case, the banks did merge. A $2 billion bank merged with another bank of about the same size. They had one guy who dealt with money transfers and things like that, and the regulator came in and said, ``Well, at your size, you had one; now that you have doubled, you should have two people.'' And they were doing it to try to get economies of scale.    So I would ask you to take that trickle-down regulation seriously, and what the gentleman from Virginia already talked about. Please listen to these guys. They provide a lot of liquidity, a lot of money in our local communities for people to live their American Dream.    You probably read The Wall Street Journal, but I gave you the article. I think my staff member just handed it to you. Did you happen to see The Wall Street Journal on February 11th, where the chairman of Goldman Sachs said that regulation is good for Goldman Sachs? And I will summarize it really quickly because I don't want to read the whole thing. Essentially, he said that this heavy overregulation and heavy regulation will result in large global giants like Goldman Sachs gobbling up even more market share, making our too-big-to-fail problem greater--which he doesn't say, but it is implied--and make it harder for new people to gain entry to the system. I would hope you would look at things like that as well. And now I will transition to a question, but I wanted to raise that as a concern.    The gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from Missouri talked to you about the SIFI thing. So I gave you the OFR study that the gentleman from Texas referred to, and I understand there is a line-drawing problem, but it is pretty clear when you look at the complexity you have as a total risks, or at the highest, is 5 percent of overall risk in the system, which is the biggest one, but when you move below banks of about $250 billion, that risk goes--in fact, below $500 billion, that risk goes below 1 percent for all those folks. It seems to me we are wasting a lot of regulatory resources on smaller firms. I have a bill that would take the tailored living will approach and allow you to do some things with it, but--I am getting gavelled down here, but the one thing I would ask you is you said you already had the authority, but the CCAR stress test and the DFAST stress test, today you don't have the authority to get rid of one of those. And, for a $50 billion institution, it creates a lot of burden. And so I would allow you to allow us to help you in this battle to have appropriate regulation.    I am sorry for going over my time, Mr. Chairman.