    Mr. Gilliland. Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Chairman Smith, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today about the emergence of new innovative fusion energy concepts, and the importance of governmental support in working with U.S. labs. My name's Nathan Gilliland, Chief Executive Officer of General Fusion, one of the leading private fusion energy companies. I'll make five point--key points today, and have done so in my written statement in more detail, which I would like to submit to the record.    First, I would echo what Ranking Member Grayson said. The game changing nature of fusion energy bears repeating. It's energy production that is safe, clean, and abundant. In a fusion reaction, one kilogram of hydrogen is equivalent to ten million kilograms of coal. It's the energy density comment that you made earlier. Humanity would have abundant energy for millions of years. There's also no long lived radioactive waste, no chance of meltdown in fusion reactions. The benefits to energy security can hardly be overstated.    Second, U.S. support for magnetic fusion programs like ITER, and inertial confinement programs like NIF, have created an enormously beneficial source of research. ITER and NIF have justifiably been the highlights of the U.S. fusion energy framework, and developed key insights into plasma behavior, material science, simulation codes, and many others. These programs should continue to be supported.    Third, because of this historical research, innovation in alternative pathways to fusion have accelerated. These alternative approaches, both in private companies and in labs and university, offer potentially faster and less expensive concepts, and demonstrable progress is being made, both in these labs, universities, and the private companies. Of particular note, work at Sandia, University of Washington, and Los Alamos are worth noting, as well as the three leading private companies, Tri-Alpha Energy, which is based in Southern California, Helion, which is based in Seattle, and ourselves, General Fusion. The progress of these alternative concepts was featured last summer in Science and Nature magazines. Novel fuels are being tested, new simulation tools developed, and we're all setting records for the stability of our plasma, so real progress is being made.    Increased commercial viability, lower cost power, and faster progress are common threads in these alternative fusion concepts. Alternative approaches are reducing costs by applying existing industrial technologies to the challenge of fusion, primarily avoiding costly large lasers, or costly superconducting magnets. Some have novel ways to protect the fusion reactor from neutrons, others have simpler ways to convert heat into electricity, but, of course, there are no silver bullets. These alternative approaches tend to be less researched and studied, and are simply newer. The physics have not been fully explored. But we would argue the viability and efficacy of these alternative approaches can be demonstrated for less money. Some will show rapid progress, and others will not, but, dollar for dollar, progress or failure can be demonstrated much more quickly.    Fourth, though the majority of fusion research has been publicly funded, there is a place, and an important place, for private companies who can build on previous research, and potentially innovate faster. The Human Genome Project is a great analogue, and a great example. The NIH built a core of research that was very strong, and from this private industry was able to efficiently and rapidly innovate to sequence the genome. We see parallels in fusion energy. World leading historical research is being done at labs and universities, and has led to rapid innovation. And just like every energy industry, oil and gas, solar, wind, there will be multiple approaches that succeed in fusion. It's not a winner-take-all industry.    Fifth, and finally, going forward we'd like to see more open innovation and information sharing across private industry labs and universities. For example, we all use computer simulation. It's a very important tool for us. We'd like to see co-development of simulation codes, more sharing of simulation codes. Another thing we'd like to see is greater emphasis on exchanges of physicists and Ph.D.'s across private industry and government labs. This leads to better sharing of historical research, current research, and the private sector would absolutely put resources into doing this. And labs and universities can help here at no cost to them.    Ultimately, more cooperation between government supported efforts and private industry can only accelerate progress. There is no value in silence. Let's push for more private/public partnerships, as Dr. Peters mentioned, and I'm sure Dr. Parmentola will as well. Let's push for more private/public partnerships to share data, build faster, and accelerate progress. The world needs fusion, and the faster the better. Thank you.    Mr. Gilliland. Yes, absolutely. Ultimately it starts with the reaction itself, so--fission is a large atom that can react spontaneously. Fusion is done with hydrogen only, and it's impossible for fusion to happen spontaneously, so--it's a difficult reaction to get started, therefore very difficult, or impossible, for it to start on its own.    So in a fusion reaction the byproducts are helium and heat, and--or high energy neutrons, so there's not--there are not long-lived radioactive waste materials produced at all. Using hydrogen it is certainly difficult to figure out how that could lead to proliferation challenges as well. So it, you know, it--we do have normal safety challenges that any power plant would have. It's not that it's without risk completely, but certainly long-lived radioactive waste is not one of them.    Mr. Gilliland. Magnetized target fusion, I think it's worth stepping back for a second and describing kind of the mainstream longstanding fusion programs at a high level. ITER and magnetic fusion use a low density plasma, much less dense than air, and hold it together with large superconducting magnets, and hold it together for long periods of time, even continuously. Laser fusion is sort of the other extreme, where a little fuel pellet is slammed with lasers in nanoseconds or picoseconds.    The idea behind magnetized target fusion and other what we call middle ground fusion approaches is that those extremes are extremes. They're extremes, makes them expensive. So big superconducting magnets cooled to 2 degrees Kelvin are expensive, as are, you know, using the world's largest lasers. It's not that those pathways aren't viable, they're just--they appear to be expensive. So the middle ground uses density between the two, and speed of compression--speeds of shrinking that plasma that are much slower than laser fusion. So, in our case, we compress a plasma, called a spheromak plasma, in about 80 microseconds, which is obviously much slower than the picoseconds or nanoseconds of laser fusion. So the idea is just--simply put, it's to avoid the extremes, and become much lower cost, and ultimately more practical.    Mr. Gilliland. Sure. So I would comment, you know, ARPA-E has done a great job on a fusion program. I think they are still in the middle of negotiating with the various recipients, so, you know, whether or not we are a recipient of that I don't know at this time.    However, to your question, I think it's vital that the U.S. support this middle ground, and I think the primary reason is that a lot of significant progress can be made for small dollars, so some of these middle approaches are absolutely viable, some are not. We don't know that--you don't know which is which yet, but it will not take billions of dollars to determine that.    So, you know, I think funding is one, but I think in my testimony I mentioned let's work together, labs and private companies, around simulation codes. Let's work together around exchange of Ph.D.'s and physicists. I think there's some simple things we can do to accelerate progress as well, but ultimately I do, obviously, support this middle ground of fusion.    Mr. Gilliland. It's a difficult question, there's no question about that. I think there's an interesting graph that plots Moore's Law against fusion progress. So, fusion progress being how much energy out of a reaction are we getting in, are you--how much are we getting out for what we're putting in? And it's actually quite interesting, they parallel each other.    So I think the question is--it's, you know, we're nearly there. I think the large programs had determined that it can be done, and now it's a question of just how do we it commercially? How do we do it economically? And I think that's the question, right? So I think there's two steps involved. One is building an alpha power plant, or a prototype plant that demonstrates reliability, and then second building commercial plants.    So I'm spinning around your answer--or your question a little bit, but, you know, we're certainly several years away. I would like to think that we, as a set of alternative concepts, can get there in, you know, the next five or ten years, given the basket of options that are out there. I'm optimistic that, within that basket and that timeframe, we'll get there.    Mr. Gilliland. I would echo your comments on the National Ignition Facility, and their leadership in the fusion energy space. You mentioned that their primary goal is around weapons, however, they're making huge steps in fusion energy as well. I think the number is they have improved by about 100 times their fusion yield in the last three years. So I certainly believe that continued support, and even enhanced support, of National Ignition Facility is warranted. Similarly, Sandia has an alternative approach called Z Pinch, which I won't get into the details of, but they've also demonstrated a huge amount of progress. So we're certainly supportive of all of the concepts of fusion, including magnetic fusion, that General Atomics is quite involved in.    I think were funding could, you know, and--make a big difference is in some of the alternative approaches. Most of the dollars go toward magnetic fusion or inertial confinement fusion, both of which have benefits, and both of which have created really a base of research that everyone is benefitting from. I think the difference is that some of these middle ground concepts, like ours, and a number of others, do have the potential to be faster and less expensive because of the--we don't need lasers or superconducting magnets.    So I think it's a basket of alternatives, and it should be approached that way. Each have their pros and cons across the spectrum. So I can't give you a dollar amount, but certainly support, and enhanced support I think is absolutely warranted because--the final point I would make is whether it is fission, or fusion, or others, the world needs more energy, and energy is fundamental to the entire economy. So it's not one or the other, it's all.    Mr. Gilliland. How to prioritize between fission and fusion? Is that your----    Mr. Gilliland. --that your question? Again, I think they both have their pros and cons, right? I think fission certainly has the waste issue to deal with, proliferation and so forth, but there are certainly a number of viable pathways that fission has demonstrated, with small modular reactors and so forth. So I think that it's a little bit of an apple and orange comparison.    I think a demonstration facility could have both. I don't know why it couldn't have both. I think creating a regulatory framework is helpful for all of us, and, again, I don't--I think it would be beneficial for us all to have it at one location.