    Mr. Cresson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congressman Huffman, and members of the committee. Thank you for having me. My name is David Cresson, and I am the Executive Director of the Coastal Conservation Association of Louisiana. CCA is the Nation's largest conservation group of its kind, with 120,000 members and 19 state chapters on 3 coasts. I am also an avid angler myself, and I fish with my best fishing buddies, my three kids, as often as possible.    On behalf of all CCA members, we would like to thank Congressman Graves for recognizing the challenges facing the recreational angling community, and for working with the states to create a path toward a better situation for all stakeholders: commercial, charter-for-hire, and recreational.    I am not here to denigrate commercial fisheries, nor are we advocating for the elimination of commercial fishing. We simply want a system that provides appropriate access to the resource, something that is sorely lacking in the current management system for Gulf red snapper. Currently, almost 75 percent of the snapper resource is in the hands of private business. The rest of us get 10 days. That is simply unacceptable.    You have heard praise for the catch share programs being used today. And some would have you believe that privatization of more than half the red snapper stock is the sole reason the stock has recovered. It is not. Recreational anglers are mostly responsible for the miraculous recovery of the resource.    In 2005, a lawsuit brought by concerned anglers forced NOAA to finally take action on the badly depressed stock, and called for a nearly 80 percent reduction in snapper mortality from shrimp trawls. After 30 years of mismanagement and failed policy by NOAA, it was recreational anglers who brought about change and put the stock in the position it is in today.    It has been said here that recreational anglers are not accountable. Nothing could be further from the truth. It is the Federal system that is unaccountable to recreational anglers, and has produced results that make no sense. We have been asked to come up with a management plan. We have. The states have developed and, in some cases, have implemented these plans already.    In Louisiana, in fact, anglers supported a 50 percent license fee increase for the sole purpose of enhanced data collection through the highly effective LA Creel program. Anglers gladly work with the states to develop, pay for, and provide information to the state-based programs.    We trust the states; they listen. They have successfully managed species like red fish, speckled trout, bass, flounder, black drum, crab, shrimp, oysters, crawfish, catfish, and more. The state works to make fishing enjoyable and available, while managing for abundance. Meanwhile, the Federal system aims to privatize the resource for a select few, and limit access to the general public.    We have been at this for a while. And all we have to show for it are a few poorly placed bandages. Please support this bill, and let the states do what they have done very well for many years: manage their fisheries with great success.    Thank you, and I am glad to answer any questions.    Mr. Cresson. Yes, Mr. Congressman, that is the point I was going to make, as well; we support the Fish and Boating Trust Fund that we all support and advocate for every year to make sure that we still have that funding coming back for conservation of the states. And I have been up to my knees in mud many times.    Mr. Cresson. Well, the fact is that the state science is light years better than the Federal science. And the Federal Government has acknowledged that. The states know it.    So, back to the original--there was a comment earlier about how the state seasons may have affected our eventual Federal season. In Louisiana, for instance, in the lengthened state season, we still did not hit the projected catch that the Federal Government used to set our 9-day season.    So, to your original--therefore, the state has now given us a few extra days in Louisiana because, even in 100-and-some-odd days, we did not get to the 800,000 pounds they projected we would catch in 9 days in Louisiana.    The bottom line is that everybody recognizes that the data is bad, that the Federal science is no good. It is part of why the reallocation happened two meetings ago. It is not because anybody was begging for more fish, it is because they recognized themselves that it needed to be reallocated, because the data that they used to set it in the first place was wrong. And that is it.