    Mr. DeSmet. Good morning, Chairman Rouzer, Ranking Member Costa, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to discuss OIG's oversight of USDA' Food for Progress program. As you know, a large part of OIG's mission is to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of USDA programs, such as Food for Progress, by performing audits to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse. Our audits are designed to determine if programs are functioning as intended, and when we identify problems, we make recommendations that we believe will help USDA agencies better accomplish their missions.    FAS administers the Food for Progress program through agreements with various entities, including private voluntary organizations, or PVOs. FAS's responsibilities include monitoring these agreements, including the receipt and disposition of donated commodities, in-country oversight, and close out reviews.    Since 1999 OIG has conducted three audits addressing FAS's administration of the Food for Progress program. In these audits we evaluated the effectiveness of FAS's implementation of its corrective actions to prior audit recommendations. Although we have found improvements in FAS's administration of the program, we continue to report systemic internal control weaknesses. Many of these weaknesses could have been mitigated if FAS had effectively implemented corrective actions in response to OIG's earlier recommendations.    In response to our 1999 audit, FAS agreed to strengthen its management controls. However, in 2006, we found that FAS had not effectively implemented corrective actions to address previously reported weaknesses in its oversight of PVO agreements. We reported that FAS controls for monitoring PVOs could not provide reasonable assurance that USDA program objectives were being met, or that funds were being spent appropriately.    OIG commends FAS for taking several positive actions in response to our 2006 audit. However, many of the systemic deficiencies identified in 1999 and 2006 continue. In our 2014 report, OIG again reported that FAS does not have effective controls in place to monitor and close out its agreements with the PVOs. These weaknesses resulted in questioned and unsupported costs totaling over $685,000. As a result of these findings, OIG specifically recommended that FAS designate a senior management official with sufficient authority to ensure that all current and prior recommendations are fully addressed in a timely manner.    GAO, and private consulting firms contracted by FAS, have reported similar internal control weaknesses. In 2011 GAO recommended that FAS establish a monitoring process for measuring program progress and develop policies and procedures for closing out grant agreements. And in 2013, a private consultant reported that FAS still has significant internal control issues with respect to oversight and accountability. Based on our audits, together with work from GAO and independent consultants, we concluded that until FAS strengthens its management oversight and accountability, it cannot ensure that Federal resources expended on the Food for Progress program are being efficiently and effectively utilized.    This concludes my testimony. I again want to thank the Subcommittee for the opportunity to brief you today, and I welcome any questions you may have.    Mr. DeSmet. Sir, USDA has not done any work on the cash-based side.    Mr. DeSmet. Again, FAS has made changes, and has responded to each of our recommendations, in 1999, and 2006, and 2014. What we found, though, is----    Mr. DeSmet. They did not, and they didn't go far enough. They come back, and in the last audit we did, and in the 2006 audit also, they come back with staff--they did not have the staff and the resources to implement all of their changes timely, and they prioritized their resources to get the grants out, rather than on monitoring and closing out the----