    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you for coming and talking with us.    Dr. Dayaratna, you cited three criticisms of the social cost of carbon models, and one of them was the use of the discount rate.    Mr. Beyer. And argued why not 7 percent.    Mr. Beyer. In fact, if you move it to 10 percent or 12 percent, you can get a really negative cost.    Mr. Beyer. I am not trained as a statistician but rather as an economist, and so the discount rate is used to determine the present value of some future value, and pretty clearly the discount rate should be the time value of money, which should be the real interest rate, which should be the compound rate of interest less inflation.    So how do we ever get to 7 percent when right now we have an interest rate of zero, which may rise to a half or a quarter percent or 1 percent in the years to come? How do you, even looking at stock market or economic growth over the last hundred years, ever get to a 7 percent when you take the compound growth rate minus the rate of inflation?    Mr. Beyer. We are trying here so hard to get to 4 percent, less the 1 percent inflation rate, which would give us 2\1/2\, 3 percent.    Mr. Beyer. Doesn't 2\1/2\ or 2 make much more sense?    Mr. Beyer. Having been in business for 41 years, I would love to have a 7 percent compound growth rate.    Dr. Michaels, every day, every day there is a new article in the scientific journal, respected, because I get them all in the incoming month, about the observable effects today, not what the IPCC has generated will happen 5, or 20, or 30 years from now, not a set of models of what the EC is.    I was pleased to see the one that Judge Gohmert mentioned about Arctic ice increasing. It was one of the few outliers, the only outlier I have seen in a year, and if you read the entire article yesterday in the Post and the New York Times, it actually talked about lots of increased melting but for this winter period in the Arctic.    Look, it is Antarctic ice, 2014, hottest year, the animal migrations, tropical disease spread, sea level rise in the eastern United States and in the Pacific Ocean, deforestation by insects, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.    So if we do not use the social cost of carbon, how do we quantify this tragedy of the comments where every little business or every consumer can use carbon and it does not have any impact, but in the large thing we are destroying the planet?    Mr. Beyer. You should write a book called ``Freakenomics.''    Quickly, Dr. Dorsey, why not a social benefit of carbon?    Mr. Beyer. Yes. Why don't we also include that as we look at the social cost, to Dr. Michael's point about doubling life span and others?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Thank you for the tone of your questions.    Mr. McClintock.