    Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Chairman, a point of parliamentary inquiry?    Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Chairman, I would like to know what the proper procedure would be. I think this witness has just testified--this hearing is entitled, ``Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Practices and Medical Ethics at the Nation's Largest Abortion Provider.'' This witness played a tape that he has now admitted under oath was not prepared in connection with Planned Parenthood at all, and so I would ask that it be stricken from the record of this hearing.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, Mr. Chairman, it was presented to a Committee having a hearing on Planned Parenthood with the clear implication that it was relevant to the hearing. It's not. I'd ask--I make a motion to strike it from the record.    Mr. Cicilline. My motion is on the recording that Dr. Levatino presented that he admitted has nothing to do with Planned Parenthood. I've made a motion, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Chairman, point of order. I've made a motion that that be stricken from the record of this hearing as irrelevant to a hearing on Planned Parenthood, and I'd ask for a vote on my request.    Mr. Cicilline. Aye.    Mr. Cicilline. The motion is to strike from the record the video of Dr. Levatino, which was not prepared or generated in connection with any service by Planned Parenthood.    Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Chairman, there's already been a vote.    Mr. Cicilline. No, that is not true.    Mr. Cicilline. That is not correct. It was not a unanimous consent. It was----    Mr. Cicilline. Of my motion? Aye.    Mr. Cicilline. I ask for a recorded vote.    Ms. Cicilline. I ask for a recorded vote.    Mr. Cicilline. All I'm asking is that it be stricken from the record of this hearing. It ought to have some relevance before people bring in a video which has nothing to do with the subject matter at hand.    Mr. Cicilline. Aye.    Mr. Cicilline. That's the motion, yes.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the witnesses.    I've now sat through the entire hearing. And I still don't exactly know what we're doing here. It's clear that this is not a hearing about the wrongdoing of Planned Parenthood because there is no evidence of wrongdoing. There is no testimony that has been presented that Planned Parenthood engaged in any wrongdoing. There have been six States that have reviewed this and concluded that Planned Parenthood has done nothing wrong. Seven other States cited a lack of evidence of wrongdoing and declined to investigate.    Then somebody suggests it's about defunding Planned Parenthood. I'm not sure that's it.    What I think the hearing is about, as best I can tell, having listened to every single one of my colleagues is, a fundamental view of some of the witnesses here that Roe v. Wade was wrongly decided. You have a right to that opinion. But what you don't have a right to do is smear a vital healthcare organization to advance that argument.    There are people, and I respect deeply, there are people who have different views on whether or not Roe v. Wade was rightly decided, whether women should have full control over their reproductive health. I happen to think it was properly decided. You may disagree. But what I think is wrong and really regrettable is rather than having a hearing that says, ``Was Roe v. Wade decided properly,'' and we could have a public forum and have a debate about it, but this hearing is entitled and tries to insinuate that Planned Parenthood has done something wrong. The title of the hearing is, in fact, ``Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics of the Nation's Largest Abortion Providers.''    So the hearing is intended somehow to suggest that by just attacking Planned Parenthood, we can undermine the decision of Roe v. Wade.    I think it's very clear that Planned Parenthood provides critical services to women all across this country: 2.7 million individuals access health care through Planned Parenthood. That includes, by the way, and specifically, Ms. Fredrickson, that includes a range of breast cancer screenings, Pap smears, exams for sexually transmitted diseases, HIV tests, cervical cancer, a whole range of services. Is that correct?    Mr. Cicilline. Ninety-seven percent of the services they provide, is that correct?    Mr. Cicilline. And Planned Parenthood is a respected healthcare organization. And some have suggested: Well, if we just close Planned Parenthood, people can get services elsewhere.    As you've indicated in your written testimony, the experts who have looked at that said it is ludicrous and people who make such a claim fundamentally misunderstand the healthcare system. Is that correct?    Mr. Cicilline. And so we're left with a hearing that lasted several hours in which people have made some assertions, played videos, some of which had nothing to do with Planned Parenthood, presumably made some claims that have nothing to do with the procedures followed by Planned Parenthood in an effort to bolster their position against the decision Roe v. Wade.    What I think is regrettable is that I think Planned Parenthood has demonstrated unequivocally that it is a vital healthcare organization, that millions of women and families rely on Planned Parenthood, that the individuals who work there are professional, individuals of integrity who do their jobs and take their jobs seriously.    And there was a suggestion that they're all motivated by profit. I've been to Planned Parenthood. I've been to a clinic. I've spoken to the individuals, the men and women who work there. And I want to say that my experience has been just the opposite. These are dedicated, committed professionals.    And I think it does a disservice to the seriousness of the debate about the issue of abortion to malign an organization that does important work and that is saving lives. We can have a real debate as to whether or not the Supreme Court should change its decision on Roe v. Wade. I think they shouldn't.    But it is settled law. It's the law of the land. And the way you challenge that is you bring a case and you make a different legal argument. You don't attack individuals who are following the law, who are performing a legal medical procedure that is saving lives of women in this country. I regret that we spend time doing that.    I thank the witnesses for being here. I hope that we can focus on the real issues that were mentioned: immigration reform, making sure we pass the Marketplace Fairness Act, dealing with the scourge of gun violence in this country. The agenda of this Committee is very long. Let's get to work on the issues that matter to the American people.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.