    Mr. Davidson. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Meeks, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the invitation to appear before you today. And I must say, these opening statements were so impressive to me. I think that Chairman Rohrabacher's statement perfectly summarizes the overall issue. And I agree with everything that Mr. Meeks said.    So I will try to run through my statement very rapidly and touch on this enabler issue which was brought up, and go to the conclusions as to what we can do about this sort of thing. So I am going to gloss over agreeing with you on these various matters.    And in terms of what corruption does to societies in undermining rule of law, subverting institutions, encouraging cultures of lawlessness, how it impoverishes the citizens of these countries, we all see this. I think it is worth reminding ourselves again and again that the Maidan Revolution was really about corruption. All those young people were talking about corruption all the time. It was really the driver of that revolution.    And in terms of the definitions and how all this evolved, institutionalized corruption, when it becomes the norm and consolidates its political power and we get actual state capture, that is what we talk about at least in terms of being kleptocracy. It is when corruption has really taken over the state and we get the rule of thieves.    And obviously, these kleptocratic regimes have little appetite for democracy. I think an important point, in particular for our business community, is that these regimes have very little taste for free-market competition, so little taste that, in fact, corruption and exporting it is sort of an existential issue for them. They can't compete in the free market.    And we have, indeed, as was mentioned, been a partner in this whole system. And the way that has worked--and we published an article about this called, ``Stage Hands: How Western Enablers Facilitate Kleptocracy''--well, first, you have got to be able to loot the country, take it out of the country and put it in a safe place. We provide that safe place. Then, of course, there is a third stage where you hire public relations people and you put your children in the right schools and you become a full-fledged member of the West and become a very respectable person.    And I think another thing we need to focus on more is the issue of incentive. When we do this, when we provide this safe haven, we are incentivizing corruption, and then we are further incentivizing all the way to kleptocracy. And this is something we really need to think about, and stop providing the punch bowl, if you will.    The Ukrainian example we have already looked at.    We don't really talk enough about authoritarianism in all of this. What we see now with the authoritarian threats is that authoritarian regimes that have become very militarily aggressive--and there are two I have in mind, which I barely need to name. They both happen to be structured as kleptocracies. Their elites are keeping their loot in the West, in our banks and financial institutions, in our real estate. And you would think we have a little bit of leverage over them, perhaps more than we are using.    On this overall issue I mentioned, we published a paper called ``The Kleptocracy Curse,'' which may be of interest, which is almost an expansion of Chairman Rohrabacher's initial statement, expands on all those points.    What can we do? I have 33 seconds to talk about that, and I will go right to the issue of anonymous companies, shell companies, whatever we want to call them. There are a few other recommendations in the testimony, they all pale in the face of the importance of the anonymous company question, in my opinion and in the opinion of many people that I have spoken with in law enforcement and the State Department, private investigators, large private investigator firms. There seems to be a real consensus that this is a huge part of the problem.    And I will leave it at that. Thank you very much.    Mr. Davidson. Yeah. Sanctions aren't something that I have thought about a great deal or that we have really covered in our work at the Kleptocracy Initiative. But my impression, and here I wander out of my train of expertise, but it seems to me that, we take the sanctions on Russia, for instance, we are thinking more short term about weakening the economy there and dealing with a security threat as opposed to thinking of the long-term health of the society.    Certainly, sanctions are not something that can go on forever if there is going to be a healthy relationship, but in the short term it can be a very effective parry.    Mr. Davidson. Okay. That is a tough question. I will take a shot at it.    I think if we look at populism in Europe, and we can relate that to populism in our country too perhaps, but certainly when you have corruption--well, let's take--Ukraine would be a sort of exaggerated example of this. If people feel that the political leadership is corrupt and that they can't trust their leaders, they turn to populism, very simply. So I think that is what we are seeing.    Mr. Davidson. Starting with me?    Well, I will mention some of the other points that are in my testimony then. And just to underscore again the role of what I like to call anonymous companies in terms of, if we just think about Europe and the countries, the territory we have been focusing on, and corrupt officials bringing money out of those countries into the West, it is usually via the use of so-called shell companies, anonymous companies. So the ownership is concealed, and these are the vehicles used for purchasing real estate to a great extent.    In London, it is quite dramatic. There is some unbelievable number of expensive apartments and homes that are owned by shell companies, and nobody knows who really owns them, except we do, in some cases, because some of the really large ones, you see people going in and out of them now and it is reported on and stuff.    But this is the low-hanging fruit right now is the anonymous shell company for corruption, very broadly, including the United States. I mean, when you want to hide something you are going to use an anonymous shell company.    The second thing I have in my testimony, Mr. Meeks, is a little vague, one might say. But if we look at the offshore financial system and all the secrecy we provide, anonymous shell companies are one aspect of it, but there are all these smaller things, the blocking and tackling that we could do. And consulting experts at Treasury, at DOJ would be the way to go with that to get into more detail on it, I would think.    And we have some very good things going on right now with our law enforcement agencies. The FBI has this relatively new group that started in January 2015, the international anticorruption squad. And the original name for it had the word ``kleptocracy'' in there somewhere and now they have renamed it. And they are doing some very good work. Because of the power of our financial system and this almost trek that stuff sometimes has to go through New York, we can reach quite far in terms of taking anti-kleptocratic measures.    And I won't mention the last point in my testimony because it is not really germane to your question, but the Global Magnitsky Act, for instance, has a provision in there that could give a lot of discretion to our government in terms of going after people for human rights abuses or--I mean, we have a lot of discretion there. So that is also something that could be part of the toolkit.    Mr. Davidson. No. Mr. Chairman, I think it is sort of a fun question too in a way.    Mr. Davidson. Yeah. No, fun is great. And I think it is a very good question, because what is an oligarch, really? And we sort of throw the term out there toward a lot of people.    If we were to try to--I am just going to take a shot, just I am thinking aloud as to what an oligarch could be in the U.S. context. And very often when we use it in the European context, the territory that is our designated zone today, these are people who have seized monopolies in most cases on a given industry.    So if we wanted to translate that into the U.S., what we would see with a lot of these technology entrepreneurs is indeed, I mean, they haven't done anything wrong, they just happen to have been so successful, they end up with a monopoly.    Mr. Davidson. And for that we have had antitrust in the past, which, of course, is not--perhaps it has been enforced more forcefully at times than it is right now, but it was used, of course, by Teddy Roosevelt in a big way to revolutionize our country, really. So was John D. Rockefeller an oligarch? I mean, I guess by that definition you might say yes.    I detect a little bit of a notion in your question that some of these technology oligarchs have become too powerful in their given markets. If that is the case, it seems to me we do have the antitrust laws and ways that we could look at that.    The problem we have, it seems to me, in the technology area is that a lot of these technology verticals are kind of natural monopolies. So I don't know how we would----    Mr. Davidson. Sure. No, I don't have anything to add to that. I agree with most of it. And I agree no one has a monopoly on virtue in general when we have looked at the enabling role of the West in this whole problem, which is central.    Now, you brought up also what happened in the 1990s in Russia and the role that was played. I mean, there are some very interesting things, we don't have time to get into that, but that could be a whole hearing, of course, unto itself.    Mr. Davidson. May I just comment on that, Mr. Chairman? Well, the whole story surrounding Magnitsky and all is a very good read. Bill Browder's book, ``Red Notice,'' is at least as good as any of the John le Carre. So quite a story. And it is incredibly intricate and complicated also, which sort of can be obfuscating in terms of how one approaches the issue.    But I thought it was very interesting the way you support the principles of the bill and all of that. And I think it was silly--it was a mistake to call it the Magnitsky Act, because it makes it sound too personal, as though it is some vendetta or something like that, when in fact it is a general principle for which there has been huge support in the Congress and the Senate.    Mr. Davidson. What would success look like? Well, certainly less corruption, and that we all agree to, but it also means on a sustained basis. So it is not something where we can sort of parachute in for a bit and, well, any number of means to improve things for a bit in one country, and then get out, and things fall apart. We have tried to do that in a few cases, not in Europe, but elsewhere, of course, and it is a dramatic failure and costs us a ton of money.    But I think success really is about changing the global financial system in terms of secrecy and providing a safe haven for corrupt people with political power when there has been state capture in particular.    Now, one of the effects, if we push the money back into the country, at a minimum things will be better. So the resources, instead of the $150 million house in London, you will have that $150 million in the country. People can argue over it. It will get invested somehow. Even if it is buying Rolls-Royces, whoever is servicing those Rolls-Royces in the garage down the street will have a job at least, as opposed to starving.    So I think we need to force the money back into these countries by cleaning up our own act and ceasing to shelter the assets.    Mr. Davidson. Well, regarding Ukraine, I think the institutionalized corruption at the top seems daunting, and we don't seem to have seen much progress lately with that. And I avoided using the ``K'' word there. I will leave it at institutionalized corruption.    I would go back to what Congressman Weber said earlier in terms of Ukraine. And in terms of their leadership, I think they need political will and individual courage.