    Dr. Clancy. So, thank you, Mr. Secretary. Congressman, we have a group taking a very hard look at this again. You have the facts exactly right, in terms of our initial interest in hiring marriage and family therapists who have graduated from an accredited program by a commission with a very long name, because we wanted to make sure that we had people with the best skills to meet the needs of veterans, which can be fairly complex. My understanding is that some of the newer programs have actually sought that accreditation. But we would be happy to follow up in terms of looking at other opportunities for us to bring this cadre of folks in to help veterans.    Dr. Clancy. So, we do actually actively partner with a number of practitioners in the private sector to help serve the needs of veterans. And the good news is, we just learned that we have figured out how to make sure that they have easy access to our continuing education materials. Rather than our kind of shipping them in paper, now they can actually get online directly and get their continuing education credits, which I think only strengthens them.    Dr. Clancy. I think that we have done some of both, but I am going to have to follow up with you on that one.    Dr. Clancy. Just a couple of other points, because I know that you expressed a particular interest in rural health care. One of the areas I think where we are doing very well is in virtual care, particularly telemental health, which frankly, makes it very--much, much easier for some veterans who don't always find any complex facility all that easy to navigate, and so forth.    We are doing enough of it that we are starting to talk now about whether we actually need to train and hire people who are virtualists. There are companies that do this now. We could actually have an internal group that does that.    The other part--and I just want to thank you and your colleagues for--is the loan reduction program. We now have, for the first time, the opportunity to pay the lenders back directly. What we have been doing before, if you think about how indebted many of these students emerge from post-graduate training with, is when they paid, then we reimbursed.    So if they fell behind, they didn't get the reimbursement. You can see where this gets into a kind of vicious cycle. Now we can pay the lender back. So not only can we offer that to new people coming in, we can actually help some of our own--it is both a recruitment and a retention tool, which I think is going to be phenomenal.    And ultimately, the mission is what really attracts people. You ask, though, what is the hardest? I would say primary care and mental health. Both, as you probably are aware, are not incredibly well-paid specialty areas. Both were in stiff competition with the private sector.    You probably saw the report yesterday from the Association of American Medical Colleges I think saying we are short 90,000 physicians or something along those lines. But that is what we are working at.    The point about spaces, we actually do have a tool now to assess productivity so that in addition to broad messages about we need space, people, and so forth, we can actually help facilities figure out what is the rate limiter for them. Is it really more the space, the people, and so forth?    Dr. Clancy. Can I just add one thing? Congresswoman, I just wanted to thank you for your commitment to, and persistent attention to the Central Alabama facility. So today, our top analytics team is visiting with them, both helping them understand their data, which I think has been a big, big change for us, this relentless focus on how we are doing, and also how to deploy tools that we have built, so that they can identify some of the problems that occurred there at a much earlier stage. So just wanted you to know that.    Dr. Clancy. So one other point I would just make, Mr. Chairman, we take every suicide very, very seriously and almost personally, and in fact, we do what we call a behavioral health autopsy. That is to say, each case gets a very in-depth review, and the team has put together a database.    What they are doing now is trying to identify how we might use all of the data from our electronic health records and other sources to identify those at highest risk and target the outreach that the secretary just mentioned.    We think that there are going to be some early signals that we can be able to do that. It is a very, very difficult challenge but one that we are not letting up on.    Dr. Clancy. I understand that it is all on track, and there will be sort of a grand opening in May, but you better believe we will be letting you know about that.    Dr. Clancy. I believe that transportation is going to be arranged for those veterans who would need transportation from--particularly if they are at that other complex and need to get out to our facility.    I believe that there was a problem with putting this facility downtown, but I will follow up with you on that.