    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Rob, welcome back. You may be having more fun in that seat than you had in the seats on this side.    It has been suggested that maybe we should have a change in American policy and we should have an American President who declares that we are neutral between Israel and its enemies and that the upside of that would be that somehow that neutral President would be able to create peace just by convening a meeting.    What are the dangers of the United States declaring that we are neutral but available to have discussions between Israel and its enemies?    And if the United States was not a stalwart friend of Israel, would Panama be the most powerful nation that Israel could count on as a stalwart friend, or would there be some other nation that would rise to the top as being on Israel's side?    Mr. Sherman. I would point out that Israel does not lack for honest brokers. Every former Prime Minister of Britain has offered himself as an honest broker, not to mention everyone who imagines themselves winning an Nobel Peace Prize. There is no shortage of honest brokers. Israel does have a shortage of stalwart friends, which is why if we were not among them I hesitate to think who would be at the top of the list.    The Israeli Ministry of Education and the municipality of Jerusalem now allow new versions of the Palestinian textbooks to be used in East Jerusalem. The Palestinian Authority has claimed that they are taking out of those textbooks incitements to violence.    Have they achieved this with regard to these new textbooks, both for those being used in Jerusalem and those being used in the West Bank and Gaza?    Mr. Wexler?    Mr. Sherman. And I would point out that we could reduce the amount of money we give the Palestinian Authority and give them textbooks, in which case we would make sure that there would be no incitement in those textbooks.    I will ask the other two witnesses, are you familiar with these textbooks, the new version, and how would you apprise them?    Mr. Carmon?    Mr. Sherman. Can you give us a preview? It will help sales. Go on.    Mr. Sherman. I will just point out, if you give the PA cash, you don't know how they will spend it. If you give them textbooks, we at least know that they can't be misused. Whether they will be actually used, I don't know.    And, Mr. Chairman, I believe my time has expired.