    Mr. Major. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Major. Thank you, Chairman Rokita, Ranking Member Fudge, and all members of the committee, for the invitation to be with you today to testify on behalf of Meridian Technology Center and career and technical education, or CTE, a topic that I'm very passionate about. Today I'm representing Meridian Technology Center in north-central Oklahoma, where I serve as superintendent. I'm also a past president of the Association for Career and Technical Education.    Meridian Technology Center is a publicly funded CTE school. We offer opportunities in health, trade and industry, information technology, and STEM-related curriculum to a diverse range of both secondary and postsecondary students. This morning, I would like to take a few minutes to highlight some of the hallmarks of our quality CTE programs.    First, our curriculum is based upon industry-recognized standards and is guided by employers, trade association representatives, and community leaders working with our teachers and administrators. This year, 294 individuals are involved in our advisory committees and give us in-depth input on curriculum as well as commit to helping our students throughout the year by providing ongoing support, job-shadowing opportunities, and on-the-job training placements.    In addition, Meridian is also involved in statewide industry sector initiatives. For example, we participate in an aerospace consortium in which multiple technology centers contract with the liaison between our local schools and the aerospace employers in our State. This ensures that our program offerings meet the needs of employers and students beyond our geographic bounds.    Second, we have high expectations for our students to demonstrate the technical, academic, and employability skills they need for success. Experience tells us that once engaged in technical curriculum, many students begin to recognize the importance of their academic classes. Many also begin to consider college as a viable pathway for the first time.    We encourage our students to be prepared for entry into postsecondary opportunities, regardless of whether that is their immediate plan or not. Through our Citizenship Ready efforts, including working with career and technical student organizations, we help students learn the employability skills that businesses want in addition to their technical skills.    Third, we focus on career exploration opportunities and career guidance and counseling. Students too often pass through the educational system without a plan for their future. Meridian uses some of our Perkins funds for career exploration and guidance to ensure that all students, even prior to their enrollment at Meridian, can access information that will help them make smart career decisions, an area that we would like to see expanded in the use of Perkins earlier in the educational cycle for more career exploration.    Fourth, our coursework is relevant to students, and for many the opportunity to participate in CTE courses as a high school student is the hook that keeps them in school. Because our courses are typically project based and address real world problems, it's easy for students to find a purpose in the curriculum. For example, a student who aspires to be a labor and delivery nurse can apply their science, English, and math lessons in clinical rotations at their local hospital while still in high school.    For the vast majority of secondary students, the opportunity to participate in applied learning provides them with the engagement for success and has resulted in higher graduation rates on our campus, 98.7 percent, compared to the rates of our partner schools, ranging from 75.5 percent to 95 percent.    Finally, we work to ensure that there are clearly defined pathways for our students, or Programs of Study as they are defined in Perkins, from secondary to postsecondary education. In many curriculum areas, Meridian works with degree-granting institutions to ensure that our programs of study aligns with theirs. Students who graduate from Meridian have the opportunity to receive higher learning credit at those institutions and may earn up to half of the credits they need for a 2-year degree while still in high school.    Through my involvement in ACTE, I've had the opportunity to visit numerous other States and have discovered that my school is not unique. High-quality CTE programs are prevalent across this country and have success rates similar to ours. We need to shine a spotlight on these programs to make sure that all students are given the opportunity to learn in a way that meets their needs in an applied, hands-on learning environment.    At the Federal level, the reauthorization of Perkins is Congress' opportunity to ensure that these learning experiences are available to every student nationwide. As Congress considers reauthorization, I would like to encourage emphasis on the high-quality elements that have made Meridian a success, but in a way that allows local flexibility for each educational institution to meet the needs of their students and their local economic environment. We also need more resources to support more students. CTE should be recognized as an integral part of a robust education system, and Perkins funds should be available to all schools that are willing to embrace quality.    In closing, I would love to see CTE embraced as a way to engage students in a rigorous academic study and prepare them for postsecondary success, whether that takes them directly into a career or further study, and I strongly believe that this should be the new norm for our K-12 education system.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Major. We have a very close working relationship with the workforce development board in our area and have a representative of our school that serves on the board. As a result, we're able to provide information to them about the opportunities for students at Meridian Technology Center, and we have several students who are funded through the workforce funds to attend school on our campus.    Mr. Major. Okay. I think too often students who enroll in career and technical education are viewed as not going to college. What we find is that many of our students through career and technical education decide that college is the best path for them.    And so we try to make sure that our students before they leave us are ready for that, and so we not only expect them to learn the technical skills, but we also focus on numeracy, literacy, and critical thinking.    Most students who enter into a community college in Oklahoma are 27 years old, which means that they didn't go there directly from high school, but at some point they made the decision to go back. Career and technical education needs to prepare those students for when they are ready to go into a college pathway.    Mr. Major. I would like to see more flexibility for us to use Perkins funds in the middle school grades with younger children to help expose them to career options so that they can determine the best educational pathway to get to their chosen profession, recognizing at that time in their life it's probably going to be more an affinity toward an industry sector rather than a specific career.    Too often children in the middle school aren't able to see how that formal education will affect their future. And so if we have the flexibility to provide more career exploration, more career guidance in those middle school levels, I think in the long run it will help with our high school success and high school graduation rates.    Mr. Major. I think one of the issues we face goes back to the guidance and the perception of who CTE is for. And it is true that at one point in time CTE was seen as the educational system in which students who weren't going to college could be successful. And that is true, but more and more students are leaving our school and going into a college pathway.    Like the terminology of middle skills, I think we need to reshape postsecondary education and be more cognizant of their many forms of postsecondary education, one of which is a colleague degree pathway. But through apprenticeship, through licensed trades, through on-the-job training, postsecondary education is a successful route to entry and a shorter route to entry for many lucrative careers other than college.    Mr. Major. I think if you move away from a formula process to a grant, you're going to remove the opportunity for many students in the United States to have access to career and technical education. The Perkins Act originally was that act that allowed access by all students to career and technical education. If you go to a competitive grant, you're going to have some that have access and some that don't have access.    Mr. Major. And I think history will tell us that we've the basic grant, but then we've also had some additional moneys for innovative programs. And I think that those innovative funds have started some really great movements in the United States around career and technical education. So I think if we do something competitive, it needs to be in addition to the basic grants.    Mr. Major. I think we made to make sure that our CTE programs incorporate the use of high-level academics. Through project-based learning students have to do research. The house that they build, they have to do research, they have to be able to read technical documents. So we need to encourage their success in those academic studies in addition to the career and technical education studies. And that comes as a part of the definition of a high-quality CTE program. And we talk about accessibility, but we also need to hold programs accountable, and accountable for offering high-quality programs to the students.    Mr. Major. I'd like to respond to that. We're seeing more and more students coming back in our postsecondary programs who do possess a degree. And what we're finding is that the rate of change in industry is so significant now that the jobs that they prepared for when they were in high school don't exist. And no matter what we do, we need to continue to learn. And there are specialized skill sets that we're able to offer through our work with business and industry that allow adult students to come back regardless of whether they have a degree.    We recently worked to help recruit an aerospace manufacturer to our district. When they arrived in our community they needed employees with a diverse set of skills and we weren't able to identify those. But working with that company, we put specific educational programs in, focused on their job descriptions, so that students could come back and gain the knowledge and skills they need to be successful for that particular company.    Mr. Major. I'll start with that. And one of the opportunities we have in career and technical education is we hire teachers that have the technical content to come into the classroom and help them become teachers. When you look at your traditional academic teacher, and I had the greatest ninth grade English teacher in the world, but her whole professional experience was being a teacher. She liked school so she became a teacher. And so she had little knowledge as to what business and industry needed from students.    So I think a way to address that is to provide professional development opportunities for teachers, provide externships for teachers that allow them to go out and interface with the business community so they can help make that connection between the academic content and the world beyond high school.    Mr. Major. I might add to that just a little bit. We hire most of our instructors from industry. And so when they come in, we put them through an assessment, like NCCER, in our construction trades, to make sure that they have the technical knowledge. But we also look for what other employers look for, and that's the ability to communicate and work together as a team.    Once they're on our staff and they begin teaching, we also put them in the role of an adviser of a career tech student organization, and the career tech student organizations are our tools to help instill those employability skills to our students. We all learn best when we teach. And so as our teachers are guiding and being a role model and adviser to those organizations, they too are modeling those soft skills.    Soft skills tend to be a big topic when we have our advisory committee meetings because it's the first thing that employers want to talk about, is how do we enhance that. And so we try to work in combination of providing a good balance between the technical, the academic, but also those employability skills that students are going to need.    Mr. Major. One other comment that I might add. We have our students for 3 hours a day, whether they're a high school student or an adult, and they spend more time with our instructor than they do with their own families. One of the things we really talk about on our campus is culture and climate. And students need to know that you care, you care about them in their technical studies, you care about them in their academic studies, but you also care about them in their lives.    And so you can't measure that, but you can observe that. And I can tell you our teachers do a great job of wrapping their arms around all of our students to help them succeed.    Mr. Major. I would continue that discussion in saying that I think the Perkins Act needs to continue to focus on high-quality programs that lead to a recognized outcome, and that in order for programs to have access to the funds, that they fall within that definition of high quality.    Mr. Major. I think that can be defined broadly in the legislation, but then also hold the States accountable. The delivery systems for career and technical education--    Mr. Major. Within the guidelines of the overall act.    Mr. Major. I think if we can encourage parents to be more involved in their student's program of study, starting at the earlier grades, so that they're aware of the coursework that they're taking and where that coursework might lead them in the future, would be helpful.