    Mr. Brainard. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I am pleased to appear at the request of this committee today to discuss issues surrounding the Transportation Security Administration.    Our business is a serious business. The national strategy of the United States of America is clear: Defending our Nation against all enemies, both foreign and domestic, is the first fundamental commitment of the Federal Government. When that commitment is in danger of being fulfilled, then it is incumbent upon those of us entrusted to ensure our national security to come forward, and if necessary, report to you, and to do so at whatever the cost may be. We are all here today for that purpose.    While the new administrator of TSA has made security a much-needed priority once again, make no mistake about it, we remain an agency in crisis. TSA remains in crisis as a result of poor leadership and oversight of many of our senior leadership appointments, which have taken place over the past several years, some of which still serve in key positions within our agency today.    Our culture went into rapid decline after having gone unchecked by its leader and various agencies and committees responsible for oversight, and for that reason we continue to have a crisis of leadership and culture.    From 2011 to early 2012 TSA chose in abundance unprepared employees to fill key leadership vacancies. These were people who were chosen not because they were time-tested leaders or mature or experienced in actually leading people in large, complex organizations, but because they were liked or good at managing programs or projects. In fact, many of these leaders lacked any security experience and had ever worked in a field operation their entire career.    The continuous result of the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey each Federal agency's workforce responds to, as graded by its own people, has declared repeatedly our agency has failed its employees year after year. We continue to have a culture problem in TSA brought on by an unwillingness to address misconduct of senior executives, combined with poor leadership and decision-making, all of which have been the number-one contributing factor of our security risks and which led to our poor performance.    We have low morale, a lack of trust, and field leaders who are fearful to speak out, and for good reason. People at all levels of the agency, both in the field and at headquarters, have spent most of their time constantly looking over their shoulder when doing the right thing.    And let me make one thing abundantly clear: This is not a TSA headquarters issue. There are legions of decent people at our headquarters who are just as disgusted and just as concerned as I am sitting here today. This is and has always been a senior executive issue, a senior executive problem. I refer to those at the very top of the food chain.    For years, we had many senior executives, most of which who completely lacked the experience needed for their position, run amok and make decisions or conduct themselves in an unethical manner, which eroded our ability to complete the security mission and grossly compromised the integrity of our agency.    Until substantive change occurs, TSA will remain a culture of positional leadership. Despite the results of our covert testing being made public, we still have some of those very same leaders in critical positions whose focus and attention are on numbers first and leave security and people last. In fact, many of the same people who broke our agency remain in key positions of influence even today.    Because of this, we continue to empower positional leaders who obtain compliance because they fill a certain leadership vacancy. And to be clear, they are not followed because they are leaders. Subordinates follow these positional leaders out of fear, whose only objectives are limited to bean-counting and instilling fear into anyone who opposes them. These leaders are some of the biggest bullies in government, and as a result, many people feel battered, abused, and overworked.    These positional leaders convince themselves they are liked by everyone and their decisions are accepted because there's almost no one left to question them. They have become powerful in their own mind and regularly make decisions, regardless of the people affected by them. I know of several people in key leadership positions that ``went along to get along,'' who regret having supported the agenda of those positional leaders.    In an effort to clean up our agency, TSA's former administrator John Pistole and his deputy John Halinski instituted an agency-wide ethics training, complete with a TSA Wall of Shame for the purpose of exposing a few bad apples in our agency and publicly shaming them. And to quote Mr. Halinski's message to our people in one of the videos every employee was required to see, ``People, we're better than this.''    Well, that Wall of Shame is more than a few names light today as senior executives in TSA have been held to a completely different standard than the rest of the agency. Not one person for the state of our agency is glad to see any of us here today. Those who have spoken up have been and continue to be targeted and victimized, with the goal of running them out of Federal service.    Until the previous--under the previous administration, complaints were buried and, in many cases, so were the complainers. No significant, consistent, or even proportionate action has been taken to remove or even hold leaders in the TSA Executive Service properly accountable for misconduct and poor performance.    While the results of our covert testing were made public last May, it was embarrassing, and when it came time to address this problem, the people who were really to blame never stepped forward to accept or even acknowledge any responsibility. Instead, they sat back and they watched our officers on the frontline get publicly shamed. The truth is our officers did not fail. They did exactly what that TSA senior executive leadership team demanded of them.    For years, TSA executive leadership's priority shifted further away from security and eventually became focused only on reducing wait times and increasing checkpoint throughput. Those Federal security directors who raised concerns or voiced dissenting opinion to leadership were targeted, and one way was through the use of directed reassignments.    One of my counterparts had a conversation with one of the very senior executive leaders responsible for our problems who had indicated to him they developed a loyalty list and were systematically removing the Federal security directors who were on that list. For those not familiar, a directed reassignment is a tool regularly used by the airline industry to force people into retirement. And because it is technically permissible to do so in civilian service with a business reason even without a mobility agreement, they targeted specific FSDs and deputies. The only thing wrong was this--with this is they were absent a business reason.    As a Federal security director vacancy occurs, many of them were filled with under-qualified personnel whose only redemption was their loyalty to the positional leaders who put them there. TSA executive leadership waged an all-out campaign against the Federal security directors, and of the 157 original Federal security directors hired after the 9/11 attacks, there are only five of us left today.    When it became public knowledge that the Veterans Administration spent a few hundred thousand dollars on the directed reassignment of a few people, the public was outraged. TSA spent millions.    In looking at the hearing agenda posted on the committee's website, it mentions what I believe to be the most important part of why we are here, which was the toll that management challenges have taken on our workforce. My opening statement only scratches the surface.    As the saying goes, ``Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.'' While the idea of forgetting mistakes of the past and looking forward to a brighter future sounds good, the reality is our leadership usually changes when there's a change of administration. If that happens, and if these issues continue to go unaddressed, the people who damaged this agency will once again be off the leash, and what progress we have made under Administrator Neffenger will have been in vain.    We need this committee to take a serious look at the road ahead and ensure this never happens again.    I hope to add value to this hearing by answering your questions and providing insight based upon my experiences. Thank you again for having me. Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening statement.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir. I didn't go on record with your comment. What I have observed in TSA, I think Mr. Neffenger has done his best to engage and get his arm around the situation, but we haven't resolved it. There are--we have had instances happen ----    Mr. Brainard. It is. And they are still in place. I can tell you that--and I don't want to go into specific detail by mentioning names because they are entitled to some sense of due process and an investigation, but the reality is not only are they still with the agency, some of them are still in their original positions even today.    Mr. Brainard. So we continue to have this issue.    Mr. Brainard. Mr. Brainard. I absolutely believe that's the case. And you know, I think it's important to point out that when we're talking about personnel issues and we're going and talking about the senior executive service and the people are still here, it's--it goes beyond that. A lot of the things that you're reading about in the paper, the things about the $1.5 million app for instance, same decision-makers. When you're talking about moving security resources out of airports, same decision-makers. When you're talking about, you know, turning the FTE back in in order to bean-count, which has put us in quite a situation for this summer, same administrators. The same people who broke this agency are the same people who are essentially still running it.    And I will offer to you that in--post the testing results coming out, there was a tiger team effort that took place in TSA. And of that tiger team effort, there were some wonderful recommendations that were offered. I can offer you that I served as a senior advisor for a period of about 2 months, and I can tell you the most important part of that survey, the most important part of that working group was to fix the security. And the second most important part was fix the leadership. And somehow I don't think that message got back.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. Sir, I really don't care. I don't care if it's a year. I don't care if it's two years as long as there's a checks-and-balance system in place. I mean, it's--you know, you have to have engaged leadership that is going to follow the performance of the individual, and if the person is not performing, to give them a plan to help them be successful and if they're not, end it. So as long as there is a structured process in place to help develop the individual and to make a determination if they're going to be a good fit, to me, it doesn't matter how long it is.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. If I can say also to that, when you're talking about the whole of TSA, some 50 or 60,000 employees and then you get to the leadership component, that starts getting even smaller. And then you get to the real crux of the problem. We're not talking about 50 people. We're talking about a handful of people up there who've managed to maintain power in this agency who have escaped accountability.    Now, some of those people, some of the most egregious offenders, they've departed TSA with either a golden parachute or some private sector lucrative offer. But we're only talking about a handful of people.    There are a number people within the executive service within TSA that are outstanding at what they do, just as our--there are a number of people in the frontline with our officers that are outstanding at what they do. We're talking about a very small number of people for whatever reason I cannot explain have managed to hold onto power, and they've--they're the worst people abusers in the agency and they're still there and there's nothing being done about that. And I don't know to what extent our current administrator is being empowered to do his job.    Mr. Brainard. Sir, I'd like to comment on the app that you just mentioned. And I've got to tell you, that's one of the strongest indicators of the mentality that we have not only of the feeling that they're bankrolled to pretty much do whatever they want no matter how silly it seems, but when this story came out about the app, you find out that the app's no better than chance.    And I put together this Ouija board that's got expedited screening on it and standard screening here at the bottom, which would had been just as effective as that app, and it would have cost a lot less. You could have the same type of outcome with a quarter, flipping a quarter at the checkpoint. And ----    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir. I also do app development as well, and I can tell you, it does not take a lot of thought to do what they did. And ----    Mr. Brainard. I'd say it's less than 20, ma'am. I don't know the precise number, only the people that I deal with in my world. I don't speak for--I'm speaking strictly within operations. I don't speak for the Office of Law Enforcement, the Office of Global Strategies, the Office of Human Capital. There are some 13, 15 different divisions within TSA. I can only speak to what I know and the impact. But I will tell you that operations has the largest piece of the pie.    Mr. Brainard. Mr. Meadows, I would say that's the case, and let me quantify that. When I talk about the lack of experience in positions, right now, this summer we are going into what they call a very challenging, challenging season, and we're looking at situations in these airports where they have recently pulled out the Managed Inclusion II aspect of expedited screening. That is a very small part of that whole process and package.    Mr. Brainard. And because they have done that, we're going to have this problem. The problem along with that is the fact that plan A was to put that in place, but nobody sat down and put a plan B in place if they had to pull any one or all those options off the table. In this business you have to understand continuity of operations, and it's very clear to me just on that alone they didn't have a continuity of operation. That is detrimental to our security.    Additionally, when you're talking about security at the airport, you're talking about things like this app, this randomizer. There are stories out this week about a proposal that existed pre-current administrator about not screening passengers on flights out of airports. To me, that speaks in and of itself the level ----    Mr. Brainard. Absolutely.    Mr. Brainard. I am, ma'am.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Brainard. Ma'am, making sure that our people are thorough. You know, the job that an officer does is certainly the most important job in TSA. And one of the hazards of that job is when you're constantly dealing with people all day and the routines are the same, it's very easy to get lax in procedures.    And so part and parcel with that training--and I use that word culture and I really mean it--is to improve our culture, to make sure that people understand the importance of resolving the alarm versus just clearing the passenger and letting him go. Also, part of that was to explain limitations of the equipment that we had.    You know, and this is--these are all things that came out of the tiger team effort, some great stuff that happened. And certainly since Mr. Neffenger has been in, there has been a shift to security and trying to get that pendulum to go back so we strike a balance.    But I'll offer to you this: The things we talk about, a lot of things we talk about happened prior to his administration. Those testing results, those aren't new. They may have been released, but the previous administration knows what our performance was, and they still implemented a number of different programs and processes, which in my opinion did not help our security situation.    I've talked with the committee staff members about some other security concerns which have happened. All those things took place when they knew, they knew what the testing results were.    As a Federal security director, I see the testing results within my AOR. I see everything currently today within the State of Kansas. What I didn't see prior to that was everybody else's, but that leadership team did.    Mr. Brainard. Say that again, ma'am?    Mr. Brainard. That's a very good question, and I can sit here probably for the next 20 minutes and talk about it.    Mr. Brainard. I know they won't let me do that. So let me just say the most important aspect of this. You know, when we are not properly staffed, it causes our people to be under a lot more stress. Now, regardless of how much Mr. Neffenger or myself or our supervisors preach the importance of resolving the alarm, it puts pressure on security checkpoint, the officers.    Additionally, when you look in the media, you've got airports screaming about the possibility of going privatized. And if there's one thing that puts pressure on a Federal employee of 13 years is the threat of privatization. That is one thing that is absolutely at the forefront of their mind. And you can't have people focused on the security mission when they're focused on their job security.    I give Mr. Neffenger a lot of credit because he's baring the news to the public. And the word on the street is you remember the day after Thanksgiving? That's going to be every day this summer. And so it's important for us to make sure that we reassure our officers so that, regardless of the fact that somebody is going to have to wait a few extra minutes, we still have their back. And we have an administrator who fully supports that, and that is part of the culture that he has established with TSA. That's a very difficult job. It's certainly not the most popular job, and we certainly appreciate it.    Mr. Brainard. Well, let me give you another example, and there are several. In 2013, an active shooter opened fire at the Los Angeles airport, killed one of our officers, wounded two, wounded a total of seven people. And in response to that, some of our senior leaders, these folks who have a questionable background and certainly lack the security experience necessary, all got together and decided to standardize a checkpoint panic alarm system. And the purpose of the alarm was to press it when there's an eminent threat so our people could have protection from law enforcement at the quickest possible opportunity.    So of the 450 airports where they installed those, some 710-plus checkpoints, they installed those alarms. That's great. It's a good security move. The problem is they're all covert alarms. They've got an auto dialer that calls the police department.    So if you have a law enforcement officer standing there and you have a situation like you did in New Orleans where the guy comes through the checkpoint chasing our people with a machete, if that officer hadn't been there to take that perpetrator out, several people would have been hurt or possibly killed that day.    How do you install 710 alarm systems on a government contract and you forget to put in an audible alarm? We installed the audible alarm in our hub in Wichita, and we put out the specs to other Federal security directors nationwide.    That in and of itself, when you're talking about the changes that they put into these airports, I mean, there's a--the rationale behind some of this stuff absolutely makes no sense from a security standpoint.    You know, risk-based security is a title that's slapped on everything. And the motto is from the previous administration there's never been a risk I wasn't willing to accept. It's like dealing with a financial investor. You give a financial investor $100,000 of your money and he or she will do things with it they would never do with their own. That's one example of the logic that goes and the thought process that goes on.    One of my counterparts took a survey over a period of 5 months with calls that we have with TSA leadership prior to Mr. Neffenger's arrival, and over a 5-month period there were 147 topics discussed, not one of them was security-related. They may have talked about playbook or they may have talked about some security aspect, but there was always a metric driving it. And it was a running joke. This is the priority of that leadership.    Mr. Brainard. At which level, sir?    Mr. Brainard. Well, it varies, sir. You have--with officers, obviously, there's an online process, and locally, we're not involved in that. It will do candidate assessments and so forth. There's background checks conducted. As a Federal security director, I don't get a lot of insight into that.    At the administrative level, posting it on USAJOBS, whether it's internal and external people apply for it, and then you have within the SES level, and those are done by the Executive Resource Council at TSA headquarters. The administrator is certainly involved in that decision. It just varies with different components.    Mr. Brainard. Sir, if I can, as a Federal security director, I work in a field operation, and I'm responsible for everything in the State of Kansas. Speaking for Kansas, I was in Maine last year, Iowa for 10 years before that, Indiana before that, and I can tell you there's a stereotype with the airlines that all they care about is customer service and throughput. That's not necessarily accurate.    Mr. Brainard. There are a number of airlines that partner with TSA successfully every day. There are a number of airports that partner successfully with TSA every day. The issue is is that we are the only entity with the DHS that deals with three constants: departures, arrivals, connections. And when we're not doing our job as efficiently or as effectively as we can, they have a right to be upset about that, and we need to find a solution.    The problem that we have right now is that the previous leadership team oversaw--that oversaw TSA put in a plan A without a plan B.    Mr. Brainard. If we had the plan B, we would not be here right now, and that's reflective upon that leadership. And I don't think there's a day that Mr. Neffenger doesn't come to work and just--he didn't get full disclosure when he took the appointment probably, and God bless him for being here. But he's out trying to cheerlead this. But that's why we're at where we're at, and it's the lack of experience within leadership that got us there. We did not have a plan B when we put in plan A.    Mr. Brainard. Thank you.    Mr. Brainard. Thank you for the question, sir. Sorry. Thank you for the question, sir. When it comes to spending, another example to give you where they could have put the money into making--toward making something like that happen, when they did the directed reassignments, I went from Iowa to Maine. I had received a near-perfect evaluation. There was no vacancy in Maine. The Federal security director in Maine received a perfect evaluation. He was being sent to Wisconsin. Between the two of us, you're talking in excess of a $250,000 just for the move that was earmarked for those two Federal security directors.    The FSD in Jacksonville got sent to Iowa. I was there. There was no vacancy. There was no reason to send it. All of these Federal security directors were performing in excess of standards. No Federal security director had more experience. The Maine operation, which is a wonderful operation, was smaller and less complex than what I had. The FSD in Wisconsin to Arkansas, the FSD in North Carolina to Los Angeles, his spouse from Los Angeles to Washington, the FSD in West Virginia to San Diego, there was no reason for these moves. I don't know what the price tag is on all those moves, but we could have certainly used that funding more appropriately.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Carter.--in the Midwest? And while you were there in Iowa, you received the highest performance rating that you could possibly receive ----    Mr. Brainard. Yes.    Mr. Carter.--while you were working there? And also, I believe that you received a Federal Security Director of the Year Award?    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir, I've received the Federal Security Director of the Year, Secretary's Team Award, the Gale Rossides People First Award, which is one of the two top awards you can receive in our agency, and a number of other types of awards from local stakeholders, partners, fusion centers, things like that.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. They did reassign me to Maine.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. Well, I can't speak to their motives. It would be unfair for me to speak to their motives. I'll speak to facts.    Mr. Brainard. No, sir, it was a smaller airport, less complex, fewer employees, fewer airports.    Mr. Brainard. Because, according to them, the reason for the directed reassignment was because my skill set was needed for that particular operation. Unfortunately, there was another Federal security director who had the same length of service in that I did and who had been a high performer. That's the reason they provided each of the Federal security directors who happened to be the longest-serving Federal security directors in TSA. There was a caveat. There were at least three Federal security directors that I was aware of that they did not move but they had to sign an agreement to stay at their duty station one year and then they would retire. And they forfeited their right to take any type of litigation against the agency.    Mr. Brainard. So three people were provided an exemption with the caveat that they had to retire.    Mr. Brainard. July, right after that came--I think this bears worth mentioning--there was a VERA announcement, which reminded everybody that putting pressure or coercion on employees to retire is a prohibited practice.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. Oh, yes.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. No, there was no vacancy. There was in Maine a sitting Federal security director. There was no vacancy. And if there had been a vacancy, there were certain--certainly other people there at the operation qualified to fill these positions.    It's important to note that when you're moving this particular skill set around the country, we have some 750 assistant Federal security directors and deputy Federal security directors, and the men and women that fill those positions, most of them are more than qualified ----    Mr. Brainard. They earmarked on the PCS move in excess of $100,000.    Mr. Brainard. That would accurate.    Mr. Brainard. You are talking about millions of dollars.    Mr. Brainard. I'll offer you this. When they moved me to Iowa, my counterpart in Jacksonville couldn't come. He didn't come to Iowa. He was off on medical. So you know what they did? They TDY'ed an assistant Federal security director in Iowa, put that acting Federal security director in hotel for 9 months, 9 months. They put her in that hotel for 9 months, and they didn't fill that position until January of 2015.    Mr. Brainard. No, sir.    Mr. Brainard. So I can give you some insight. Integrity testing in TSA when into high gear shortly after a media story about iPads were taking place. And our TSA Office of Inspection, otherwise known as Internal Affairs, will come out and they will run test items through, cash cards, money, DVDs, colognes, and things like that.    And so the testing items, they come out, they conduct the integrity tests. When they conduct the integrity test, they'll come through with these items, and then the Federal security director will get a call and we will be notified of the outcome. Generally speaking, they'll say we came through with X, Y, and Z items. Can you recover them for us, whether they're turned into the lost and found?    I will give you an example, which I think that you certainly will appreciate. One of the items that they're notorious for planting in an airport are pens. They'll throw a pen on the floor, let's say, in queue and a TSO picks it up and doesn't turn it in, they'll fly back out a couple of investigators and they'll literally interrogate them and push for a resignation or they'll propose removal for theft for a pen.    And it--I know this because they've done it in my airports. I know this because they've joked about the fact that it's the most successful test they had. There was a TSO at an airport in the Midwest who, when he picked up the pen, threw it in the garbage because he didn't put any intrinsic value with a pen, didn't think it was worth any money. It's a $200 Montblanc pen. In my operation I happen to be one of the worst offenders of picking up pens that people are using.    But the irony in all this when you're talking about testing is that you hold the people in the field to the highest standard, the people at headquarters to the lowest standard. We've got people who are picking up pens, pens, and they're sending out these criminal investigators for noncriminal matters.    And, oh, by the way, it's commonplace for them to come out and threaten people with criminal prosecution. As a matter of fact, they'll take a noncriminal case to a local prosecutor as part of the TSA Fairness Act to say that they're spending 50 percent of their time on criminal investigations so they can check that box. And they take and hold the field to a much different standard of accountability. They're doing people for pens while you've got people at our headquarters that are abusing their staff members.    Mr. Brainard. It's a Montblanc pen. It's a metal pen. I mean, I can go to CVS and get something that looks just like it, and I couldn't tell the difference between that and a $7 pen. I don't--I've never in my 13 years seen a passenger go and turn a pen in to lost and found at an airport. I'm sure it may have happened at some point, but if that's not just the most ridiculous use of the taxpayers' money, I don't know what is.    Mr. Brainard. No, I believe that the tests--I've never seen any indication that the tests are conducted for any particular reason.    Mr. Brainard. I think that that portion of the test is.    Mr. Brainard. I think that the integrity testing is absolutely essential. You know, one of the things--and I know you know this. The only people that hate to see thefts in the workplace more than the American public are our own employees. We don't want them working for us ----    Mr. Brainard. So if I can take that, you're speaking of Mr. Mel Carraway. Mr. Carraway was the acting administrator for about a minute in between the transitions. Mr. Carraway not only saw the detrimental effect that it had on the culture of our workforce, he'd also been subjected to it himself. So he'd walked that mile. Mel was a good man. And Mel suspended that practice. And when Mr. Neffenger came in, during his October Leadership Summit of 2015, he reaffirmed to hold what Mr. Carraway had done.    So I'm not sure if they've tried to do it since Mr. Carraway put a freeze on it because sometimes there are things that go on you don't find out about until the bell's been rung. But Mr. Carraway did freeze that process. He saw the problem with it, and anybody would. When you sit down and look at the information, it is crystal clear, it's blatant, it's obvious.    Mr. Brainard. It actually is.    Ms. Norton.--notion.    Mr. Brainard. It actually is. Last year--when I hired in as a Federal security director right after 9/11, I did not sign a mobility agreement, okay? Just so you ----    Mr. Brainard. Mobility agreement. So ----    Mr. Brainard. You do not. The SES signs a mobility agreement. The TSA Office of Law Enforcement signs a mobility agreement. The Senior Leadership Development Program, if you want to be a candidate, you sign a mobility agreement. But there is no tour of duty on that. What they did is they established a mobility process with the Federal security directors and then just started moving them around. And they didn't have a business reason to do it regardless of what was put in there. And that's certainly--we're certainly able to articulate that.    Mr. Brainard. I think--you know, this is a question of using policy in such a way that you can push an agenda that's not healthy for the organization. There would be legitimate reasons why you might do a directed reassignment. You may have somebody who is not performing well, you have hired the wrong person for the position, you may have somebody who's abusive to the workforce, you may not be able to terminate somebody, they may not have reached that level, but you are prepared to sit down and have an options meeting and say, look, we need to talk about the road ahead, and you being at this location is not going to work.    There are circumstances where you would do a directed reassignment, and I think that there is some legitimacy to that. And this goes back to do you have a policy in place that governs this, and if there is, are people manipulating the policy? I'll tell you a comment that I heard and I'll say it in this hearing because there are about 300 witnesses to it on a conference call from the previous deputy administrator Mr. Halinski when they were talking about ethics and accountability. And he said to take action and let them file a lawsuit. ``I've got 300 attorneys and I'll tie him up forever in court.''    That's the mentality that these people have. They feel that they're bankrolled by the Federal Government to make these decisions. They don't care if you're going to file an EEO, they don't care if you contact the OIG. It's very difficult to get the OIG or OSC to accept a complaint. There needs to be legitimacy with this, and that's what these types of moves are absent.    Mr. Brainard. Absolutely.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brainard. Yes, if I can say something with that.    Mr. Brainard. You know, Federal security directors are working with their staff, are working with the airports, are working with the airlines. We have faced tougher challenges in our history standing up, as you well know as one of the founders of our agency. I'm confident that we're going to be able to find workable solutions as long as we're keeping partnerships with our stakeholders so ----    Mr. Brainard. Absolutely.    Mr. Brainard. You know, one of the things they talked about, and I guess because this committee certainly has some level of influence, when you talk about our workforce and the wonderful people that come to work every day, if I could just kind of pose it like this. Imagine if every year you had to run for reelection. I mean, you'd almost never get ----    Mr. Brainard. Well, imagine doing it every year.    Mr. Brainard. Well, with our people it expires every year ----