    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Eberstadt, I had a couple of comments, but before I say anything, did you want to respond to that question that was just asked to you, that they were trying to put you in a situation that I thought was a little bit unfair?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, and there definitely are unintended consequences. In fact, if you look at the areas of the country that are suffering the most from poverty are the places where, for the most part, the people complain the loudest about it are representing them.    So I would be very careful. I would look at the history of what these unintended consequences have been. And you find the largest gaps in wages, you find the largest poverty pockets, in some of these areas where so many people come here and they like to lecture others on how much they care about those people. But really what is happening in those communities is that they are finding themselves further and further in poverty and in need. I am pleased that we are examining here the mandatory spending that is bankrupting this country.    Ever since I first sought election to Congress was to cut back on the gross amount of spending authorized by this body each and every year. In order to sustain the fiscal solvency of this country, we need across-the-board cuts in spending, both mandatory and discretionary. Nothing should be off the table. It strikes me in the past 6 years, I have not truly been given the opportunity to vote against these measures, and not really been given the opportunity to vote against any mandatory spending provisions.    This is not so much executive overreach as it is a bloated bureaucracy that continues to grow fat and spend money while Congress does nothing. I am encouraged by this hearing today, and I look forward to working with other Members on proposals and bills that return the spending authority to Congress to decide more regularly what is appropriate mandatory spending, and what is simply wasteful    Mr. Steuerle, what sections of the Federal budget are the largest contributors to mandatory spending?    Mr. Labrador. Well thank you, Mr. Chairman, I have run out of time. So I yield back my time.