    Mr. Norcross. Thank you, Chairman. Appreciate the time. And welcome to the panel. Certainly appreciate your service.    I was recently down in Pomona near Atlantic City visiting our unit there, the Air National Guard, and they are running F-16s out of there. And time after time, their fliers and certainly the mechanics were asking me about the potential upgrades to the radar system. I am not sure General Ray or Holmes, who is better able to address that.    What is the schedule for that? They certainly are at wits' end waiting for that upgrade, which they had indicated been postponed several times. Thank you.    General Holmes. So thank you, sir, for that question. With your permission, we will both answer a couple of parts of it.    So we canceled the CAPES program, as the chairman said, because it was unaffordable at our current budget level. We have received, as I am sure you know, a joint urgent operational needs request from USNORTHCOM to take a look at how we might rapidly equip the F-16s that defend our Nation with advanced electronically scanned antenna radar, with an AESA radar that provides increased capability to those airplanes.    As we look at that the request, that is important for that organization, but it is also part of an entire kill chain that would have to be in place to be able to let it operate. So you need both the sensor on the airplane, and then you need a surveillance system that would help you detect the kind of small cross-section threats that AESA radar gives you capability for, and you need the command and control system to be able to do it.    Those elements are falling in place here in the National Capital Region. And we expect to try to move forward to provide a rapid capability there first, and then see how we would expand it across the country. And I will ask General Ray to talk about the details of that timeline and process.    General Ray. Good morning, sir. Thank you for the question.    We are looking very closely at the capabilities that are required. We take this mission very seriously, defending the Nation's skies. Looking at the F-16 and the options that we have in front of us, we want to make very clear in our minds that we are not limiting the capabilities in any efforts that we take on.    So any of the capabilities that are out there now, existing radars, our ability to integrate that completely and to make a complete upgraded aircraft, is a very lengthy period of time. So to meet the UON timelines, which is in the next 18 months, we have to look at putting radars on the airplanes. But we may lose some capabilities over what we actually have right now. So we want to strike the very careful balance between bringing on what we require for this specific mission and not making the capabilities of the airplane less.    Now, we believe that we should have a decision here in the next month or two in terms of exactly how we will do that. We are looking at a couple of options in terms of how we would acquire that. And certainly, there are several different amounts of capability that we can add over time. I believe that we should have a pretty good schedule here in the next 1 to 2 months that would describe how we will get after this problem.    I think that, as General Holmes mentions, the National Capital Region is the easier part in terms of the entire kill chain. We remain concerned about the coverage for the rest of the country and the rest of the F-16 fleet. So I think that makes us focus very close here to the Washington, DC, area and what we need to cover this area with the follow-on effort to go think through how best we will equip those airplanes in the future.    Mr. Norcross. Appreciate your answer. We are trying very much to give you your needed predictability. Obviously, yesterday was the first step in a process that hopefully at some point before the end of this year gives you the predictability you need. I would suggest to you that that unit, they need predictability. Obviously, you know the area that they cover between New York and DC is vital. And certainly, they have a history that they remember very much as to the people who live along there. So anything you can do to expedite that, we would appreciate. Thank you.