    Mr. Clarkson. Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and other Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me here today. I am the President of Clarkson Grain Company located in Cerro Gordo, Illinois. Clarkson Grain was founded in 1974 by the Clarkson family, pioneering direct delivery marketing to link farmers directly to end-users. From that beginning, we have grown into a grain, oilseed, and ingredient supplier to manufacturing companies making food and animal feed with clients around the world. The company procures its raw materials, primarily corn and soybeans, from farmers in the United States and Canada. We operate our own commercial storage, cleaning, and handling facilities, a barge station, rail sidings. Our products include corn and soy flours, masa, lechitin, whole grains, organic, non-GMO and GMO.    United States farmers excel in delivering the lowest cost agricultural products with a grade standard acceptable to clients. Since our inception, we have segregated corn and soy by variety and market distinction to realize greater value for producers and end-users. Buyers of these identity preserved grains are now asking for features that guarantee their access to particular markets such as GMO specific, non-GMO, and organic. Such buyers range from small family companies to the largest food manufacturers. Shipments range from a small bag to 55,000 ton vessels.    These market preferences are increasingly defining both our domestic and international markets. To secure corn and soy sought by these buyers, we contract with farmers before planting to get particular varieties raised in accord with buyers' wishes. We secure grower cooperation by paying premiums.    Our goal is simple: a happy client. We are not in the business to win a scientific or political argument. We are in business to please clients seeking legitimate product distinctions. We don't tell clients what they should want. We ask them what they want and try to get it for them.    As an identity preserved (IP) merchant, Clarkson Grain is not at all opposed to the development and commercialization of GMO crops. Producers and their supply chain partners however need to recognize that production and handling of any crop has to be conducted in such a way that preferred market access is recognized and honored. Neighboring farmers must have the ability to serve their preferred markets, whether GMO, non-GMO, or organic. Market access and choice are critical to this. Wherever you fall on the GMO spectrum, it is clear to me as an ingredient supplier that an increasingly significant percentage of consumers want additional transparency in labeling. These consumers, the GMO sensitive, have certainly proved themselves to be a significant and vocal voice for transparency in labeling.    The cost of disregarding this voice is increased social conflict, expensive political battles, and uncertainty provided by prolonged court cases. For farmers who use GMOs, this process prolongs the difficulty for the biotech industry to bring traits responsibly into the market. Everyone would win if we could lower the temperature and manage the conflict over GMO technology.    One critical way to lower the temperature is through a rational uniform national standard for the labeling of food that is not produced using GMO traits. Such an action is in the fundamental interests of both consumers and farmers. Consumers have a right to exercise their choice and avoid. Farmers have a right to take advantage of this new market. The creation of a standard could be accomplished through a mandatory labeling scheme, but it is my belief that a more appropriate approach is through a voluntary labeling program. I believe that such approach would be less contentious, less adversarial, and less expensive.    I believe we are in a similar place to where we were with emerging organic market in the early 1990s. At that time differing state standards for organic products were emerging. The result was consumer confusion. Independent companies jumped in. More confusion. Each one was saying their standard was better than the next. So it was a negative for the entire sector.    Once the organic sector settled on a uniform national definition responsibly overseen by the USDA, consumer confidence returned and served as the fundamental rationale for explosive growth.    It is my belief the non-GMO market would also grow if it had a uniform national standard overseen by the USDA. The USDA has a world-class reputation of managing process-verified programs. It seems to me to be straightforward. Let Congress establish a uniform standard, let USDA oversee it, step back, and let the marketplace work as it does.    To sum up, I want to offer one more rationale for establishing a uniform standard. Labeling drives other activities along the supply chain such as seed production. Many producers struggle with a lack of appropriate non-GMO seed. For all these pieces to work together within a reasonable time frame, farmers must have access to an adequate supply.    So in closing I ask for several things. First, Congress to support a farmer's freedom to produce for his preferred markets without being dominated by his neighbor's market decisions. I ask Congress to support through adequate funding, research in non-GMO corn and soy varieties. I ask Congress to support a farmers' choice of hybrids or quality attributes, GMO presence or absence, or organic or non-organic. I ask Congress to help those of us in the countryside to always balance and respect a producer's production decisions as they provide a safe and abundant food supply for the world's needs.    Thank you. I would be happy to answer any questions later    Mr. Clarkson. I prefer that the farmer have the choice to pick his market. I wouldn't mandate. I would do what I could to protect the integrity of his product. It gets into the issues of cross-pollination and seed purity and other issues, but it should be an entirely voluntary process.    Mr. Clarkson. Well, the emotion of this issue carries a lot of people away to unfortunate behaviors which my colleague on the panel was subjected to last year. The fundamental interest here is the consumer making the choice. Consumers don't choose their food entirely on safety at all. They make consumer choices on all sorts of values. I think that should be honored. It has created a market for the farmer that currently is paying him about a 15 percent premium, ten to 15 percent premium to offer non-GMO and three times as much as conventional to offer organic products in the marketplace.    If we can respect the fundamentals, the interest that seems to be driving the emotion around the marketplace is to be able to detect GMOs in at the grocery store. If we can set up a voluntary labeling program, we define it and make it standard around the United States, that gets everybody paddling the canoe in the same direction----    Mr. Clarkson. Congressman, I don't think you are missing a thing. I think you are right on the money on that. I think the organic program is certainly getting support because consumers believe in it. It is a voluntary label. I think a voluntary label would take care of the underlying consumer interest in knowing and not punish the industry and others that don't want to be involved with the cost. I don't think there would be any additional cost because the people that want that market are already labeling for that market. It is already taken into account.    Mr. Clarkson. Congressman, when we receive an order from a Japanese food company, it often comes with a list of 100+ chemical residues that we are supposed to test for. Realistically, it would cost about $16,000 to $20,000 to test grain going into a container, which is more than the grain than the container would be. But that is because they are concerned about residues. I fully expect we will be asked to certify that we are delivering products that didn't have Round-Up in it, glyphosate in it, within a matter of days. Everybody supports science-based, but science doesn't speak with a single voice, and that confuses people. It is beyond my capability to know which scientific argument is right. So I prefer to make the distinction, if enough people have asked for it, and let them decide going to the Internet and gathering what information from whatever source and making their consumer decision.    Ultimately, the market will decide. The market has decided right now to pay a farmer $3.80 in Illinois for conventional corn, about $4.20 for non-GMO, and about $12.50 for organic. So the market is speaking with its dollars and asking people to perform. I think labels help in the grocery store, and science is an excellent foundation, the only foundation, but just what does science say is confusing.    Mr. Clarkson. Yes, Congressman Aguilar, one of the key policy issues is to define what we mean by the term. When we end up with multiple definitions, the market is in great confusion that causes trouble for all the players.    So the other thing is in respecting the choice of one farmer to do something and farmers who are neighbors need to work together. And it would be nice to have some policies that would encourage that.    Mr. Clarkson. Well, there are quite a few retailers and processors participating in private programs right now that would quickly switch to a national definition enforced by the USDA. So I would expect within a year you would see very significant movement toward the national standard usage.    Mr. Clarkson. That would involve using multiple approaches to weed control rather than a single approach. It would involve rotations of crops. It would involve use of cover crops, all of which are projects that are under way. And we are starting to see benefits from those.