    Mr. Pearce. Congressman Benishek, Congresswoman Brownley, committee staff, and fellow panelists, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today on behalf of the members of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3676 and approximately 58,000 Upper Peninsula of Michigan veterans, one of this great state's most valuable resources. I feel qualified to provide input, within my scope, as I am a retired service member, disabled veteran that uses the VA healthcare system and the commander of the Welsh-McKenna VFW post here in the Sault. I served this great nation of ours for over 20 years as an active duty soldier in the United States Army. I was also born and raised in the Eastern Upper Peninsula and returned home to Sault Ste. Marie upon the completion of my military career.    First, I would like to commend the Veterans Administration for recognizing a problem in the care of our veterans that live in rural areas. Speaking from my personal experience with the VA healthcare system, I believe the VA is moving in the right direction. There is still much more room for improvement.    Improvements have been gained in the last several years with my access to care. When I started to use the VA healthcare system, it was not uncommon to drive all the way to the Iron Mountain VA hospital for an appointment or test. The Oscar G. Johnson VA Medical Center in Iron Mountain, Michigan is the closest facility. Some of those appointments were a simple 15- to 20-minute doctor visit that would require a four-hour drive one way, or an entire day off work. Most recently, the VA has scheduled appointments for me at the local hospital or sent me an authorization to seek care locally. I am satisfied with the improved choice options; however, there are bugs to be worked out.    One is with billing. As a retired service member, I also use Tricare for medical insurance. Several times when I received care locally, my healthcare insurance was billed and not the VA. The response time is very slow when trying to get the medical bills routed in the right direction.    I also feel that local access to healthcare for our aging veterans should be a priority. I am still relatively young. It is not as much of a burden for me as it is for some of our older veterans to receive care. In our community here in the Sault, there are several assisted-living facilities and nursing homes with elderly veterans that do not have the physical capability to travel great distances to receive care from the VA. Improved choice could help with that issue.    I would like to comment that for me personally, the My HealtheVet website is a great asset to access care, re-fill prescriptions, and communicate with the local community-based outpatient clinic through secure messaging. That was a great idea for those of us who are computer literate. However, it is not such a great choice for those that are not familiar with using a computer or do not have access. Many of our older veterans do not use a computer.    Another issue with improved choice that should be addressed is the lack of specialized care and women veterans' healthcare access in a rural environment. I am not sure how to address these topics specifically, but they definitely need to be looked into and more options for care need to be available for all veterans.    Appropriate staffing is a concern. Soon after my retirement from active duty I started using the VA community-based outpatient clinic located in Kincheloe, Michigan. The clinic was relocated to Sault Ste. Marie a few years later. I personally think the staff at the Sault Ste. Marie CBOC is absolutely wonderful. I interact with the staff at the local clinic several times every month for my own appointments. They are always helpful and friendly. The only concern I have is there is not a permanently assigned medical doctor at the clinic. The physician's assistant does a great job, but I feel there should be a full-time M.D. assigned to the clinic also.    When the doctor that was assigned to the clinic retired, the position was filled several times temporarily until the physician's assistant was hired. That created a lack of continuity in care. I feel due to this lack of continuity, mistakes were made and treatment was not appropriate.    During that time I also had an appointment with a physician located in Iron Mountain through video chat. I felt that appointment was very impersonal and not effective at all. On another occasion, I drove to Iron Mountain for a video conference with a doctor located in Milwaukee and some online testing. That, I feel, could have been accomplished at the clinic in Sault Ste. Marie. Now put yourself in a World War II veteran's shoes. Imagine how overwhelming and confusing the video conference could be to them.    Again, it is a great honor to have the opportunity to participate in this valuable discussion regarding the care of our veterans. This concludes my testimony. I am prepared to take any questions. Thank you.    Mr. Pearce. Congressman, I think that is primarily issues due to hospital billing, not necessarily the VA. I will get co-pays that I end up with because they bill Tricare instead of the VA. A lot of times it doesn't matter if I actually take the consent form with me and turn it in at the hospital. For some reason it gets billed to my primary health insurance instead of the VA.    Mr. Pearce. Yes, it does, Congressman. You have to make sure that happens. I do personally take care of that myself to make sure it gets in my VA record also.    Mr. Pearce. Yes, Congressman. I believe it is impersonal because I am more of a face-to-face type of person. I don't like talking to a camera, basically. You can see the picture of the person on the camera, but you don't see body language, you don't see--I am not a real well-versed person, so I rely on other senses in a personal setting.    Mr. Pearce. Yes, I did.    Mr. Pearce. Oh, yes. They definitely appreciated my input.    Mr. Pearce. There wasn't a language barrier or anything, but I just felt it was impersonal, talking to a camera instead of an actual person.