    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to all of you for being here and for what you do every day.    Obviously, the name of this subcommittee is the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, and so the focus is on creating more economic opportunity for veterans and making sure that we carry through legislatively and from an implementation perspective to provide that economic opportunity.    With the hearing title being ``Do Barriers Still Remain?'', I think the answer is, yes, barriers do remain. I think the added question is, well, what can we do about those barriers? It seems to me, given the principle of federalism, that States certainly have some--well, they do have flexibility and discretion in terms of what their particular occupational licensing standards are. Fine. It also seems to me that that, in and of itself, can create a barrier.    And so what can we do, either from a preemption perspective federally or from just a best-practices perspective, to align them better so that a veteran who wants to return to my State, Pennsylvania, or maybe to Miss Rice's State, New York, doesn't decide--and Miss Rice is terrific--to go to Miss Rice's State because the occupational licensing standards there are more favorable to what that veteran has acquired from a skills and experience perspective but yet Pennsylvania--and I am using it as not an example but for purposes of hypothetical--Pennsylvania's may be more difficult? And so we want to align that so that that doesn't occur for a veteran wanting to choose where they may live.    So my question is twofold. One, what can we do on the Federal level to diminish the possibility that the 50 State occupational licensing jurisdiction doesn't create a barrier from a legislative perspective on a preemption basis? And, number two, what can we do from a best-practices perspective in order to reduce that?    If that question is too much in the land of hypothetical, I believe it was Mr. Gonzalez or Mr. Merisotis who said, you know, there are a lot of things we could talk about in terms of what Congress could do. So that would be sort of the catch-all question, if you will. And I would open it up to all four of you.    And, again, thank you for being here and testifying.    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DiGiovanni, I have heard--elsewhere, I've heard through testimony elsewhere about the TAACCCT program and the need to improve coordination between DoD and the VA. Could you identify for me where you think maybe the--I don't want to say problems, let's say challenges--where the challenges are and what you are doing to make it more seamless and what, if there is anything Congress can do, I'll keep it open-ended for you.    Mr. Costello. Okay, appreciate that. I yield back.