    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    And, again, I thank the chairman and the ranking members for this hearing. I look forward to the testimony of the witnesses as well.    When you think about South Asia, the interconnected nature obviously is very complicated, you know, between Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, and increasingly China's presence in South Asia as well. You know, I look forward to listening to the witnesses.    As our mission changes in Afghanistan, you know, and as the missionhas changed over the last decade, the reduction in foreign troops and their presence really has left an economic hole in Afghanistan. And as our mission changes, you know, I do have real worries about Afghanistan's economy and the impact there.    India has had a major presence in Afghanistan in terms of, you know, pumping over $2 billion into major projects in Afghanistan. The complexity of India's role in Afghanistan posts our change in mission, you know, is going to be important to weigh vis-a-vis Pakistan as well. So I look forward to hearing that.    Thank you.    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. I am going to shift toward my concerns about Afghanistan's economic development and the need to maintain some sort of economic growth for stability. We have invested billions of dollars obviously and lost hundreds of lives in the last decade. I do support the administration's current position in terms of maintaining a troop presence to help complement the Afghan security forces because obviously as we talk to multinational investors, Indian companies, and others, one of their chief concerns is the security risks in terms of making major investments in Afghanistan.    I applaud the Indian company's investments in major infrastructure projects, like the Salma Dam, and the concern I have is how do we continue this economic growth? India, as the major economy in South Asia, clearly has a role in helping increase trade between India and Afghanistan. And I am interested in, you know, kind of the perspective there.    Also, as the Afghanistan-Pakistan Trade Transit Agreement kind of moves forward, I know India is very interested in also participating in there for the movement of goods and services. In Afghanistan's interests, I think Afghanistan is certainly interested in making the flow of goods and services easier with India. Obviously Pakistan has taken a very different position in terms of the over-land transit of goods and services. And I do think it is in our interests as the United States to push Pakistan to be more open to a trilateral trade agreement that makes India's participation available.    Mr. Sampler, maybe you want to start, or Mr. Olson?    Mr. Bera. I would continue to encourage the administration and the State Department to push for that regional connectivity. Certainly through trade, through transit of goods and services, you do have the opportunity to try to start creating some interconnected economies, create some stability. The big worry there is tensions between Pakistan and India, and you have two nuclear-armed countries, two countries that have a history of tension, but through economic development, through trade, through transit of goods and services, you can create some stability and connectivity. And, again, I would encourage State to continue to push that agenda.