    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the panel being out today for an extended witness time, but we do appreciate all of you being here, as well as staff.    Recently completing my first year in the House, it has opened my eyes to the problems that we have specifically in the cybersecurity arena. Also serving on the Department--or the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as the co-chair of the cloud caucus, has really sent me studying this issue and should cause us all great concern.    Congress recently passed the cybersecurity legislation designed to facilitate the efficient and effective sharing of cyber threat data and indicators between the private and the public sectors.    Ms. Schneck, the DHS has a big role to play in that process. The question for you is how would the proposed Bureau of Industry and Security rule, as drafted, impact that sharing?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Let me follow-up with you. If you need to defer, that's fine. I don't know, is there a limit on defers before you would have to buy somebody dinner, or drink? I don't know. We'll see. How would the proposed rule impact cybersecurity generally for U.S. companies? Frequent questions wrapped in one. What about critical infrastructure, government agencies? Isn't the rule going to put them at risk at some point?    Mr. Walker. Yes, it is, unless you need to defer.    Mr. Walker. Okay.    Mr. Walker. Thank you for the----    Mr. Wolf, did you want to add anything to that?    Mr. Walker. That's fair.    Ms. Goodwin, I believe that technology is a tool I think most of us would agree, tool is a--technology is a tool that could be used for good or bad. In other words, it's not inherently one direction or the other. I think that's a pretty simple concept, but the behavior is.    I'm intrigued by the idea that under Wassenaar, we are choosing to focus on the exporters of software tools instead of looking at the actual users of those tools and how those tools are utilized.    Question for you: Do you think that, perhaps, we should be looking at a cybersecurity regulatory regime that focused on the users?    Mr. Walker. Right. And if it is 80 percent, the technology is kind of interfused where it's hard to even separate from one country doing business with the other. And I hope--and I'll yield back with the rest of my time--the international community can influence or encourage this positive, and hopefully beneficial behavior.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.