    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Weber, as a part of the public comment process for NRC's revisions to Part 61 regulations--the governmental low-level waste disposal facility--the agreement States requested that NRC revise the compatibility requirements from what is known as compatibility B, which require agreement States to have the same regulatory standards as NRC, to compatibility C, which permit agreement States to have more stringent regulatory standards than NRC regs.    Will the NRC staff address this issue as part of the rule making process prior to providing the rule to the commission for approval?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Whitney, has the NRC solicited DOE input on the matter of revising the current Part 61 rule making as opposed to initiating a new rule making after this one is completed to include the disposal of greater-than-Class C and transuranic waste?    Mr. Pitts. Would a DOE site to dispose of greater-than-Class C waste have to be licensed by the NRC?    Mr. Pitts. Given the need to dispose of GTCC and TRU waste, is it reasonable to delay the current rule making to include GTCC and TRU waste?    Mr. Pitts. What would be the effects on the DOE if the current Part 61 rule making is delayed?    Mr. Pitts. OK. And I am not sure which one to ask this but did the Yucca Mountain license application include the option of disposing of greater-than-Class C material in the repository?    Mr. Pitts. In light of the fact that the Department previously submitted a license for the disposal of GTCC waste at Yucca Mountain, if the NRC issues the Yucca Mountain license, will that site be considered as part of the process for DOE to recommend a disposal pathway?    Mr. Pitts. Yes. In light of the fact that the Department previously submitted a license for the disposal of GTCC waste at Yucca Mountain, if the NRC issues the Yucca Mountain license will that site be considered as part of the process for DOE to recommend a disposal pathway?    Mr. Pitts. Well, Mr. Weber, as part of the developing recommendation on providing Texas authority to license GTCC facility, did NRC staff consider proceeding with the Yucca Mountain license application as an alternative disposal pathway? If not, why not?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    My time has expired.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. Maybe each of you can respond to this question.    With all of the scientific work that has been done over the last 20 years, to appropriately characterize waste, do you have any recommendations for how Congress can improve the disposal of low-level radioactive waste?    We will start with you, Ms. Opila.    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Ing.    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Smith.    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Opila, you--in 2008 the State of South Carolina restricted access to the Barnwell disposal facility to members of the Atlantic Compact Commission, essentially leaving the majority of the country without a Site to dispose of Class B and C waste, and I understand that Colorado is part of the Rocky Mountain Compact, which has an agreement to send low-level waste to Richland, Washington.    But will you describe how other States managed Class B and C waste prior to the opening of the Site in Andrews County, Texas?    Mr. Pitts. And your testimony notes that the organization for agreement States objects to NRC requiring a Site to redo its performance assessment unless the site plans to accept new material.    Will you please describe this issue in greater detail?    Mr. Pitts. What might be some potential implications if NRC's requirement forces existing sites to adjust their performance standards?    Mr. Pitts. All right.    Ms. Ing, the Federal Government still must address how to dispose of depleted uranium as a result of enrichment. Currently, there is a significant amount of depleted uranium located at the Urenco facility just across the Texas-New Mexico border.    Has the Texas compact considered whether and how it would treat an authorization request to dispose of depleted uranium at the Andrews County facility?    Mr. Pitts. My time has expired.