    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair. I do want to say, being a city girl born and raised, I have learned a lot from you.    The United States has over 770 million acres of grazing land. These lands are important to both our agriculture and the environment. Grasslands provide pasture for livestock, but also act as a natural erosion control habitat for a diverse and sometimes even endangered species, and reservoirs for carbon dioxide that would otherwise be released into the atmosphere.    While the environment is healthier, more resources exist for agricultural purposes. It goes without saying that if there is no forage, cattle simply cannot graze. Our ecological goals are intertwined with protecting the livelihood of farmers and ranchers.    As we will hear from our witnesses today, effective grazing practices actually offer the potential to help restore the quality of our grasslands. The movement of hooved animals turn the soil, allowing it to retain more water and nutrients. This boosts our soil quality and encourages future plant growth, and reduces the risks of destructive wildfires through the natural bush clearing.    But grazing practices are not one-size-fit-all; rather, different environments may require different management practices for maximum benefit. According to the Natural Resources Conservation Service, animals should be moved from one area to the other, as the expert has told us, in a way that truly gives natural cycles a chance to occur and the plants an opportunity to regrow before the sections of land are grazed again. This principle is important to what we will discuss today, meeting the needs of livestock and ranchers while optimizing benefits to the environment.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses, and I yield back my time.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you so much.    Cattle are frequently considered significant contributors to climate change because they are responsible for 18 percent of the U.S. methane emissions, a gas that has 23 times the warming effect of carbon dioxide.    Ms. Schwartz, you study soil health, and note that the positive impacts of healthy soils can extend way beyond its ability to encourage plant growth. In fact, healthy, nutrient-rich soil, created in part by fish and cattle managing processes, can work to directly counter climate change. Can you briefly walk us through how the movement of cattle sequesters carbon in the soil?    Ms. Lawrence. Okay.    Mrs. Lawrence. For the record, I agree with you on that definition.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. Ms. Schwartz, I just want to--I want to get----    Mrs. Lawrence. --a question in to----    Can you explain how the decertification of grasslands causes these massive wildfires and how effective cattle grazing has the potential to reduce their occurrence? Mr. Shelton, do you have any comments on that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you. I yield back my time.