    Mr. Fattah. Let me thank the chairman, and thank the Director for being with us today. You said recently that we have, in every single state the Bureau has active investigations around terrorism. And obviously it is a major concern given the activities taking place in all parts of the world. And part of the big discussion in the 9/11 Commission was whether or not, how we kind of recalibrated ourselves to deal with these challenges. Because heretofore it was about catching people after they had done something wrong. And in the case of terrorism it is really a much different approach, where you are trying to prevent something catastrophic from happening by people who in many instances have no desire to get away. So it is a much different, you know, circumstance.    So it will be interesting as we, you know, talk about, you know, cyber crime, which is a big deal, and you know, a lot of these other issues. Obviously this is something that from a national government perspective the decision of the Commission was that we should not have kind of a terrorism only entity, that the FBI was quite capable of dealing with this challenge. And the Bureau has proven to be. But you have also faced criticism from some of the processes that you have had to utilize, which in some cases you know the question of whether or not people who are espousing ideas but taking no action, you know, where the line falls.    So I will be interested in your comments. Obviously, your budget and the appropriations, the committee, as it has in the past, will do everything necessary to make sure that you have the support needed to protect the country. Because you are really not trying to protect the FBI, you are trying to have the FBI protect the nation. And so we have a responsibility to find the resources. But I will be looking forward to your comments on the subjects that I have raised. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you. When I became ranking on this subcommittee one of my first visits was out to the Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which is one of the places where you do joint operations looking for children. And the Innocence Lost Project, which the committee has supported, you have now been able to rescue some 4,350 children. But as you know there are thousands and thousands of children who are missing, many of whom are being exploited in all kinds of terrible circumstances. So as, you as the Director, you have to prioritize, you know, where are you going to place you said your greatest resource are your people, your agents, right? You have got, you know, I have also been out to the Joint Terrorism Screening Center. There is very important work going on there. You have to make these decisions about whether somebody is tracking down a child who has been exploited, whether somebody is looking after, you know, chasing down a terrorist, and so on. Could you just share with us as you are working through these issues how you have prioritized this under your leadership?    Mr. Fattah. Well you mentioned, you know, that the taxpayer may not know about the explosive bomb detection training you do in Alabama. I do not think most Americans have any idea that thousands of children go missing every week in our country. And some of them end up in circumstances in which they are exploited for years, you know, on the internet and in other ways. And so, you know, if you have got, and you mentioned the officer who was shot this week and killed in Wisconsin by a suspect in a bank robbery. One of the things you do is you chase bank robbers, right? So somebody, and it was a special agent in charge, says, you know, we are going to go after bank robbers, or we are going to go after this little girl who is being exploited. And you know, and making very tough decisions with limited resources. And I am just trying to understand, because we have to make decisions about what we are funding, you know, how are you making these decisions? And none of them are, you know, I mean, none of them--I guess you would want to do it all but you have got to decide.    Mr. Fattah. Right.    Mr. Fattah. And the chairman mentioned--the chairman of the full committee mentioned Interpol. You know, Ron Noble, who is a friend of mine, runs the Interpol and he has been doing a terrific job. The Europeans have something magical going on because they can make arrests and prosecutions throughout these 28 countries with no extradition and none of these other issues. They kind of have a seamless system that we cannot do state to state, I mean, in America, which is interesting, that I have been able to jump over language and sovereignty issues and nationalities to work law enforcement in a much more seamless way. It is something that we can learn, I think, as we go forward.    Thank you very much, and thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. Mister Chairman, You know, there is a way forward, right? So if life or liberty is in jeopardy and my daughter is missing, I want you to get into the phone. If it is a battle that doesn't involve life or liberty, I am interested in what the fathers have to say about right to privacy and the protections of people's personal papers and so on.    So you can find our way forward and I think that the Director is correct that there may need to be a legislative activity that kind of, because the people we represent have some interest in privacy, and which is why these companies are trying to produce a product that gives them that privacy, but we also need to protect public safety. So if there is a terrorist who has got a bomb, and you need to track where they are via their a cell phone, we want them to be able to do it.    So, you know, we have to find the wisdom of Solomon which is why it is good that the Judge is up next.    Mr. Fattah. I knew we would find wisdom from the Judge.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So your budget is inside of a Bill. You know, the Bill has got a number on it. But the DOJ portion thereof, you know, you're seeking $8 billion dollars. We have another part of this budget that has been growing exponentially. It has moved from $1 billion to $7 billion. It is the federal prison budget.    And it is a big concern, because the federal prison system is gobbling up this budget that this Committee has discretion over. And there is a sense that the country incarcerates people that do not need to be incarcerated. In fact, we incarcerate more people than any other country in the world.    And so we set up a commission that has got two former members leading it--J.C. Watts out of Oklahoma and Alan Mollohan out of West Virginia. We put some experts on it, including the head of corrections from the State of Pennsylvania, which I think was a very wise choice. And they are looking at what it is that we might be doing about something that we kind of call Justice Reinvestment. You know, what can we do to move away from things that are not working, this over-emphasis on incarceration and to move in some other direction. And there is some states--Texas has been at the very forefront actually--looking at some very aggressive activities particularly in terms of their juvenile system and not incarcerating so many young people.    So I would be very interested in your view about who the country, you know, that somebody said here, I can't remember who, you know, ``People who have done something we don't like, we shouldn't put in jail. The people we fear and can do us harm, you should put in jail.'' And I would be interested, as the lead law enforcement official in the country, what your view is about this problem and what we should do about it?    Mr. Fattah. Well, this is almost an equal part of our budget to what your request is now. And at one point, it was, you know, at $1 billion. The number of inmates actually has, as the crime rate nationwide, the number of inmates have been going down, and the crime rate is going down. A lot of that actually is happening at the state level, though, not necessarily where we are.    And but, let me move onto a different subject, but the Committee would be interested in your thoughts as we go through this process and as the recommendations from the Colson Group comes back. I am sure the Chairman would be interested in your thoughts.    So Sandy Hook took place a little while ago, but it was a tragedy. And they are, you know, every year not just the loss of a police officer, there are literally, I mean, thousands and thousands of Americans just being shot and killed. And the access to firearms, which the Supreme Court has said, you know, people have a constitutional right to, and that is the law of our land.    As a law enforcement official, how do you, and we, Todd Jones is now leaving as the head of the, you know, one of your sister agencies. What is your thought about what we should be doing, or thinking about, as a nationwide, vis-a-vis, the question of firearms?    Mr. Fattah. And one last question, Mr. Chairman. There have been a lot of debate here on the Hill about prosecution of people that you have locked up as terrorists in Article 3 courts. As best as I can tell, there have been no incidents. There have been no issues. These prosecutions have proceeded during the normal course and justice has been served. Is that your sense of this? Is there some--I mean, because we have this debate. The Administration wants to close Guantanamo and get out of the business of incarcerating people without a trial and, you know, just incarcerating without having any due process, because they think it is a problem for our country internationally. Is there any concern you have about the ability of our court systems to handle these cases?    Mr. Fattah. Yeah, I am not trying to get you in the middle of this.    Mr. Fattah. I am just trying to make sure that you----    Mr. Fattah. Whether or not there should be any concern from our standpoint as a country that our court system is capable.    Mr. Fattah. Of prosecuting?    Mr. Fattah. (Indiscernible).    Mr. Fattah. Thank you. Thank you.    Mr. Fattah. I am looking forward to it also and I am committed to make sure that as has been the case in the past that we end up with a bipartisan product that we can----    Mr. Fattah. Proudly take to the full committee. All right?    Mr. Fattah. No. I think you covered it and I think we will proceed with the hearing.    Mr. Fattah. For each of us to say the same thing because I agree with what you said. All right?    Mr. Fattah. I think compliance with 218 is important and I would be glad to join in with the chairman in however you would like to communicate.    Mr. Fattah. Through either the Office of Legal Counsel, their opinion, if they would like to see it move forward or----    Mr. Fattah. However we can move to a resolution.    Mr. Fattah. Mr. Chairman, I just want to make sure we can clarify the record. I thought what I heard you say was that what we were experiencing was that there was a refusal to provide and then a kind of a filtering process and then the AG or the deputy would then have to go through these documents and then provide them and that the issue for you was that at the end of the day, they are getting the documents and it has just created a process that has wasted money.    Mr. Fattah. And time.    Mr. Fattah. In getting the documents. And I just want to be clear that that is what you said.    Mr. Fattah. Right. It threatens your independence, right.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you.    First of all, I want to congratulate you in becoming chair of the Inspector General's Council. And, you know, as a freshman Member of Congress, I think working with former Congressman Chris Shays, I was one of the sponsors of the Inspector Generals Act. I think that it has worked well.    I have told you this in private. I will tell you again that I think it has worked well and it is important that we focus on the major issues and the major spending in these departments versus kind of cherry picking, you know, at minor issues around coffee and doughnuts at conferences, I mean, so we kind of focus on the big ticket items.    But I want to thank you for the cooperation in resolving some of the issues related to the national youth mentoring grant. There was, you know, some bureaucratic back and forth that caused some very significant hardships for some of our premier youth servicing entities in the country.    And through your good work, you know, I think we kind of moved the ball down the field. So I want to thank you for that. And I do not know why you want to do this job, but I am glad you are doing it and good to see you.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. And it has grown.    Mr. Fattah. Significantly from where it was two years ago. If I could, Mr. Chairman, very quickly I want to compliment Judge Carter and his great work that he did on the Fort Hood banner and made some progress there and the Purple Heart.    Mr. Fattah. And the amendment to the national authorization. And along this general point that the judge is making, the committee has done some work here on Justice Reinvestment. I am not dealing with the immigration side of this, but the broad issue of Justice Reinvestment.    And now we have two former members leading a task force, Congressman Watts and Congressman Mollohan----    Mr. Fattah. With a group of nationally recognized experts looking at this question of, you know, how we could deal with what you say is the number one, number one of the seven issues is our prison population at the federal level. And it is a problem in our states, too. So, you know, we are very interested.    And, two, do your offices have information that is helpful to use, data that is helpful, you know, as we go forward? I am looking at Rand Paul on a major piece of legislation, the REDEEM Act, in this regard.    So there is some broad consensus between Republicans and Democrats that we need to do something different than what we are doing because we presently incarcerate more people than any other country in the world on a per capita basis.    And the federal budget went from $1 billion now to what, $7 billion on the federal prison population. You know, it is taking up a bigger and bigger slice of the DOJ budget.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. In your new role as chair of the IG counsel, one of the big agencies that have all been challenged is the Department of Defense; they have never even been able to comply, even audited, so, you know, I mean at all.    Mr. Fattah. And I think the new goal is to be audit-ready by the time we get to 2025.    Mr. Fattah. Which to have an agency that cannot be audited is a concern. I know the IG counsel in the past had made very strong statements about that, but since it takes up such a large amount of the budget and it is so important to our national defense, it would seem to me that those of us who are interested in efficiency and effectiveness would be as focused on that in terms of pushing for the help now.