    Mr. McGovern. Thank you very much.    This is toward Administrator Karsting. I am a big fan of the McGovern-Dole Program, which has been in operation now for slightly over a decade, and I remember when it first began. It just seems like yesterday. But the program has come a long way, and one of the things that I have been really impressed with USDA about is its ability to kind of adapt and adjust and to constantly make the necessary changes to the program so that it is the most effective that it could possibly be.    Now, I just would be curious if you could describe what you think are the most important lessons that have been learned in implementing the program, and what are you most proud of?    Mr. McGovern. Well, I appreciate that. Again, I appreciate the innovation as well as the willingness to make the necessary adjustments to make the program as effective as it possibly can be.    I just wanted to say that one of the things that has been very helpful has been with regard to Feed the Future, which falls under the USAID, but they have had a very proactive approach to try to remind Members what Feed the Future is all about and how it is evolving and all the things they are accomplishing, all the things it has accomplished.    I would like to suggest that it would be great to see a similar effort on McGovern-Dole. Members would be very proud of this program. I am not sure how many people are really aware of all that it does, but if they were, the support would be even greater if they knew about the program and how the combination of U.S. commodities and purchased commodities, technical assistance and cash grants combine to feed and educate millions of some of the most vulnerable kids in the world, including a lot of girls who otherwise would never go to school if it wasn't for this program.    It is one of the great success stories in our foreign aid programs, especially with regard to food assistance, and we ought to do more of it. I visited a McGovern-Dole Program when it initially happened in a displaced persons community in Colombia. And a young mother came up to me and the Ambassador and thanked us very much for this program because her son, who was 11 years old, every day was trying to be recruited by one of the armed actors, and in exchange, they promised the mother they would feed the kid.    And now, with this program, the mother was able to put her son in school, but we need to figure out a way to make more people aware of it because that would translate to more support.    Mr. McGovern. And that is part of kind of the proactive stance I am looking for so that when Members go on CODELs, they know enough to know that there are these programs, these school feeding programs for them to see because they would be very impressed, but thank you for all the great work that you are doing.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Austin Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Dolcini, the USDA arbitrarily dropped the posted county price for peanuts by $170 a ton on August 18. This pushed the price below the loan rate. That is a big deal to farm families; it is no additional support to the producer. It counts against payment limits as a market and loan gain.    And it seems that there was no real economic justification for this dramatic reduction. And I have seen a review from the University of Georgia's National Center for Peanut Competitiveness. They see no evidence that the reason for the drop justifies the amount of the drop, and I would just like a commitment that you would, if you will, review what was done there, review the report from the National Center for Peanut Competitiveness and that we take into consideration that this is a substantial drop, and it has a substantial impact on farm families. If you read the release from the agency, it was simply to move peanuts out of storage. And shellers aren't going to shell peanuts just for the sake of shelling peanuts when they have to pay cold storage versus a regular storage.    And so have you received any comments on that, if you would, just kind of a general question maybe what happened there, what----    Mr. McGovern. Thank you very much.    Let me begin by expressing my gratitude to all of you for what you do and for the millions of people in this country who benefit from the work that you and your agencies do. The programs that you oversee represent the best of this country. And I think that one of the things that was said, you made this point that the number of people on the SNAP rolls is decreasing, but the reality is that there are still a lot of people on SNAP. And a lot of people on SNAP are working people because, quite frankly, they are working and they don't earn a decent wage so they still qualify for government assistance.    But there is a lot of talk in this Committee and in Congress about the need for more flexibility when it comes to SNAP. And I always worry that flexibility is a code word for block grants. That would be a terrible mistake and would lead to increasing hunger in this country.    We already have a case study of what block granting SNAP looks like. It is in the Northern Mariana Islands. When Congressman Sablan was a Member of this Committee, he passionately advocated for full SNAP for all of his constituents. And right now we are seeing the shortcomings of block grants. The islands were devastated by a recent typhoon and thousands of residents are in need of food assistance. But with a fixed pot of money, the SNAP block grants simply can't keep up with the demand.    So can you talk a little bit about what we are learning from the situation in the Northern Mariana Islands right now, and what are the limitations of a block grant in cases of natural disasters or other emergency situations, and is this really the kind of flexibility that we ought to be expanding?    Let me just say one final thing. If I have one critique of the program, it is that the benefit is not adequate to meet a family's needs. When I go to food banks at the end of each month, a lot of the people that are in line are families who are on SNAP because their benefit has run out. Granted, the mood in this Congress is not going to expand SNAP. I wish it would. But we have to understand that this benefit is not adequate to meet the nutrition needs of a family. I yield to you on that and on the issue of block granting.