    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This line of questioning is concerning to me, the responses.    Last May, former Congressman Henry Waxman recommended that the Chairman consult with Board members to establish an investigation plan. And it's been stated here today that that was a request and a desire of some Board members.    I think such a plan would allow the CSB to prioritize its investigations better, to better control its workload and resources to ensure that investigations are completed. And, frankly, it gives us accountability.    Mr. Griffon, has an investigation plan been developed, yes or no?    Mrs. Lawrence. But it was requested last May. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. And you also requested a public business plan to obtain information on the status of all open investigations. Is that right?    Mrs. Lawrence. So I understand you made the requests. What were the responses?    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Chairman, in your testimony, you're not even addressing an investigation plan. You talk about the backlog. Can you tell me why the request was denied?    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Griffon, I asked you that question, and the Chairman just stated that there has been a plan submitted. What was your response to that?    Mrs. Lawrence. You know, it has been----    Mrs. Lawrence . It has been demonstrated today that there are--Mr. Engler, did you have a comment?    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, I agree with you 100 percent. As a matter of fact, I want to state today on the record that this is totally unacceptable. When we look at the responsibility and the vote of trust that is placed in this agency and we do not have an accountable investigation plan, that is totally unacceptable.    Mr. Chairman, you're stating that you have a period of time that you will still be the Chairman. What is your commitment that an investigative plan--an investigation plan will be established, voted on for this Board? What is--give me a commitment today. And not an action plan.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you. I think that clearly defines where there is a breakdown, and what you perceive as a real, accountable investigation plan--and I feel strongly that this Board has an obligation to do that.    And I yield my time, Mr. Chairman.