    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Today, we hear the testimony of three employees from the Transportation Security Administration who allege a series of abuses and improper practices within that agency. Whistleblowers are essential to identifying waste, fraud, and abuse, and they are critical to this committee's mission.    In fact, based on the work conducted by this committee today, Federal statutes protect employees who will bring wrongdoing to light. I know the chairman and I share a strong commitment to ensuring that Federal employees who come before us are protected from retaliation and reprisal.    Equally important, we as members of the committee also have an obligation to run these allegations to ground and determine if we can substantiate them. Of course, just as we want to protect whistleblowers from retaliation, I am sure we all agree that we also want to protect Federal employees from claims that are not substantiated.    I thank all three of these men who have stepped forward today for their willingness to testify and for the information that they provided in their transcribed interviews with the committee staff. These individuals have raised troubling allegations of improper personnel practices within TSA. All three have filed complaints with the Office of Special Counsel through the Equal Employment Opportunity process or in Federal court. Each allegation we have heard deserves a thorough and fair investigation. I think these three individuals deserve that, too.    Unfortunately, as we hold this hearing today, the committee has not yet had an opportunity to complete such an investigation. In some cases, we have not spoken with those who have firsthand knowledge of the allegations we have heard. We have also not yet heard from TSA regarding most of the allegations raised by these employees. I hope the committee will talk with all of the individuals involved and review all of the documents relevant to the issues we will discuss today in all that is fairness and that is thoroughness.    Many of the allegations our witnesses today have raised were initiated under previous agency administrators. In some cases, the allegations were even resolved under previous administrators. It also appears that the current TSA administrator, Vice Admiral Peter Neffenger, has moved to address many of the practices that have been cited by the whistleblowers. One of today's witnesses, Jay Brainard, described this progress in his transcribed interview with the committee by saying, ``I think we have made tremendous progress with Mr. Neffenger.'' He added, ``Since Mr. Neffenger has come in, I have heard nothing in terms of misconduct.''    Under Administrator Neffenger, TSA has issued new policies that clarify the membership and the role of the Executive Resources Council, curtail the abuse of awarded multiple achievement bonuses for the same activities, and ensure that directed reassignments are made only to support agency goals.    Administrator Neffenger has also moved to address the airport security lapses identified by the inspector general and by the agency's own testing teams that we examined in this committee's hearing on TSA last fall. He has ended the Managed Inclusion II program that permitted individuals who had not received background risk assessments to receive expedited screening, and he has placed agency focus squarely on resolving all alarms at screening checkpoints. As Administrator Neffenger testified before this committee last fall, he is ``readjusting the measurements of success to focus on security rather than speed.''    And so I am pleased to see that his actions are beginning to show real progress. However, people may not want to hear this, but these actions are likely to slow lines at airports even further, and things may get even worse if TSA's workforce continues to be reduced.    Administrator Neffenger recently testified that the TSA has nearly 6,000 fewer transportation security officers in his workforce than it had 4 years ago. It is being asked to do more with less, and that is indeed a problem.    So I hope that our committee will continue to focus on holding TSA accountable for completing essential reforms and that we will provide him with the resources he needs to do his job.    And so I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses today, and I want to thank you all for being with us.    Mr. Chairman, with that, I will yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. I am very pleased, Mr. Chairman, that Mr. Livingston is a resident of Columbia, Maryland. This is an area that is shared between my district and the district represented by my distinguished colleague, Congressman Sarbanes. Mr. Livingston is a constituent of Congressman Sarbanes, and Mr. Sarbanes has written a letter to the committee to express his support for Mr. Livingston and to urge ``that the committee thoroughly investigate Mr. Livingston's claims.'' And I just ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, that Congressman Sarbanes' letter be included in the record.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I want to thank you for being here. And I am concerned about the allegations. I think they are very serious allegations. And we definitely need to have a thorough inquiry so we can hear all sides. I think you would agree with that?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Livingston, you testified that you were removed from your position, and basically, you were demoted, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So two grades, that meant you lost some pay?    Mr. Cummings. About how much did you lose?    Mr. Cummings. And you said that right at the end of your--so you said that they did it right at the end of your 1-year ----    Mr. Cummings. So how close were you to the end of the period before they did this?    Mr. Cummings. And what do you think the probationary period is for?    Mr. Cummings. So as I understand it, during your probationary period, you don't have certain important rights, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Like the ability to challenge your demotion to appeal, right?    Mr. Cummings. So they basically demoted you, and they can demote you if they want to and you don't have any adequate protections and there is no due process during that period, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So you must have been very upset about that?    Mr. Cummings. So during your interview with the committee staff, you were asked if it would be easier for agencies to retaliate against employees if probationary periods were extended beyond 1 year, you said, ``yes,'' is that ----    Mr. Cummings. You were also asked, ``Given what happened to you and you claim that TSA retaliated against you during your probationary period, would you support probationary periods that are longer than the 1 year?'' And you said, ``no,'' is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So there is a proposal that has been made before our committee ----    Mr. Cummings. That would mean that you could have been demoted even if you worked there even longer. Do you think that that is a good idea?    Mr. Cummings. So if we made it longer, then whistleblowers like you would have fewer due process protections for an even longer period of time. And you would oppose that change?    Mr. Cummings. I got you.    Mr. Cummings. Okay. So, Mr. Brainard and Mr. Rhoades, do you agree with that, and do you oppose having a longer probationary period when whistleblowers like you would have for your protections?    Mr. Cummings. So you have a situation where you are saying no matter who is at the top, you have got people that have been there--I guess, most of these people have been there for a while?    Mr. Cummings. Did you want to say something, Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Cummings. Yes, let me finish my question. So no matter who you have at the top, you have got these folks underneath. I guess many of them have been around for as long as TSA has been around, I guess, am I right?    Mr. Cummings. And are these people easily identifiable? I mean, is it easy to know who they are?    Mr. Cummings. And so they basically--so Neffenger can do whatever he wants or put out whatever mandates or rules to correct the situations generally, but unless you have these folks cooperating, it is still not going to be resolved. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Cummings. Things are not going to be resolved?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Thank you very much.    Mr. Cummings. First of all, I am going to have to go to another meeting, but I wanted to thank you all for being here. You have provided some very significant testimony. You know, as I said earlier, I think we need to see the entire picture. But we certainly cannot have a situation where whistleblowers even worry about retaliation let alone be the victims of it. And I think you will get that concern from both sides of the aisle. And so, again, I want to thank you all.    And we have got to find a way to cut out that layer that you are talking about, those people who seem to want things to go on the way they have been going on, and the way they have been going on is not healthy. And it takes away from the morale of the agency and it takes away from its effectiveness and efficiency.    And this whole idea--I know Ms. Norton is going to explore this--but this whole idea of people being sent from one part of the country to another and if that is about retaliation, I am going to tell you something, to me that is criminal.    Mr. Cummings. Because families are so important, and those families who have to go through that hell, you know, your wife is on one end and the husband is on the other, life is short. But anyway, I will yield to Ms. Norton. And thank you.