    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, gentlemen, for your testimony here and--try and look at you while I am talking here with my colleague in the way.    So I appreciate your work that you have been doing. I was 26 years in the military and worked especially, Director Rasmussen, with your organization, and my last assignment at U.S. Africa Command running current operations there to include our counterterrorism operations.    I am aware you all have been dealing with the foreign fighter issue long before a lot of people are now paying attention to it. But we were watching it even back then, 2007 to 2010, where we had foreign fighters flowing from many places but into areas for al-Shabaab training camps and AQAP and AQIM, North Africa, any of these ungoverned spaces, as you know.    I will say as someone in the military, it caused great frustration as much as what we have been talking about today is mostly on the defense, to your terminology. But in order to address this, it needs to be a comprehensive whole-of-Government approach, for sure. But I sure would prefer to be on the offense primarily, and that includes going after these people that have, you know, decided to become enemy combatants in a generational struggle against us, as well as going after the core ideology.    So at the Unclassified level--I mean, you know this. We watched thousands of foreign fighters graduate from these training camps because, quite frankly, we didn't have the political will to do anything about it on the offense at the time, not thinking it was within our interest or it wasn't a threat to our country. God knows where those thousands of jihadists who graduated from these training camps all over Africa--where they are now. I mean, who knows where they are today?    But we just watched them. We let them go. We did nothing about it. Where we had tremendous opportunity to do some things, we just didn't do it. So we have been focusing on the foreign fighter problem with ISIS, but I do want you to comment on your perspective of the foreign fighter problem in other ungoverned areas that we can't forget about, to include many of them in Africa. I would just like your perspectives on what we are seeing through there.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. The next question--I have just a little bit of time here left--is--I know you talked about some community engagement, but you know, this is an Islamic extremist problem. So what in particular is the engagement with the Muslim community in America, the Muslim leaders? Where are you seeing that there are obstacles to having them admit that this is a problem of an extremist portion of their religion, and they need to get on board in order to stop it?    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    My time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.