    Ms. Collazo. Thank you, Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of the Subcommittee. I am Marisol Collazo, Managing Director at DTCC and Chief Executive Officer of the DTCC's Swap Data Repository. I appreciate the opportunity to share my perspective on the current status of swaps data reporting.    In 2009, G20 leaders, committed to making the global OTC derivatives market safer and more transparent. This transparency will assist regulators globally to monitor systemic risk forming in the swaps market. Swap data repositories, or SDRs, emerged as a way to achieve this goal.    Since then, progress has been made and trade reporting regimes are in place across all major jurisdictions. Today, authorities have access to more data than ever before. In the United States, we process 80 million messages a week or more than four billion messages a year.    In order to assess the effectiveness of trade reporting, we must refer back to the two goals of the G20 mandate: First, to provide transparency into opaque markets; and second, for regulators to utilize such transparency to identify and anticipate potential systemic risk.    There are aspects of the data being reported today that are useful to both the CFTC and the public at large. For example, public price transparency is now reported on a real-time basis. This provides a window into a market that was previously opaque. From this data, the CFTC can see volumes and the number of transactions executed daily. Further, the CFTC has an even deeper view of reported data that can be used for surveillance and other regulatory purposes.    Now let's turn to the challenges that remain. Given that the swaps market is inherently cross-border, in order to fully maximize the usefulness of the data reported to SDRs, a globally consistent framework for standardization and governance are needed. Today, unfortunately, inconsistent reporting requirements amongst various jurisdictions are hindering this ability. Global data harmonization and regulatory access to data remain a challenge. DTCC applauds Congress for removing the Dodd-Frank's indemnification provision. However, more work remains. These challenges must be resolved before regulators can effectively aggregate data and determine the systemic risk profile of a global swap dealer.    Based on DTCC's experience, supporting regulatory reporting across nine jurisdictions, we have seen divergent requirements even within the same data elements. This variance has negatively impacted data quality and increased complexity. Instead, we recommend that regulators agree to a standard approach for reporting the core terms of the swap across jurisdictions. Such global consistency will facilitate efforts by regulators to share and aggregate data, allowing for a more complete and harmonized view of the OTC derivatives market.    The CFTC recently issued a request for comment on technical specifications for the reporting of certain data elements. DTCC strongly encourages the CFTC to recognize existing market convention in its effort to improve currently reported data. The CFTC should carefully consider if any proposed changes significantly add value or if they inject unintended complexity into the current reporting system.    We also encourage the CFTC to align with policy-making efforts underway globally such as those spearheaded by CPMI-IOSCO to establish consistent data standards. For example, much progress has been made on establishing a recommended standard for product and transaction identifiers. We look forward to the remaining work that CPMI-IOSCO will take on for other key data elements.    Another important step is the establishment of a governance framework to facilitate management of this global data set and regulatory access to data. This framework will help ensure that standards are maintained and updated as markets evolve.    In conclusion, the priorities I have outlined will assist in realizing the G20 goals of market transparency and systemic risk oversight. We believe that Congress must ensure regulators remain focused on implementing such framework as I have described. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to present and participate in today's hearing, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Collazo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that question. It is an excellent one because it is one that is often discussed. Adding to what Tara just described, it is one about understanding all the activity, these financial companies have many entities, and making sure that the regulator can see the activity of the entity at the parent level, across all of the subsidiaries and branches that they may have.    But there is another important point here as well, particularly as it relates to credit default swaps, and the Lehman crisis was a classic example of that. Lehman Brothers was an entity as well that, for credit default swaps, that was the underlying security. And that transaction could occur between two non-U.S. entities. And during that crisis, there were rumors that the outstanding debt that firms would have to pay with Lehman going bankrupt was over $400 billion. Well, we were actually able to look at the contract because we offered a post-trade processing service that had all the global data. And we saw that through aggregating that, it wasn't $400 billion, it was $6 billion. But the important point here is that these are contracts that neither side was a U.S. party, yet had a significant systemic impact. And that to me is a sort of classic example for why regulators need to be working together globally because these are inherently cross-border trades, and there are going to be trades outside our jurisdiction that is going to be relevant, particularly in a time of crisis for our authorities to be able to see that information. Thank you.    The Chairman. Were you able to see that difference immediately, the difference in the $400 billion and the $6 billion?    Ms. Collazo. So it was speculation of the $400 billion notional. There were rumors essentially that the payout on Lehman bankruptcy for credit default swaps by those who held these transactions and had sold protection, they would have to pay at time of auction, north of $400 billion.    DTCC was uniquely positioned at that time because we were providing post-trade. We were essentially performing the management of the operations of the credit default swaps. And so we took that data and we looked at the payments if the auction occurred. And the number was not $400 billion. We identified that if the auction was zero recovery rate, the amount would be $6 billion. In fact, when the auction for Lehman occurred, the exchange of payments was $5.2 billion.    The Chairman. If I can, did that take a day? Did it take a week? Did it take a month? How long did it take you to determine that it was going to be $6 billion, not $400 billion?    Ms. Collazo. A very long, painful day.    The Chairman. A day? Thank you. I will recognize Mr. Scott from Georgia for any questions that he may have.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Collazo, did I say that right?    Ms. Collazo. Yes, you did, Ranking Member.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Wonderful. I was very intrigued by your testimony, but I have to agree with you. The cross-border harmonization issue is very critical. Share with us a moment because you talked about the nine jurisdictions that you have. Tell us what those jurisdictions are. And then you mentioned the workload capacity of did you say 80 million messages? I didn't get it. Was that 80 million per year or was it per day? And then what is that other figure?    In other words, what I am trying to get at is the enormity of this problem and why the issue of transparency is so critical to identifying systemic risk? But a good starting point is that you are right. They are sort of in the wheelhouse, and that was a profound amount of work that you issued before us. Could you elaborate on those points?    Ms. Collazo. I would be happy to. Thank you for that question. It is certainly at the heart of what I was trying to communicate regarding the enormity and the global impact. So I appreciate it.    So in answer to your first question, as it relates to nine jurisdictions, these represent the United States under the CFTC. We also cover reporting in Europe under the ESMA regulations. We are also in Australia, Singapore, and Japan. And we support reporting for three Canadian provinces.    And so we have been uniquely positioned really to look across that data set and identify where those divergences exist. When I speak about the enormity of the data that is coming in, the 80 million messages a week that I described, as it relates to U.S. volume coming through, really is to sort of set the context of how much activity, messages, are just coming through, and that this is something in terms of data standards that become so important when you see this size of information.    In terms of globally what we support for these nine jurisdictions, we see approximately 300 million a week. So this is big. And when we sort of think about how we arrive at reliability, usability of the information, it is not a one-size-fits-all. It has to be a means where we can, and my colleague, Tara Kruse, mentioned this, where we can leverage existing market conventions.    In that example of the $400 billion and the $6 billion, why were we able to aggregate that information in a day? Because we have the data held in a highly standard way for credit default swaps.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. I want to get to my other point. I have about a minute left. I want to ask how difficult or expensive is it, given all of what you are talking about there, for smaller players in these markets like our end-users? And Mr. Gil, you may chip in here, too, because that is where the rubber meets the pavement for us is the complexity of what this makes for our end-users to interface with the SDRs and accurately report swaps data.    Ms. Collazo. Yes. So I will say a few brief words and then I will let Mr. Gil respond to that as well. The work that we are proposing here will actually drive efficiency, remove complexity, and ultimately that will benefit the end-users and in fact, I would even add would enable them to have a level of transparency into this data being reported that would support the efforts both from the G20 goal as well as end-users actually having some benefit here.    Ms. Collazo. Thank you for the question, Congressman. In terms of the governance model, it is really a jumping off point from what Tara Kruse just discussed which is their existing market standards. And our hope and expectation is that those standards are recognized at a global level.    But we also know that standards evolve over time. And we don't want it to be----    Ms. Collazo. So essentially what we would like to see is that the governance model is such that it has representatives from each of the jurisdictions, major jurisdictions that have derivatives data and that they are constantly--that they can take inquiries. It can be a governance model that is owned by the industry, such as ISDA has particular governance oversight of certain data elements. Regulators representing multiple jurisdictions can be part of that governance framework. And then there can be a process for as the standards evolve for this governance framework, to review it, to comment on it, and to make sure that it is aligned with how entities would report and the changes they would have to make to this.    Ms. Collazo. I would add one other comment in terms of the data and having a much more narrow focus on improving the quality there. Really, it is about the ability, when we think about usability, it is about transforming this data into information. And the only way to do that is to have a consistent standard. So we would absolutely agree that narrowing the focus on what are the key economic terms, what are the key data elements, for example, the parties to the trade that are needed to be able to aggregate and have useful information. Data in and of itself is not information.    And so when looking at that, we think that there is a much more narrow set of data elements. In fact we did suggest to CPMI-IOSCO that that data set is somewhere in the vicinity of 30 to 50 fields. And we made that specific recommendation on those fields for credit derivatives. So we would really urge that there be a much more narrow lens around these data standards, that the focus is around how would that information be used? What aggregation, what output of the data would be utilized by the regulators? And that is the objective we should be turning our attention to.    Ms. Collazo. Thank you, Congressman, for the question. I would absolutely agree with the comments that Ms. Kruse made, and this is a real concern because we have talked about globally but even domestically we have these challenges. We are very concerned about the impact that it will have in terms of the quality of the data that we will receive. These types of fields, additional fields that are being recommended by the SEC is not information that is otherwise held in a systemic way. There are challenges in adhering to it in terms of the end-user impact. How are the swap dealers to gather this kind of information? As a swap data repository, how can I know that that information is actually accurate? And it is also morphing into concerns such as personal information. There are additional obligations that the SEC regulation has about a swap data repository being an issuer of these identifiers. And we do not believe that that is a role that a repository should play, and we question the value of that measured against the information that would be derived.