    Mr. Lord. I thank you, Chairman Coffman, Ranking Member Kuster, and other distinguished members of the committee. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our recent work on VA land-use agreements. This is an important issue because the agreements, if managed properly, can help leverage VA resources and help provide needed benefits to veterans.    Today I would like to highlight the findings of our 2014 report. Briefly we looked at the reliability of VA's data on these holdings, its billing and collection process, as well as its systems for monitoring whether the agreements are up to date or have, in fact, expired. I think it is important to first point out that our findings related to the visits to the three centers are not generalizeable. Again, we visited West L.A., North Chicago, and a New York facility.    Regarding the first point, data reliability, when we started this audit, I asked my team a very simple question: Well, how many land-use agreements does VA currently have in effect? And what level of funding is associated with these agreements? And the bottom line is we had a hard time answering that very simple question. For example, we found that some agreements were not loaded into the central repository, other agreements were in the database that were actually expired and should never have been there. And it was really difficult to get full visibility over the overall number of holdings. So therefore, we questioned the reliability of the data and made some recommendations to VA to help improve that.    Regarding the second point, the billings and collection process, we found weaknesses at the three centers. In the actual billing, the bills they actually sent out, we found that VA underbilled by $300,000, which is a significant amount. We also found in other cases they didn't bill at all, the agreements had expired and private entities continued to occupy VA space, and that concerned us as well.    Finally, we found that VA needed to do a better job of monitoring the status of the agreements. They all have different terms, different conditions, they expire at different times. That would have helped them identify the one case in West L.A., where a non-profit, they simply waived a revenue of $250,000 a year because of financial hardship, even though that is not allowed by VA policy.    Again, in New York we made a site visit, we observed seven antennas on top of a facility. We said, well, whose antennas are those? And bottom line is they didn't know. They should have been receiving revenues associated with the antennas. These are all examples that underscore the importance of sound billing, effective monitoring.    In closing, it is clear VA needs to improve in all these areas. There is some good news in all of this. We made six important recommendations to the Secretary to improve the reliability of the data, the billings and collection process, their overall monitoring system. VA has embraced all six recommendations and they have given us several updates on where they are in implementing these recommendations. That is going to help strengthen the management of these expensive holdings. However, it is still too early to tell whether they are going to be successful. As you know, the devil is in the details. And we are going to continue to monitor that over the next few months. Again, once implemented, these recommendations will help ensure additional benefits are provided to needy veterans.    Chairman Coffman, other distinguished members, that concludes my testimony. I look forward to any questions you have about our report, as well as the new framework agreement which was just executed in late January. I studied that in great detail in preparation for this hearing as well.    Mr. Lord. Yes, as long as you can establish a nexus to healthcare resources or medical services. I read the statement of congressional intent in preparing for the hearing. I think that was the failing of the prior agreement. They were collecting revenues, but there was no direct relationship to the provision of healthcare services to veterans. So I would argue you can still maintain the agreements if you do it properly and you can leverage existing resources. That is the issue.    Mr. Lord. Well, a rough order of magnitude when I asked a basic question how many agreements are we talking about, it was roughly about 400. And that includes all types of agreements, not just sharing agreements. It was over--about $25 million, but some agreements they waived the revenue provision, so potentially it is much more significant. But you need reliable data to really answer that question. That is why I want to be real cautious about providing even rough order of magnitude estimates.    Mr. Lord. I would argue it is positive. Of course, it is going to depend on how it is executed and practiced. Not to use the old cliche the devil is in the details, but it includes an exit strategy, as Chairman Coffman elaborated on. Also by this Friday, if you read it closely, the VA is to submit a strategy for homeless veterans and an action plan, so we don't have to wait until October to see what is going to happen. By this Friday, they have to submit this new action plan and related strategy.    Mr. Lord. Common practice, I don't know how to respond to that. I will acknowledge it is more complicated when you have all these stakeholders involved, centrally and at the local level. Even at the local level, you have different offices involved in tracking fiscal, contracting, business, operations.    Mr. Lord. For sharing agreements they have decentralized that function to the centers. I am not saying you necessarily have to fail given that, if you managed it properly you can still do a good job due to the centralized approach.    Mr. Lord. Sure. I believe in trust, but you also have to verify, verify they are doing things consistently.    Mr. Lord. No, that was for the three centers we visited of the bills they sent out.    Mr. Lord. Yes, that is of the invoices they sent out which is part of the problem, but we also reported, and in some cases, they didn't bill at all.    Mr. Lord. That was for the one year, we did the drill down at the three centers, we looked at fiscal year 2012 data, that was the most recent data we had at the time of our review.    Mr. Lord. We have never done a direct comparison, but in general, I am sure you know a Federal real property, it is on GAO's high-risk list, it has been on the list since 2003. So in general there is--other agencies experience challenges in managing real property, VA is certainly not the only one in this area.