    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the panel for the informative presentations today.    I am from Arkansas. We don't have much offshore exploration in Arkansas, but I am trying to get up to speed on this as much as possible. I have been reviewing the process, and I notice that BSEE has collaborative agreements with at least 12 other agencies through Memorandums of Understanding, Memorandums of Agreement, and interagency arrangements. It seems like a very cumbersome and complicated process in a lot of areas where regulation takes place on the industry.    Mr. Herbst, you said you were a chemical engineer and a professional engineer. I am also a professional engineer, so I understand a little bit about how technology works. Also, I know as a professional engineer, one of our foremost objectives is to protect the public safety, health, and welfare.    It has been interesting in committee meetings in DC when EPA comes in, who is one of your collaborators in the Federal agencies. They always talk about public health, safety, and welfare. Last week, we had a hearing on the Animus River chemical spill. Through the hearing it was pretty obvious that the EPA was very negligent of their responsibility in protecting the public health, safety, and welfare; and I believe had it been a private company that was as negligent as EPA was, that there would be a huge outcry over that.    When we look at this Well Control Rule, the blowout prevention regulations, they are very prescriptive. To my understanding, there is technology there that is not even proven yet, and these rules were developed by you guys. We heard testimony about how the industry has increased their safety requirements through API rules.    When I was in engineering school, they taught us that when you are writing specifications, you specify results and you don't get real descriptive in your specifications, because when you specify very descriptively, you are actually specifying the design of this equipment. It sounds like you are doing that on the blowout preventers. So with that, you take on the liability of the design.    So, is BSEE prepared to fully warrant or fully back up the blowout preventer designs that they are proposing in the well, and to take full liability for those in case they are put into place and they happen to fail or there are problems with them?    Mr. Westerman. I am running short on time here.    Mr. Leimkuhler, do you believe the industry or BSEE has more expertise in well design? And, can you briefly share some examples of how provisions in the Well Control Rule actually undermine safe operations rather than enhance the current safety culture that we see in the Gulf? Also, do you feel like BSEE has worked as closely with industry on these rules as they should?    Mr. Westerman. Fourteen seconds.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As we have gone through this discussion and the things I have read about in the past, the term ``drilling margin'' comes up. It seems to be one of the key issues here, and obviously the safe drilling margin has to do with pressures in the drilling rig and in the pipe. But there is also another kind of margin that is an economic margin, that I think Dr. Mason has talked about, and it seems like this drilling margin may create such a small economic margin that it is going to hurt the industry in such a way that even the research at LSU can be affected into coming up with new renewable kinds of energy, which I am a big proponent of as long as they are economical.    So, Dr. Mason, in your research, have you looked at the relative economics of fossil fuel energy versus renewable energy in our current state?    Mr. Westerman. The last two Western Gulf and Central Gulf lease sales had the lowest number of bids in 20 years. What are the causes for such low industry interest in purchasing leases?    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Leimkuhler, what do you believe are some reasons for the drop-off in interest?    Mr. Westerman. Do you think we will see similar results in the recently announced lease sale for next spring?    Mr. Westerman. OK.    Ms. Davis, your company is not conducting any offshore drilling operations and would not fall under any of these regulatory provisions, yet you are adamant about the negative consequences this rule will have and how it will impact your business. I know in Arkansas it can even impact business. It can impact the economy across the whole country.    Were you invited to meet with BSEE this year and share any of your views?    Mr. Westerman. To your knowledge, did BSEE conduct any listening sessions in the Gulf region to hear about possible unintended consequences of the rule?    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Herbst, can you address that?    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Smith.