    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, witnesses, for being here today.    As a person born in Puerto Rico, this has hit close to home. I am now the Representative from Idaho, which is very far away from Puerto Rico, but, obviously, I have many memories. I left the island when I was 13. I have many friends and family members, and I am concerned about the crisis that is happening in Puerto Rico, unfortunately, a crisis that is self-imposed. This is not a crisis of the Government of the United States imposing bad policies on the people of Puerto Rico. This is a crisis of the people of Puerto Rico making unfortunate decisions that have led us to this point that we are dealing with it in Natural Resources, and I wish we were not here to deal with this issue.    I just have a few questions, and I am hopeful that this oversight board will take seriously the opportunity to provide Congress and the President with recommendations on what additional steps we can take on economic policy, because the board by itself and restructuring by itself is not sufficient. There are many other things that we need to do to make sure that the people of Puerto Rico can use the best tools.    And as a conservative Republican, I hope those tools are pro-market tools, because we have seen some anti-market tools being used in Puerto Rico for a long time that have led to this crisis.    Mayor Williams, I thank you for being here again. I have always enjoyed your testimony. How does this bill's oversight board differ from the financial control board that was put in place for DC, and how is it similar?    Mr. Labrador. You mentioned that you would actually prefer a stronger control board. Do you think we could make this a stronger control board?    Mr. Labrador. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Miller, a lot has been said over the past few weeks that this bill will have a disastrous impact on the municipal bond market. Are those predictions accurate, and why or why not?    Mr. Labrador. If we pass this bill, will the municipalities in my state, in Idaho, will they have a more difficult time issuing bonds than they have in the past?    Mr. Labrador. Will the state of Idaho or any other state have a more difficult time issuing bonds?    Mr. Labrador. No. Thank you.    Professor Kent, does this bill set a precedent that will allow states to declare bankruptcy?    Mr. Labrador. Is this bill constitutional that we are discussing today?    Mr. Labrador. OK.    And, Mr. Kirpalani, when we are talking about this debt, there have been some groups that have been calling this Super Chapter 9. Why is this not, or why is it Super Chapter 9? Why isn't it Super Chapter 9?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you.    I yield back.