    Mr. Costello. Good afternoon, everyone, and the Subcommittee will come to order. Chairman Wenstrup has a scheduling conflict and apologizes for not being able to join us today. I am pleased that we were still able to reschedule this important hearing following the snowstorm that caused us to postpone it last month.    The subject of today's hearing is the Loan Guaranty Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs. The major mission of this service is the administration of the VA Home Loan Program. This benefit was originally authorized by the Servicemembers' Readjustment Act of 1944 and has provided over 22 million loans to veterans since its inception. While the home loan program is a wonderful benefit that helps veterans achieve their piece of the American dream, it is also a win-win for taxpayers. Unlike most other VA benefits programs, the home loan program operates as a partnership between the VA and the private mortgage industry. It is because of this partnership and the VA's high underwriting standards that VA-backed loans consistently have one of the lowest foreclosure and delinquency rates in the country.    While the benefit provides a great service to veterans, there is always room for improvement. I am concerned there are veterans who are unaware of this benefit and I look forward to hearing from the VA about their outreach efforts. I am also concerned that the current cap on loan guaranty amounts excludes as many as 12,000 veterans who live in high cost areas from using this benefit. Yesterday, the House passed a version of Mr. Zeldin's legislation that removed this cap. I am hopeful that our colleagues in the Senate will consider this proposal quickly and send it to the President's desk.    The other issue we will examine this afternoon is the administration of VA's Specially Adaptive Housing Program that provides grant funding for severely injured veterans to adapt their homes to make them more accessible for their needs. Some of our witnesses have raised concerns about the amount of paperwork and processing delays associated with this benefit. While I understand there is a need to examine each veteran's circumstances to appropriately fund the adaptation that fits their needs, we must strive to improve timeliness of service for all veterans.    Finally, I would like to commend Mr. Frueh and the staff of VA's Home Loan Guaranty Service for their dedication and their willingness to work with the Members and staff of this Subcommittee. They truly represent the model for positive interactions with Congress, and I wish other parts of the department would take a page out of their play book.    With that, it gives me great pleasure to recognize Mr. Takano for any opening remarks he may have.    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Takano. On our first and only panel we have Ms. Heather Ansley with Paralyzed Veterans of America; Mr. Ross Meglathery, with VetsFirst; Mr. James Danis testifying on behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association; Ms. Sherri Meadows testifying on behalf of the National Association of Realtors; and finally, Mr. Mike Frueh, who is the Director of VA's Loan Guaranty Service. Thank you all for being here. Each of you will be recognized for five minutes for your oral statement. Ms. Ansley, let's start with you.    Mr. Costello. Thank you. Mr. Meglathery?    Mr. Costello. Thank you. We will recess and reconvene very shortly.    Mr. Costello. I call the hearing back to order and recognize Mr. Danis on behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association.    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Danis. Ms. Meadows testifying on behalf of the National Association of Realtors, welcome.    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Ms. Meadows. Mr. Frueh, who is the Director of the VA's Loan Guaranty Service, welcome.