    Mr. Bianchi. Mr. Chairman and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Dominic Bianchi, and I am the general counsel of the U.S. International Trade Commission. Thank you for inviting me to appear today before you. As Mr. Conyers noted earlier on, the Commission is an independent quasi-judicial Federal agency. We are actually more unique than any other independent agency or commission that is out there. We do not do policy. We do not address policy. That is for Congress and the executive branch to do.    So I want to assure you that the Commission implements the law that Congress has passed. We will continue to implement that, based on the interpretations by the Federal circuit until Congress amends the law. If Congress does amend the law or the Federal circuit changes one of our decisions, we will implement that policy.    In Section 337 cases, however, the Commission sits akin to an Article III Court, as mentioned before, in hearing cases. The overwhelming majority of investigations that occur under the Section 337 before the Commission are based on claims of patent infringement. If a violation is found, as noted earlier, the statute allows for only two types of remedies, at the ITC--an exclusion order and/or a cease-and-desist order.    The Commission focuses on conducting expeditious, fair, and technically sound decision-making to resolve allegations of intellectual property infringement and other unfair acts. Similar to the Federal courts, a Section 337 investigation includes all aspects of patent disputes, including topics relating to validity, infringement, remedy, and competitive conditions. We apply the same law that the district courts do.    What differentiates the Commission, however, from Federal courts is that the Commission does not institute an investigation before the sufficiency of a complaint is assessed. This assessment includes the agency requesting input from the potential respondents and the public regarding whether there are statutory public interest considerations raised by the complaint. At the time of institution, if the Commission determines that there are any particular case-dispositive issues that may resolve the investigation within a matter of months, it may place it in an early disposition program, as mentioned earlier today.    Also as you have heard, the Commission has established a practice of responding to community input by initiating a variety of programs to more efficiently and expeditiously bring to a close those matters that otherwise would impose undue costs on parties, the Commission, and the broader system.    The Commission also determines whether the public interest considerations warrant the development of a full factual record regarding the statutory public interest factors, and thus it can delegate this issue to the administrative law judge for fact-finding. Once the investigation begins, the agency develops a complete administrative record based on discovery, provides a full and fair opportunity for the parties to present testimony and cross-examination at a hearing, and provides the parties with the opportunity to provide written briefs. The Commission staffs its investigatory process with IP experts, IP attorneys and qualified ALJs solely dedicated to adjudicating IP cases.    After the ALJ issues a final, initial determination, the parties have the opportunity to petition the Commission for review. Typically, if the Commission determines to review, it will ask the parties to respond to specific questions, including specific questions regarding the public interest factors.    If the Commission finds a violation and a remedy, and issues a remedy, the President of the United States has 60 days to review the order and determine whether to disapprove the order on policy grounds. Appeals of the Commission's decisions in Section 337 investigations are made to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit--the same court that reviews patent decisions of the district courts.    The Commission recognizes the statutory mandate to resolve cases at the earliest practical time and has taken a variety of steps to do so. These include developing pilot programs, developing new procedural rules, and substantial investment in the Commission's electronic record system for case management. The Commission routinely seeks input in its processes and diligently considers feedback from stakeholders on ways to improve the processes and procedures. I welcome the Committee's views. Thank you.    Mr. Bianchi. The former--and so, whether there is one case----    Mr. Bianchi. Sorry, sir. One is the correct answer under the pilot program. Under the previous program before we developed the pilot program, there was another case that the Commission essentially did.    Mr. Bianchi. That is correct.    Mr. Bianchi. That is correct.    Mr. Bianchi. So in a district court where an injunction is available, in essence the court would be saying to one of the parties, you cannot do something.    Mr. Bianchi. It depends.    Mr. Bianchi. If the judge were to feel that the evidence were there and requirements were met for injunctive release, then yes.    Mr. Bianchi. Sorry, sir. Mr. Chairman, do I have----    Mr. Bianchi. I just wanted to make sure. So I think it is actually the reverse of what you are saying. The Commission is typically much faster than a district court. So let me give you an example.    Mr. Bianchi. At the Commission, once a case is instituted by the Commission, you will get to a hearing before an ALJ within about nine and a half months. In a district court, it could easily be two and a half years.    Mr. Bianchi. If the Federal court felt that the measures were met, but most likely what I was trying to articulate, sir, under where we differ from Federal courts----    Mr. Bianchi . Is that we have very specific pleading requirements that--and requirements before we institute. The Commission has 30 days to decide whether or not those requirements are met, whereas in a district court proceeding, you have a notice pleading in general.    Mr. Bianchi . And it could be a year later before you get to the point where we are at after 1 month at the Commission.    Mr. Bianchi. Well, I have to answer from the perspective of the Commission, which sits in this instance as a court. So I cannot address specifics other than to let you know that we are statutorily required to consider four public interest factors, including competitive conditions in the United States, and also the effect on consumers. The Commission does that when it considers a remedy. And as was noted earlier, there is an additional backstop there that the president can disapprove any recommended remedy within 60 days based off of any policy consideration.    Mr. Bianchi. So if I understand your question correctly, sir, the Office of OUII, as we refer to it, serves several different functions. But it is a separate--during an investigation, it serves as a separate, independent body. So it is a party, sorry, not body. So it serves the role of not one of the parties of interest, and they are looking to areas that can help develop the record more.    They also operate in the proceedings as a way to try to encourage settlements or negotiations amongst the parties. They help the administrative law judge develop certain kinds of record evidence. So in that situation, they are acting as a party but not a party of interest, if you will, in the proceeding. When it gets to the Commission stage, they also work as a party.    They may decide that the ALJs--the administrative law judge's--initial final determination is that there is something that should be reviewed by the Commission so they can petition the Commission to review it. Or they may be--or some other party may and they may comment on it. They also play the role of--in the remedy proceedings--of making recommendations as a party to the proceeding to the Commission on what the remedy may be. Does that answer your questions?    Mr. Bianchi. I would say that is one of the roles that it plays.    Mr. Bianchi. That is correct, although the Commission, in order to save time and resources of the parties, oftentimes will ask the administrative law judge at the beginning of the process to collect evidence on that so that the Commission will have that when it needs to make its decision on remedy.    Mr. Bianchi. So if I may, I view that as a policy question, which I should not be opining upon. I believe Ms. Okun would be able to opine up on that.