    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and panelists. I appreciate it.    What the voters voted for in 2008 was a $33 billion project, a high-speed train, one train, not switching trains, from S.F. to L.A. A year later the number was adjusted up to approximately $42 or $43 billion, adjusted beyond what the voters saw, beyond what the voters approved. And then finally, after much agitating from the State legislature, we had a hearing in November of 2011 where the admission was that there wasn't going to be 1 million jobs created by high-speed rail but something called 1 million job years, and that the cost was no longer just $33 or $43 billion, it was $98.5 billion, triple the price.    Now, if I am seeking to, let's say, enclose my garage and build a bathroom inside, I might get a bid for $33,000, not $33 million, and they tell me the price a few months later is $43,000, and then when the trucks show up and they start construction they say it is $98,500--you can see where I am moving the decimal points here--I am going to say that is a breach of contract. I am going to tell you to take a flying leap, especially since the completion date initially was 2020 and now it is 2033. So I don't get my garage enclosed for an additional double or more of the time.    This is the recent contract with the voters of California. It is why I carried two bills as a new State senator, SB-22, to say don't spend any money until you actually have a plan. You don't even have a plan yet on how you are going to go through Bakersfield, how you are going to go through the Tehachapis, where the funding will come from. You are still $55 billion short of the change projection, down to $68 billion after the scramble, from $98.5 up to $118 scared everybody for a blended system.    So this is indeed something that the taxpayers should be looking at and saying we have been taken to the cleaners on this. That is why my second bill was SB-95 saying put it back on the ballot and ask the voters once again what they think of something that is triple the price, that isn't meeting the mark anywhere near the time, nor are the so-called environmental benefits of this, of the green project, will be saving C02. I almost laughed when I heard one of the solutions during construction would be that they are going to plant trees to offset the concrete and the construction equipment being used in there, since we are worried about C02 these days.    So, Mr. Flashman, I want to drill down with you on that for a moment here. Of the different projects--there are green projects, there are Cap and Trade replacement projects--what are the ones that are the most eligible, the highest priority, the most bang for the buck? Briefly, please.    Mr. LaMalfa. Will high-speed rail do anything to help that by 2020 or 20-anything?    Mr. LaMalfa. So should high-speed rail be pulling these greenhouse gas option funds, then?    Mr. LaMalfa. OK. So if we are looking at the benefit, perhaps, of high-speed rail in this and greenhouse gas and the option, the most recent one was somewhere around $8 million I think was the auction generation----    Mr. LaMalfa. The projections I have is that for the $55 billion funding gap, since there is no Federal money coming into it, there is no private money coming into it, it would take about maybe over 6,000 years to pay off the funding gap with the high-speed rail new-found money--excuse me--coming from the greenhouse gas options.    Mr. LaMalfa. But at this rate of options, it is not going to pull a whole lot. Thank you.    Mr. Hartnett, currently you don't have 120-mile-an-hour at-grade trains running with your Caltrain system?    Mr. LaMalfa. But you expect you will have 120-mile-an-hour at-grade crossing with high-speed rail with Caltrain?    Mr. LaMalfa. How can you fence for an area for people to not have access to 120-mile-an-hour trains, especially when you come to an at-grade crossing where cars are, people are, pedestrians are? How do you fence the whole area for a rail going across a highway or road or street?    Mr. LaMalfa. At-grade I am saying.    Mr. LaMalfa. How easy is it for a pedestrian to pass between those gates and run out on the track?    Mr. LaMalfa. For a pedestrian?    Mr. LaMalfa. It doesn't take a limbo champion to go underneath one of those gates.    Mr. LaMalfa. For automobiles and motorcycles.    Mr. LaMalfa. So a pedestrian will not be able to penetrate the tracks easily at an at-grade crossing?    Mr. LaMalfa. Sorry, the time. I would love to see an illustration of how a pedestrian cannot go around those gates at an at-grade crossing.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    For $100 billion, we can do a lot of things. That is truly what this will cost at the end. You can build 20 dams, as was mentioned earlier, or possibly 3,000 miles of infrastructure. I think that was the figure reported. Think of all those jobs. Mr. Hunter's colleagues, if they had all that activity instead of what we are talking about here, because we haven't established yet what the true cost of this rail is going to be, as I thought 6 years ago legislatively.    Mr. Richard, I would still like to know after the fact, after the voters narrowly approved the measure, there seemed to be a new idea to go ahead and drill through the Tehachapis instead of some alternative route. Do we have any idea what this is going to cost, what tunneling through the Tehachapis will be?    Mr. LaMalfa. I am short on time, so----    Mr. LaMalfa. OK. So is this reflected in the initial 2008 plan the voters saw?    Mr. LaMalfa. So we had $33 billion, plus $30 billion. So we are at $66 billion right there.    Mr. LaMalfa. It doesn't matter who was here because you said something about a commitment to the program working as it is, a commitment to a true high-speed rail train.    Mr. LaMalfa. And that would be one that runs from S.F. to L.A., and makes it in 2 hours and 40 minutes.    Mr. LaMalfa. Including the drilling through the Tehachapis.    Mr. LaMalfa. You can do it for that original $30 billion that wasn't included in the original plan.    Mr. LaMalfa. I don't see how those numbers can possibly come in on that. But that said, right now, again, we can identify about $13.5 billion, plus what you are pulling in from the Cap and Trade, which by the time SB-32 finishes putting a noose around whatever petroleum products are drilled in California industries--the industries are leaving in droves--you are not going to tap a whole lot, even in a good year for Cap and Trade. Half-a-billion dollars, I hate to project how many years that half-a-billion dollars it would take to raise $55 billion or $58 billion or $100 billion.    So, sir, where is the money going to come from? There is no private-sector money. The Federal Government isn't in a mood to do this since we already have a $19.5 trillion national debt, and we have other priorities. Where will this additional $55 billion come from? Because I don't see it forthcoming from anywhere.    Mr. LaMalfa. There are taxes, but they are not California in the private sector.    Mr. LaMalfa. Could we meet them, please, at another meeting?    Mr. LaMalfa. All right. As Mr. Capuano was talking about, the system is successful in the Northeast Corridor. I have ridden that. I like it, you know? But it makes sense in a dense urban area, that Boston to Washington area, with lots of stops. You have to have lots of stops where people get on and off. It isn't truly high-speed anymore when you are stopping a lot. California can't do that because if you are stopping in Wasco and places like that, you are not high-speed rail anymore. So this is a project that isn't nearly the same as the Acela in the Northeast Corridor. It can't make money when you are stopping. It can't fulfill the mandate that the voters voted for, for true high-speed rail.    I was told one time that if one train ran north to south at full speed without stopping, that would fulfill a high-speed rail system. The rest is going to be commuter lines stopping in Hanford and Shafter, even in the Bakersfield area, although without Buck Owens and Merle Haggard around anymore, so there is less reason to stop in Bakersfield.    That said, I don't see how this can be successful, sir. How do you see this as being successful? And lastly, what will the price of the ticket be these days since it cannot be subsidized?    Mr. LaMalfa. You made my point right to Amtrak, which I am heartily supportive of, and it still requires the input of Federal dollars to keep it----    Mr. LaMalfa . The Northeast----    Mr. LaMalfa. But the rest of it, it doesn't.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.