    Mr. Henry. Chairman Whitfield, distinguished members of the subcommittee, good morning and thank you for inviting me to testify.    Mr. Henry. Sorry about that. Chairman Whitfield and distinguished members of the subcommittee, good morning and thank you for inviting me to testify on this important issue.    My name is Davis Henry and I am the president of Henry Brick, which has manufactured clay brick in Selma, Alabama for over 70 years. I represent the third generation of Henrys to operate this plant. I also currently serve as the vice chairman of the board for the Brick Industry Association, the national trade association that represents manufacturers and distributors of clay brick and pavers. I am here today to speak on behalf of both my company and my industry.    Henry Brick currently employs 58 people including our manufacturing, sales, and support staff. That number hopefully will grow this year to about 95 when we bring plant two back online. It has been idle since June of 2008 due to the economy. As you can imagine, the last 8 years have been a very trying time for our company as well as the rest of the brick industry. We are committed to doing our share to protect our environment, but with a finite amount of resources we need to be sure that we know what is required of us and that the expectations will not change once the resources are committed. I am here today because we were directly impacted by a previous change in regulation and I want to ensure that my company and all remaining brick companies do not fall victim to this again.    In 2003, the first maximum achievable control technology, or MACT, standard was promulgated for our industry. This rule applied only to major sources of hazardous air pollutants, or HAP, and only to the larger kilns in our industry. For our industry with only two pollutants emitted in any large amount, the only definition of major source that really applies is a facility that has the potential to admit ten tons or more of any single HAP. Henry Brick was a major source of HAP in 2003 and had two kilns considered to be large by the EPA. We had until 2006 to install and begin operating control devices to meet the limits, which we did. We installed limestone-based systems called DLAs, or dry lime absorbers, on both our kilns at a total capital cost of about $1.5 million.    In 2007, almost a full year after our industry achieved compliance with the 2003 MACT, it was vacated by the courts for deficiencies. Unfortunately, most of us, including Henry Brick, were unable to turn off our control devices because our existing air permits would not allow us to stop operating the controls. The cost to operate the control devices over the last eight plus years has been significant as well. During the compliance time for the 2003 Brick MACT, the number of controlled kilns in our industry soared from just over 20 to more than 100 kilns.    In 2008, the EPA began developing the replacement MACT that eventually became the 2015 Brick MACT. To develop the standard, the EPA looked at the best performing kilns including those brand new controls that would not have been in place except for the 2003 Brick MACT to establish the limits. Unfortunately, like many who installed DLAs, our kilns could not meet these new more stringent limits. We recently conducted a stacked test at our facilities that confirmed our inability to meet the limits for two of the three HAP categories. We cannot meet the mercury limit nor the PM nonmercury metals limit. To comply with the 2015 Brick MACT, we believe we would need to take out the DLAs we installed in 2006 and install a new system called a dry injection fabric filter. The EPA estimates this would cost us about $3.8 million per kiln, almost $8 million to our company. There is an alternate solution that may be as little as $1.65 million but it has not been proved and we don't know how that will pan out. The EPA's estimated emission reduction for an average kiln for mercury metals is less than 400 pounds per year for an uncontrolled source. So our incremental reduction from our control kilns would be even less.    There is a way to avoid MACT compliance. In fact, the EPA's first listed option for complying with the rule is to avoid the rule by becoming a synthetic matter or synthetic area source. To become a synthetic area source a facility accepts federally enforceable limits that ensures they never emit more than the ten tons per year that makes you a major source. If you are like Henry Brick and have both of your kilns controlled with air pollution control devices, the EPA assumes that you can become a synthetic area source at little or no cost. If you follow EPA's approach to assigning cost, you would assign an annual cost of less than $20,000 per year.    Unfortunately, our most recent tests also demonstrate that we cannot become a synthetic area source as we currently operate. We have some issues with raw materials and other things but it is going to cost money to solve these issues and it will be a lot more than $20,000.    While compliance with this regulation alone threatens small businesses like Henry Brick, if you consider that this is the only regulation we face correctly identifying the appropriate place to spend our finite sources is critical to our survival. For example, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration is about to finalize a new permissible exposure limit for silica dust that, if promulgated as it was proposed, will add almost another million dollars in equipment that my company may need to finance and install to remedy a nonexistent silicosis threat in brick plants. Regulations like these threaten the continued existence of many small companies in our industry including mine. In fact, compliance with both of these rules at the same time could devastate much of our already threatened industry where 75 percent of the companies are small businesses.    Henry Brick simply cannot afford to try and hit another potentially moving target of Brick MACT compliance. We acted in good faith to comply with the 2003 Brick MACT and now face some of the steepest costs in the industry because we may need to take out our DLAs and replace them with this. We need the BRICK Act to ensure that we are not required to invest again until we know that the standard is not going to change. This is not a hypothetical issue for Henry Brick. It is real. It has happened to us. Please do not let it happen again.    Thank you for introducing this bill and for taking the time to listen to me today. I am happy answering any additional questions you may have.    Mr. Henry. Currently, 58.    Mr. Henry. Certainly. When we came into compliance in 2006 with the original MACT, as I have stated, we spent a million and a half dollars.    A year later it was vacated. We have had to operate those control devices since 2007 regardless of whether there was a MACT in place or not. So we have spent no telling how much money over that time operating them.    Mr. Henry. And now to be faced with having to replace those with new control devices that are exponentially higher in cost for only a 4 percent gain or reduction in emissions seems outrageous.    Mr. Henry. I am sorry. What was the----    Mr. Henry. Predominantly in the southeast and up through the Atlantic east coast but there is brick plants located all over the country.    Mr. Henry. Well, you would like to think you could pass on all these costs to your customers and we certainly try. A lot of it does end up with us and it reduces your margins, makes it harder to reinvest and continue your business.    But those you can't pass on it is probably in the dollars--dollar or two per thousand range. It's not a--you can't pass on all of it. How about that?    Mr. Henry. Well, based on Henry Brick itself, for us to comply with the new MACT is going to cost one company $8 million and there's a lot more than one brick company around. So I would say it's probably in the--closer to $100 million versus the $25 million.    Mr. Henry. I don't know. I don't know.    Mr. Henry. The one thing that makes it really hard at this current juncture is that we have been through a very rough 8 years. I don't think anybody in the brick industry would say they have enjoyed the last eight years.    And so our balance sheets reflect that and so to go and try to secure a loan now and look a banker in the face and go, well, here are my financials----    Mr. Henry . I need $7 million or $8 million, there is not a bank out there that would look at ours and feel very good about being paid back.    Mr. Henry. That is a very good question. We have two plants that are side by side in Selma and if we became a synthetic minor we would no longer have the ability to grow in our local community. If we grew we would have to grow outside of that area.    Mr. Henry. I would say first we all want to do our part in the industry to be good to the environment. We want to do that.    But there is only finite resources we have to spend on that and what we don't want to have happen is have another rule vacated or the baseline change and we have spent a lot of money unnecessarily to comply with a rule that may not take effect or be changed down the road and it is a lot of money to spend not knowing that it is necessary.    Mr. Henry. Certainly. We would know exactly what we had to do. We would have 3 years to comply with the final, final rule and make sure that we don't waste resources.    Mr. Henry. Foreign competition as far as importing brick from other countries, no.    Mr. Henry. Brick weigh a lot. They cost a lot to ship.    Mr. Henry. Or vinyl or something, yes. The brick industry is very expensive to get into not only because of the control devices but just the process itself is. And so there would not be a lot of newcomers to our industry, if I had to guess.