    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of the ----    Mr. Wheeler. Let me start off with the topic that many of you were addressing and that is the upcoming spectrum auction. It is only going to be a week--is it not coming through?    Mr. Wheeler. You know I have seldom been accused of not projecting.    One week from today the green flag goes down on the incentive spectrum auction. As the committee has noted, this is the first time this has been tried in the world.    This committee developed the authorizing statute and you all have been very involved in the intervening years as the pieces of the puzzle were being built. I would be terribly remiss if I didn't mention the incredible work of Gary Epstein and the Incentive Auction Task Force at the FCC in this regard. Gary and Howard Symons, along with an A plus team, have rustled wrestled with issues that no one ever before has had to deal with and it brought us to the threshold of this historic auction.    Now, many have asked about the impact of the D.C. Circuit's decision that Latina Broadcasting should be provisionally certified to participate in the auction. That decision will not delay the March 29th start date for participating broadcasters to make their initial commitments.    After March 29th, as we always planned, the auction team will analyze the initial commitments and calculate the initial clearing target. We said this process would take 3 to 4 weeks. The late hour inclusion of Latina will require us to update our data files and ensure that the auction system is properly functioning with the updated data prior to circulating the initial clearing target.    Staff is working through the operational effects of including Latina so that we can make those updates. But we have always planned the auction bidding in the reverse auction will begin in May and we still expect that will happen.    Insofar as the forward auction, in which the wireless carriers participate, we will proceed with the previously announced schedule. There are 104 parties that have expressed interest, a 50 percent increase over the number of qualified bidders in the record-setting AWS-3 auction. Of course, not all applicants may become qualified bidders but we are currently working with them and plan to have a final list by April 6th. The forward auction, of course, will follow the close of the reverse auction.    In the coming weeks, we will continue our bidder education and training activities so that both reverse and forward auction bidders have plenty of time to become familiar with bidding systems before the respective auctions begin.    We are finally at the point where we move from the theoretical to the real world. For months, various hypotheses have been put forward predicting one effect or another to happen in the auction. Next week, the wisdom of this committee in creating a marketplace that will begin to deliver market-driven decisions to replace all those studies and theories with real marketplace conclusions will begin.    I look forward to discussing this and other issues with you today. But before I conclude, I want to once again reiterate the need for Congress to become involved in the ability of Next-Generation 911 to protect Americans. Twenty-first century life-saving is being blocked by the realities of getting beyond 20th century technology. We at the FCC have done all in our power on this topic, including convening a year-long task force to report on the challenges being faced. That report is now complete and has been submitted to this committee. We look forward to working with you on this important priority.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Wheeler. Can I duck that question?    Mr. Wheeler. So, I don't think that I heard Commissioner Pai answer the question you asked him, which was is there a difference between the data that an ISP sees and one an edge provider sees.    Mr. Wheeler. Answering that question has nothing to do with what any specific paragraph of a proposal might say.    Mr. Wheeler. Point one. If I may, point two: There is a full-throated, already, discussion about these kinds of concepts which don't translate into the specific language.    And three, with respect, sir, three, the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is very specific and the reason you have a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is so specific language can be put out so that it can be commented on by the public and have a full-voiced debate, which we will have on the specific language of this item starting next week.    Mr. Wheeler. I intend to have it on the floor in the schedule that I gave you, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. And we've been working on it for months.    Mr. Wheeler. I am going to put it on the floor.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Ms. Eshoo, the answer is no. And let me just excerpt paragraph 71 of the proposal.    To achieve the statutory mandate, our regulations must ensure that navigation devices 1) have content protection that protects content from theft, piracy, and hacking; 2) cannot technically disrupt, impede, or impair the delivery of services. It goes on beyond that but the fact of the matter is that we have specified copyright protection is essential and can be maintained. And I would submit that there are tens of millions of examples of that called iPhones, iPads, smart TVs, where copyright protection has been maintained through set top box-like activities.    Mr. Wheeler. No, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, the interesting thing is that we actually took the language from the current cable card license, which has been very successful in protecting copyright.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, thank you, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Wheeler. There are four African American-owned channels in the 500-channel universe on a cable system.    Mr. Wheeler. In a 500-channel universe. And most of them are on the most expensive tier, by the way.    But the interesting thing here is that there are literally hundreds of programmers who are seeking to get on and they are having the door slammed in their face. So the question is how do you create equal opportunity so that these programmers can have an equality of standing with the few handful that are there and have competition and opportunity?    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Pallone.    As I said in my statement, the reverse auction bidding will start in May. Exactly when in May, we don't know yet. It depends upon what we find out when we are sorting through all this data to come up with a channel plan.    How long it lasts after that is a function of the marketplace. If I were a betting man, and I have no insight into this because it is totally in control of the market, not in control of the Commission, but I think we are looking at, if we start in May, sometime late summer, early football season that we have a resolution. But again, that is something that is out of my control, our control and that the market will determine.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Barton. And yes, this is a tragic time and a terribly serious issue.    The Congress has said to the FCC that our responsibility--and I use that word not just our authority--our responsibility is to make sure that in the networks that we regulate there is the equipment to carry out lawful intercepts. That is the definition that Congress has given us and the scope of our authority.    The question of what is a lawful intercept is something that is beyond the statutory authority that you have given us. The discussion that we had last time was to the effect that it is up to Congress to make the determination as to what is the scope of a lawful intercept. But I assure you, sir, that we will fully take the steps necessary to make sure that the equipment that is required to be able to make that lawful intercept is in place.    Mr. Wheeler. Without a doubt, Congressman. And let me see if I can be specific on this because if you say I wasn't specific enough.    Section 631 of the Act establishes privacy expectations on cable operators and satellite providers. And they then have that relationship with Roku and TiVo and folks that they are now working with to say y in their contracts with them, you will maintain the same kind of privacy protections that we do. And what we are saying is that any competitive box, set top box or app, has to be able to make the same kinds of assurances and that if those assurances are not made, that the cable operator then doesn't have to do business with that box and that just like smart TVs and tablets and smartphones, all have that same kind of ability to collect information and have the FTC oversight, that if the protections that we have put in place are still not sufficient, that the FTC has authority to do something. And as recently as last week, the FTC put out a notice to smart TV manufacturers that they intended to.    Mr. Wheeler. That is all I have.    Mr. Wheeler. Let me see if I can tick through a couple of them. Number one, on the copyright issue. You know the interesting thing is that there are today the equivalent of competitive set top boxes available in the market. For instance, Google Chrome. Now, a lot of things that we hear about oh, this is Google's big plan to take over cable TV--malarkey. The Google Chrome, which attaches in your port in your TV to allow you to get things off of the web, does not violate copyright, does not overlay commercials, does not do all of the horrible things that everybody said a set top box like that would do because copyright law is sacrosanct.    The second thing is I think the people would go crazy and revolt if something like that happened. So, that is on the copyright issue.    Secondly, on the process issue, there was an interesting dichotomy of criticism that we have heard this morning. One is that we have been operating in a unilateral fashion and not being collegial. And the other is that the collegial efforts that we have had to address process that hasn't resulted in a consensus being built are somehow witness of a nefarious intent. I find those two to be in conflict.    And so the other issues you raised, you are absolutely right. Lifeline, we have to make sure that Lifeline is updated and that it is available. Have I got time? The key thing here is that digital is cheaper than analog voice. You notice that every single consumer who signs up to LTE service, which is 80 some percent of Americans get free unlimited voice but if you are a poor person, we are limiting what you can do. We are saying you can't get on the internet. You can't have access. We are going to stick you in this analog world. And that is one of the things that we are going to take on.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. As you know, we have exempted them and I recently extended that exemption. There has been a lot of talk about the transparency of process and everything here. It is inappropriate for me to sit here and say oh, yes, there will be an extension or whatever. We will go through the process. We will build the appropriate record and act accordingly.    Mr. Wheeler. Just like what we have done thus far.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. This one of the reasons why we have now, as the chairman indicated, begun the pivot to OK, what happens after the auction. Everybody is thinking about the bidding. But OK, then you have to implement it. And we are putting together a team that will deal with that question.    One of the proposals on the table right now is some kind of regional repacking plan. We have not yet made a decision on that. There are all kinds of extenuating circumstances that exist in various parts of the country. Clearly, it doesn't make sense to have the limited assets of folks who erect antennas racing hither and yon to be able to do things.    Mr. Wheeler. We have to be able to manage that appropriately and to deal with the kinds of issues that you raise.    I can't sit here and say, sir, I have got the written out answer but I can say, sir, yes, sir, we are on top of that.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am, for the final rule but under NPRM, one of the things we have done, during my administration is put out the draft language.    Mr. Wheeler. The Notice of Proposed Rulemakings that we vote on always include in them a rebuttable presumption here is what we are proposing in terms of specific language.    Mr. Wheeler. So, we could have the kind of debate we had today.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. No.    Mr. Wheeler. Because--and we have these discussions, speeches, blogs. As a person who has spent 30 years practicing before the Commission, I can assure you that throughout history there has been an ongoing dialog where commissioners have been speaking out, speaking publicly, talking to the various parties.    Mr. Wheeler. What I am saying is that nothing has changed.    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry. Would you please----    Mr. Wheeler. They are allowed to speak about the substance of the rulemaking.    Mr. Wheeler. The rule that they keep citing goes to can they take the specific language and circulate it.    Mr. Wheeler. OK.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Other than the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, where it is----    Mr. Wheeler. It has always been that way, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. I believe the rationale is in order to facilitate deliberation amongst the commissioners.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congresswoman. The goal is to create a glide path, a phase-in where over the next 3 \1/2\ years, we are moving from an all-analog Lifeline service to a digital Lifeline service, where we can take advantage of the fact that a digital voice minute costs less than an analog voice minute and by the sheer fact that we are now delivering things digitally, give those using their phone, in your example, access to the internet as well.    So, let me give you a specific example. We are talking about 2 gigabits of data being the minimum threshold in 2018, as we phase in. Two gigabits of data for the existing price would be giving the consumer access to 1700 web pages and 900 minutes of voice talk.    Fifty percent of the existing Lifeline users use less than 100 minutes. Two-thirds use less than 200 minutes. So, what we are talking about here is a quantum leap in the ability to have access to minutes and this incredible ability to access the internet.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. What I was talking about was the question of de-forbearing.    Mr. Wheeler. And I believe that in the Open Internet rule, as we did, we should forbear from rate regulation.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. It is because here is what is the concept. So, for instance, Chairman Walden's amendment that you just referenced here, the amendment to your original idea, when she said hey, this will not have any impact on paid prioritization because obviously, if something is paid, there is a rate being charged.    Mr. Wheeler. That is what I am trying to address, the issue of rates. So, for instance, as Chairman Walden's amendment said, well, paid prioritization could be a rate. That is not what we are talking about. Throttling could be rates and we have all agreed we don't want to do throttling. Because how do you throttle? There is a rate you are paying. You are delivering less than the service that you say that you are going to offer. Therefore, there is a rate impact----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congresswoman. The entire NPRM is designed to elicit this kind of information and then to collect that information in the first round and then to have a rebuttal to that information or adding----    Mr. Wheeler. No, what I am saying is that is the process. We are collecting that right now.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, we would look forward to working with you and the committee on any issues that are raised in this, as you and I have discussed previously on this.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know how long the delay would be, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Well far be it from me to challenge the wisdom of that statement, Congressman. The model that we built for the Open Internet is based on Section 332 and what I was speaking about at that time. And the job that the Congress and the Commission did in saying it is a common carrier and here are the things from which you will forbear. And that the responsibilities of common carriage continue to obtain them. And just like the common carriage responsibilities of data roaming were applied to wireless carriers in the last several years, so, too, do we then look at other common carriage responsibilities that may fall out and be affected by internet service providers.    Mr. Wheeler. You have given me a piece of information that I was unaware of and I will be happy to----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.     Mr. Johnson. A group went this year. Am I correct, this past January--February?    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know the answer to that, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know the answer to that, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know the answer to that.    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, let me see what I understand. You are saying what policy do we have to make sure that you don't do business on private----    Mr. Wheeler. That is policy.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. We don't go spying on our employees.    Mr. Wheeler. We don't go looking at what our employees are doing.    Mr. Wheeler. We have the rule in place.    Mr. Wheeler. If there is a complaint made against the rule, I am sure we will enforce it.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So, there are three legs to this stool. First, is transparency, that it must be disclosed what information is being collected and then how that information is used when it is collected.    The second is that you must be given choice insofar as do you want that information to be collected and used.    And the third is that that information must be secured so that it does not end up violating your privacy by leaking out to some other source.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Any information that is collected by an ISP may not be distributed to a non-ISP, in other words, may not be sold to an advertiser or somebody like this, without the opt-in consent of the consumer.    Mr. Wheeler. So, that is noticed by the absence of reasonable steps. The reality is that one company's solution may be as adequate as another's solution but what we don't want to do is to say here is the black and white cookie cutter that everybody has to do. Let's for instance, let me give you an example.    There was one company that allowed their employees to operate--allowed is the wrong word--under whose supervision where employees sold the information for about 280,000 customers. There must be a reasonable structure in place to prevent that kind of activity.    Mr. Wheeler. We establish the expectation that you will do it but there are multiple ways that it can be accomplished.    Mr. Wheeler. So, the enforcement exists as it does today under Section 631 applicable to wireless carriers, that that is the expectation that applies. Their first role of responsibility is the cable operator themselves. And the second is an appropriate complaint to the FTC or the state AG but that we have the same level of privacy protections that get put in place today with existing alternative set top boxes, such as TiVo and Roku.    Mr. Wheeler. The revocation of the license?    Mr. Wheeler. So, the cable operator can make that decision and there can be enforcement action taken by the FTC or the AGs.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. I am unfamiliar with that specific petition. We are dealing with several issues that come out of TCPA. I would love to get back to you with an answer on that.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't believe so, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Correct.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. To the best of my knowledge.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. We had a large proceeding on that within the last 6 or 8 months and what we are trying to hue to is the specific language that is in TCPA that says that insofar as wireless calls are concerned, the wireless subscriber has the right to determine whether or not you get called.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. That is not correct.    Mr. Wheeler. Would you like me to explain?    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. It talks about license----    Mr. Wheeler. It talks about----    Mr. Wheeler. In the definition of license----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. The statute does not conflict.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. You were asking the question do we have the technical ability to publish within 24 hours.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes and no.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, I am--there were two questions there. One was am I listening and the other is there a bias.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, I am listening. No, there is no bias.    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, I am confused here. I wasn't chairman in 2012 and I am kind of----    Mr. Wheeler. No, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. I was a businessman then.    Mr. Wheeler. I am sorry, ma'am, I am unfamiliar with that white paper.    Mr. Wheeler. On which topic or recommendation?    Mr. Wheeler. I apologize. An online video distributor is----    Mr. Wheeler. OK.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you. I have proposed and then have not----    Mr. Wheeler. Have not moved on.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I have not looked into that, which I maybe had, you know was not compos mentis or something at the time. As you read that into the record, I do not remember that. But I have taken serious interest in pirate radio. And I am told that about 20 percent of the activities of the Enforcement Bureau are directed to pirate radio; that we have had about 130 enforcement actions last year; that we continue on that.    And I would add my voice to Commissioner O'Rielly's comment earlier about one of the realities that we are finding here is that we need to get to those who enable it. We can't just pat ourselves on the back for playing whack-a-mole, that we need to get to those that enable it. And if there could be legislation that would address that and empower us to do with----    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    Mr. Wheeler. The email does not say? I am sorry. There is the email. Is there an email?    Mr. Wheeler. OK, I will get on top of that.    Mr. Wheeler. We would love to come back to you and be able to specifically identify the legislative authority that we are talking about.    Mr. Wheeler. I think the question is what is the extent of that----    Mr. Wheeler. Well, that would be wrong.    Mr. Wheeler. It is news to me.