    Mr. Rice. Do not forget 73.    Governor McCrory. So that connectivity crossing political jurisdiction is extremely important, and that is the plan that we have implemented in North Carolina. And in just the short term--I think I have statistics in front of me that have been given by my staff--we have now, I think, added about 300 more projects based upon the new formula. And they are going to be much more interconnected projects, which have long-term sustainability for all of North Carolina, and I think the Nation also in the Southeast.    Mr. Rice. Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today and sharing your insights. My focus here in Congress is on American competitiveness and jobs, and I know that Salt Lake City and Wyoming are doing their best to be competitive in this global environment.    I got a call this last summer from the secretary of transportation in my home State of South Carolina who said, I understand the Highway Trust Fund is about to run out of money, and what are we supposed to do. Are we supposed to not enter contracts or to put contingency clauses in our contracts?    I want you all to, if you could, comment on how that uncertainty affects our national competitiveness and the competitiveness in your jurisdictions.    Mr. Rice. You mean you cannot stop and start highway projects on a dime?    Mr. Rice. I hate to cut you off, but I only have limited time. Do you think that this uncertainty generated by the Federal Government's lack of willingness to proceed on the Highway Trust Fund or these major items makes you, Salt Lake City, more or less competitive in the world?    Mr. Rice. Mr. Cox?    Mr. Rice. And do you have that certainty now?    Mr. Rice. Now, let me ask you this. In Wyoming, when you are talking about construction jobs, it is one thing. And you are probably talking about thousands of jobs. Right?    Mr. Rice. And then when you talk about the collateral benefit of the infrastructure, you are talking about multiples of that. Right? In terms of jobs.    Mr. Rice. So here is where I am getting. Then I want you to answer. Would you expect that, nationwide--project Wyoming on the entire country--are we talking thousands of jobs or are we talking about millions of jobs?    Mr. Rice. Millions of American jobs on the line?    Mr. Rice. I believe so, too. You know, the Highway Trust Fund is something that we certainly need to deal with. And I am very proud to serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and I am confident that we are going to find a long-term solution because reactionary short-term planning will get us nowhere.    But if you look at other problems facing our country, whether it is the Medicare Trust Fund or the Social Security Trust Fund or even immigration or these other major issues that face us, all these things create huge uncertainty in our economy, and in my opinion make us less competitive and are costing us millions of jobs.    And the shocking thing to me and the frustrating thing to me is, everybody in this room knows we have these problems. I do not think anybody would dispute that. But we are amazingly unable or incapable of finding long-term solutions.    So I appreciate your comments, I thank you for being here, and I for one will be looking hard for a long-term solution to the Highway Trust Fund.