    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Comey, for being here again.    The National Instant Background Check System was created as a result of the Brady Act of 1993, before I was in the Congress, and it requires that gun sales by licensed gun dealers are subject to background checks but allows transactions to proceed after 3 days unless the FBI stops the transaction based on criteria such as felony record or domestic violence, misdemeanor convictions, and the like.    Now, under the rule, even if the FBI has not completed its check, the dealer has the discretion to complete the sale after 3 days have passed and they haven't received a red light from the FBI.    Now, it's my understanding from news reports that the man who shot and killed nine people at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, on June 17 was sold the gun by a dealer who waited 5 days but did not receive a response from the NICS examiner. Now, the shooter had a drug possession conviction that, if it had been found by the NICS examiner, would have prevented the gun sale. Due in part to an error in the shooter's arrest records and also the large caseload and time constraints placed on the NICS examiner, the gun dealer didn't receive the red light that would have prevented this gun sale and possibly prevented this massacre.    So I have a couple of questions. First, what can be done to make sure that we have a timely response and we have the data available to prevent the sale of guns to those who are not eligible to buy them, number one? Number two, should the law require a green light from the FBI to prevent a firearms transfer to those prohibited by law from buying them instead of the red light system that we have now? And do you think that we should examine the amount of time that we give for background checks beyond 3 days if we don't go to an affirmative green light system?    Ms. Lofgren. All right. Getting back to encryption, I understand the concerns that you've used raised here today and in the past, but the experts really say trying to get a back door is a mistake. I mean, all the way from the inventors of public key encryption, people like Whit Diffie, who did a very excellent report from MIT, if you have the back door the hackers will get it and China will get it and we will be less safe.    So that leads me to a question about the use of encryption by the FBI. Are you encrypting all of your data about your FBI agents and your personnel and your payroll and all of your systems?    Ms. Lofgren. I'd like to follow up with that because I was stunned that the Office of Personnel did not have important data that encrypted. The Federal Government should protect itself by encrypting this data. We know that we're being hacked constantly by state actors and enemies of our country, and I'm sure that they would love to get data about the FBI as well, and I look forward to hearing greater details on that.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.