    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize. I am going to bore you with Snapper.    Dr. Sullivan, thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you for being here.    I am going to be very honest. I need your help, your leadership on the Snapper issue. The past several years have been incredibly controversial and it is going to get so much more controversial tomorrow with the publication of the new rule.    I understand that balancing the fish stock, balancing the accountability of commercial for hire and recreational. Some Members choose to go all in with one sector. I do not. The first thing I did when I got elected was I put together a council in my district which includes NMFS, NOAA, and other agencies, as you know, of all three sectors to try to figure out where the sectors could actually agree we needed improvement.    And the one area hands down every single sector agrees on is data. Nobody believes the data. Nobody believes the data. Magnuson requires the use of best science in determination closures. We have seen Snapper go from 75 days to nine days and I am pretty sure after tomorrow's rule publication will go to six days, but nobody believes the data behind the rules.    And so as these rules are published and create such controversy, it is the underlying data behind that that if we can improve the data collection and we can meet the requirements of Magnuson, if you can then justify those closures and the stakeholders believe the data, okay, that is fine. But there is such suspicion about the data that it creates the controversy behind the rules.    And so my question for you is on your view of how we are achieving best science, how are you achieving best science ahead of any rule decisions determining closures to comply with Magnuson?    Mr. Jolly. So tomorrow's rule, well, perhaps if you want to explain the rule, it essentially is going to reduce, you are going to create a buffer zone to reduce the quota number or data number on what you allow for days by 20 percent to ensure there is no overage. So essentially you are taking what had been a hundred percent pool and reducing it to 80 to determine closures which is part of the concern of recreational.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. And I will also share, and it is an acknowledgment of the challenge you face, it is easy to get compliance and accountability from commercial because of the way it is regulated. It is slightly easier with for-hire, recreational it is very difficult to determine their accountability. The challenge it creates, though, is in musical chairs when the music stops, recreational are the last people standing and they have no ability for redress.    So how are you complying with Magnuson's requirement of best science?    Mr. Jolly. If I may, though, that creates a circular argument. And I have had this conversation, because if you declare the success of the past management plan because now we have more snapper than ever, why are the days going down?    Mr. Jolly. I have got a solution for you----    Mr. Jolly. Okay.    Mr. Jolly. Well, you make the call for data, but I can tell you those who try to participate feel as though they really do not have a seat at the table, that it is not considered.    Mr. Jolly. So let me ask you a question and I realize the time is up.    Mr. Jolly. Let me ask you your opinion on a model that has come out of my council. And understand, the council includes all sectors. We have had representatives from your agency, from NMFS, from state regulators sit at the table as well with us to brainstorm on things. Staying out of the controversy of days and catch shares, if the issue is data, that everybody agrees on, everybody is suspicious of, they feel like they do not have a seat at the table, they can submit proposals, they get rejected, how about this model.    The agency currently has cooperative research institutes. What if under the jurisdiction of NMFS, so within the jurisdiction and control of your agency, there was a cooperative research institute that existed with personnel, as well as funding to let out competitively awarded, peer-reviewed research contracts? So that rather than making the decision when the data is presented, you are actually making the decision on proposals submitted by third-party data collectors. It could be major research universities, it could be commercial fishermen who have a GPS, iPhone data system that works, it could be recreational. One, it would bring them to the table. It would be their opportunity to participate and, if they chose not to, well, then shame on them.    But to have a cooperative research institute under Mr. Crabtree's jurisdiction to let out competitive contracts to research universities, recreational angler groups, commercial, and others that met peer-reviewed processes, let out the contracts. That information then is owned by NMFS and we know has to then be incorporated, because they have approved the manner in which it is being collected. Would that be a way to satisfy the----    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. And being incorporated into the closure decisions.    Mr. Jolly. Because----    Mr. Jolly. Because here is the other thing I think we would accomplish with that. We would eliminate the suspicion by the sector participants, particularly recreational, who believe today--and I know you know this, but I live it--they do not believe that they have a seat at the table. They believe they see more fish than they have ever seen before, and they see a constant reduction annually of the days they are allowed to fish and it does not make sense. And the more people I hear from the agency who say our plan is working, again, then I ask the question, are you declaring success? Because if you are declaring success, then tomorrow's rule is not necessary.    And so there are more fish than ever and yet our recreational guys--and listen, this means something in communities on quality of life of course, but it also means things for our economy. This is a very fragile economic model and it is destructive to the quality of life to coastal communities.    And so I started by saying I need your help and I mean that to set a tone that I am not beating up on the agency, but I am telling you what is being implemented right now is broken. And I have tried to find a solution that is--we have gotten to this cooperative research institute idea. And I will be honest, I appreciate that you have said there is cooperative research going on. From this committee's perspective and from compliance with Magnuson, unless you can demonstrate the teeth behind that and our ability to provide accountability and oversight of the third-party data that is including everybody, I still would want to push for something that establishes a cooperative research institute that we know is accountable.    So, Dr. Sullivan, I appreciate very much your willingness to engage in this conversation.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you.    Mr. Jolly. No real additional questions, other than I recalled sitting here an invitation, a letter I sent to you last year extending an invitation for the research vessel Nancy Foster to at least temporarily port down at St. Petersburg Bay. We have a cluster there, a marine science research cluster there from USF Marine Sciences to NMFS, to Fish and Wildlife, to the U.S. Coast Guard Stanford Research Institute. It is a center of excellence in marine and weather science research and they would welcome with open arms at least a temporary port of call from the Nancy Foster if you were to find interest or an ability to do so.    Mr. Jolly. I bet. I bet.    Mr. Jolly. Very good. I appreciate it. Thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for being here. I do not think I have ever had the opportunity to have a conversation with an astrophysicist, so thank you for being here.    I had an opportunity to visit with your team earlier this year on the broadening contribution of community colleges when it comes to STEM. And I would like to talk to you just briefly, get your thoughts, your vision, in terms of the Foundation's mission when it comes to STEM, and the evolution of community colleges from the fifties, when you know the original mission of NSF was stood up. The community colleges today have become a first choice institution for many students. The offerings, the portfolio are now four-year degrees, many of them focusing on STEM, many of them competitive with research universities in terms of the education in the sciences, the ability to contribute to the work force of the sciences, of engineering. And you know, clearly they are not research universities, I recognize that. But how has the mission evolved at NSF to begin to recognize and include contributions from community colleges? Particularly in the broader mission of having a population and a work force that is trained in the sciences, but perhaps in a way that does not reach the level of basic research, extensive basic research I should say, but still contributes to how our national STEM needs as well as our work force STEM needs, where is NSF in that process? And what is your vision of it coming from a research university background?    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. And now you are here. I do not know if you have done something right or wrong----    Mr. Jolly . And we had a great visit with Ms. Mundy, and I want to compliment your leadership team. And we have talked about this. And the reason I bring it up on the record is really, I represent a community that does have major research universities nearby but the fact is it is a community where because of the cost of higher education these days, and because of the quality of four-year degrees now offered at what traditionally had been two-year colleges in the fifties and sixties when NSF was first founded, it is a different landscape in higher education now and it is an opportunity to capture a very different student base that perhaps we had not had the opportunity before. I think it is a great opportunity for NSF and for us as a country.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you. And if I, is my time up? Do I have another--I just wanted very briefly on the brain initiative, and I concur with Mr. Fattah's comments. What is your assessment of where we are? What is the maturation in terms of current resources, results to be expected? I mean, is this an area that we are expecting breakthroughs? And if so, are the current resources sufficient? Is it an area for dramatic discoveries if we were to increase that investment?    Mr. Jolly. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, thank you. I yield back my second round.    Mr. Jolly. No questions.