    Mr. Ross. Thank you.    Chair Yellen, thank you for being here, and I appreciate your service and your patience today.    I want to address my first part of questioning with regard to systemically important financial institutions, specifically with nonbank institutions. Recently, FSOC came out with a statement with regard to greater transparency, which I think is a very important step in the right direction. However--and as a voting member, I know you can appreciate this, and we look to you for guidance on this--I am very concerned that there are not guidelines being issued to mitigate the risk for nonbank financial institutions.    For example, these institutions don't know they are being considered and have no method or manner or notice to take corrective action. And my question to you first is, don't you think that if we are going to start looking at nonbank financial institutions as systemically important institutions, we should at least not only offer transparency but should also offer them notice that they are being considered and offer them a path or at least an opportunity to get out?    Mr. Ross. So you give them essentially due process, if you will--    Mr. Ross. --to have notification that they are being considered, to allow them to take corrective action, and then to have the opportunity that if they are so designated, to get out of that designation and have it up for review every, say, 5 years?    Mr. Ross. Would you agree, in addition to the regulations, that we ought to just codify that as part of the Dodd-Frank Act so that we know that these nonbank financial institutions have a clear path of transparency and procedure to avoid and maybe even get out of being considered a SIFI.    Mr. Ross. But specifically nonbank financial institutions--    Mr. Ross. --because there is a different standard, of course.    Mr. Ross. For example, let's take asset managers. What risk would an asset manager group pose to the financial system that would constitute them to be considered a systemically important financial institution? It is not their assets that they are managing, it is others.    Mr. Ross. With regard to--    Mr. Ross. Governor Tarullo thinks, I think, that we need to have a Collins Amendment fix to this. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Ross. That there needs to be some clarification as to what constitutes a systemically important financial institution when it comes to asset managers.    Mr. Ross. But it is not that clear.    Mr. Ross. We should clarify it.    Mr. Ross. Thank you.