    Mr. George. Well, actually, I have a very brief opening Statement and then will defer to Mr. Camus.    Mr. George. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the Committee, at the Committee's request, we're here to discuss the progress of our efforts to recover former IRS Exempt Organizations Unit Director Lois Lerner's missing emails.    With me, again, is Deputy Inspector General for Investigations Tim Camus, who is leading TIGTA's efforts into this matter, which was requested by the Senate Finance Committee.    Our objective this evening is to provide you with as much information as possible on the progress of our email recovery efforts without compromising the integrity of our ongoing investigation into the circumstances surrounding the IRS's losses of data and hard-drive crashes.    Tonight's testimony is a snapshot of what we know today. Given an email recovery undertaking such as this, it is important to note that the facts and status may frequently change as we perform further analysis of data and conduct additional interviews.    As a result, I ask that you understand that our testimony this evening is a progress report. We have not reached any conclusions, and the information we provide today may, in fact, change before we complete our ongoing investigation.    And, with that, I will now turn to Mr. Camus to provide a detailed discussion on the progress of our search for the missing emails.    Mr. George. As you know, sir, the Integrity Committee of the CIGIE is operated--is led by the Federal Bureau of Investigations. And it is my understanding that you or your staff have reached out to the FBI requesting the materials that you cited. My understanding is the FBI refused to provide you with that information because that is their policy. And that's my understanding, sir.    But----    Mr. George . As of today, sir, I have not received a written request from you or from this committee requesting that I waive my Privacy Act rights----    Mr. George. Well----    Mr. George. And I would just note, I'll take this under advisement with my counsel, but I should point out that the FBI conducted its review of the Integrity Committee, and it exonerated myself and my organization.    Mr. George. Well, Mr. Connolly, I'm not going to engage in a debate with you here, but there is certain information you're not going to be able to receive access to related to this investigation pursuant to Title 26, Section 6103 of the United States Code.    Mr. George. And so, once the investigation is completed, you will receive a conclusion, the Congress will receive a conclusion. And there are certain committees in Congress that do have access to that information. They will receive the materials. But----    Mr. George. So just as it----    Mr. George. Just as it relates to an investigation of me and my organization, you're not entitled to certain documents.    Mr. George. That's correct.    Mr. George. Your prerogative, sir.    Mr. George. I'm going to defer to Mr. Camus for that, sir.    Mr. George. Is that a rhetorical question, Ms.----    Mr. George. Well, it is important to keep Congress informed as to the status of the investigation. And so it was at the request of the chairman that we are before you this evening.    Mr. George. That is correct.    Mr. George. I'm not going to----    Mr. George. Most definitely.    Mr. George. Congressman, actually, the audit is complete. The initial audit is complete. We've initiated a subsequent audit looking at how other groups were treated----    Mr. George. They're two separate----    Mr. George. Excuse me, sir. There's two separate tracks. There's the audit track, and then there's an investigations track. And I'll ask Tim to address the investigations track.    Mr. George. Vaguely, yes.    Mr. George. Again, my understanding is, referring to the audit.    Mr. George. Well, I don't recall saying that, but if you're quoting me, I----    Mr. George. I recall that, definitely.    Mr. George. Just briefly.    I think it's important to note that we had made recommendations to the IRS on this very issue and are in the process of reviewing to see whether or not those recommendations have been implemented. And hopefully that report will be out in the not too distant future.    Mr. George. I mean, that is quite a bit of information there, sir, and there is a lot that I would like to respond to. But suffice it to say I don't control the attendees of meetings. If I'm invited by the chairman of a full committee or a subcommittee to meet with him or her----    Mr. George. I've engaged in bipartisanship my entire political and professional career, sir. So, yes, I----    Mr. George. I----    Mr. George. That is correct.    But for the technical questions, ma'am, I'm going to defer to Mr. Camus, but I'll do my best to answer the questions that I can.    Mr. George. Yes, you do.    Mr. George. You know, in all candor, Congresswoman, the timeline, as it relates to--and you're referring to the audit and not the investigation----    Mr. George . So I will have to supply you an answer for the record, if that's permissible.    Mr. George. I've just been informed that the date that you cited is accurate, Congresswoman.    Mr. George. My understanding--and, again, I'm getting this from staff--is that most of the dates that you cited were accurate, with one possible exception. And----    Mr. George. No. No. It hadn't begun.    Mr. George. Now, I don't know whether she was interviewed, and I can't, in all candor, determine what was in her mind. But that is an assumption I think one could make.    I don't know if anyone--Tim, you would want to add to that?    Mr. George. There is no question----    Mr. George. There's no question it was after----    Mr. George . The crash that there was any indication of an audit.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. You have been fair.    Mr. George. I am very much aware. And I really want to thank you tremendously for affording myself, as well as Mr. Camus, the opportunity to put in the right context why he wrote that email.    Mr. George. Sir, again, I think it would really benefit the Committee to, one, get the context in which that email was drafted--and, ironically, the staffer who made the call not to include it in the report is seated behind me, so we can give you a complete answer here.    Mr. George. Yes. And I'd like to ask Gregory Kutz--and I don't know what the protocol is, Mr. Chairman, as to whether or not----    Mr. George. I was just going to ask if----    Mr. George. Yes. Yes.    Mr. George. I started, believe it or not, at the age of 17 as an intern for then-Senator Bob Dole and have been working on and off in government for over almost 25 years.    Mr. George. I've been told that I have a good reputation, sir.    Mr. George. No, only in that I was not informed in advance that there would not be representation from the minority side.    There is no question that, once this became obvious to me, that one side was holding meetings and not including the other, we immediately--and, again, I would ask for a little bit of flexibility in the use of that word, but we did change our practice and our policies. Because there is no question that the ranking member and the chairman and others are correct; we have an obligation to report to both sides.    Mr. George. I do recall getting a letter from the ranking member about complaining that they were being excluded, and that helped.    Mr. George. Would I have met with them? Of course. And we have.    Mr. George. Never.    Mr. George. As one of the Congressmen mentioned, this is very difficult situation, and it's unprecedented for my organization and for me in my professional career to have had this type of interaction and level of attention, sir, to an issue that is of extreme importance to the American people.    The Internal Revenue Service is the revenue-gathering entity of the most important Nation in the world. We have a voluntary compliance system. People have to have trust in that system. And this issue raised questions about trust.    Mr. George. We would have done whatever the law requires. And, again, we have had an extraordinary reputation, sir, ``we'' being at TIGTA--and, really, forgive me for taking your time, but the men and women who work for me are some of the most topnotch Federal workers I have ever interacted with. And they are doing yeoman's work here, putting in literally 24 hours a day on this very issue, some of them.    So, you know, we would have reported what the law required us to report and would not have reported what was inappropriate at that time.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. And----    Mr. George. Yes, sir. I was just going to add, too, that is the unique role that we have, we as IGs have, with the agencies that we oversee. Because if you don't ask the right questions and--you have some authority to subpoena certain things, but you can't force someone to speak to you, as of now. So it would be easy for an agency to fail to provide information if you don't pose the right question.    Now, there is a proposal out there, I understand, that would change that and would give IGs additional authority. But, as Tim indicated, he could not give you a definitive answer at this stage.    Mr. George. I do, sir.    Mr. George. I--yes, I vaguely recall that, sir.    Mr. George. Yes.    What I can say is--and just to make sure that everything is clear, the IRS had different Be on the Lookout lists. And the list that we were initially charged with looking at was not a list that included--was a list that included the ``Tea Party,'' ``9/12,'' ``Patriot'' groups.    There was one tab, and people, for some reason--and I can understand why, because it wasn't focused on. There was a footnote in the original audit report that indicated that there were groups other than, ``conservative'' groups, but that was not the purpose of this review.    And subsequent to all of that, with everything that's developed, I, at the request of Members of Congress, made a commitment that we would review the handling, the treatment of, ``progressive'' groups by the IRS.    So we are right now in the process of reviewing 17 other search criteria, including ``progressive,'' going back to 2004. And both majority and minority staffs have been briefed on this. And the timing is--OK.    Apparently, all of this is tied in--and I was just informed, until the DOJ investigation is concluded, we won't have access to certain witnesses that are necessary to be interviewed, as it relates to this new review.    Mr. George. Well, we're reviewing 600 cases, and so--have witnesses been interviewed?    Not yet. Not yet.    Mr. George. We've identified 600 cases that we are going to look at, but we're stifled, we're stymied by the lack of conclusion of the FBI/Justice Department----    Mr. George. That's true. Yes, I've just been----    Mr. George. What's this?    Mr. George. We do not know the answer to that, sir.    Mr. George. You know, generally, a review takes a year, sir, but given the importance of this matter, we'll put it on a fast track. But I cannot give you a time commitment at this stage.    Mr. George. And that's part of the problem. We have absolutely no control over when the Justice Department will, you know, conclude their review so that we can have unfettered access to witnesses--unless you have information that I don't have?    All right. That's the latest, sir.    Mr. George. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I have that information in response to Mr. Cummings.    Mr. George. Deal.