    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to start out with--we have been talking about the intent of Congress here with regards to Dodd-Frank. And I think it was interesting that when we had the former author of the bill, Mr. Frank himself, in this committee a little over a year ago, he indicated that the SIFI situation has gone well beyond the intent of what he and his coauthor, Mr. Dodd, had intended. And I think, as we go through this process, we need to remember that this was supposed to be about the big guys, not talking about regional banks.    And it is kind of interesting that, as we are talking about this, I have in front of me here the Federal Reserve System order approving the merger of bank holding companies between BB&T and Susquehanna Bank. And in there, in the financial stability portion, it lists the metrics by which they determined that combining these 2 banks, which would be around $200 billion in assets now--they listed 5 separate things, which, coincidently, are almost exactly word-for-word what our criteria is in our bill that we are trying to talk about here, for designating a SIFI.    They list those criteria, and then they go on and talk about in the final closing discussion here that this transaction would not appear to result in meaningfully greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system. That is the Fed talking about this, with a $200-billion-asset institution.    So what does that tell you? It tells you that--Mr. Simmons, you are in the business, you are in this category here we are talking about. What do you think about the comments I just made?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. It is interesting, we have had both Secretary Lew and Chair Yellen in the committee over the last year, and both of them have said that they agreed with our analysis that these regional and midsized banks are not systemically important.    I have a chart here that I actually dug up; it is actually for the end of 2013, but it shows the size differential and puts some perspective in a graph form. You have JPMorgan over here on my right that makes up the entire grid. And then you have the next 14, other than the top 4. You go down to 5 through 19, and it makes up all of JP Morgan. It gives you some idea of the size of the big guys and the size of the rest of the group that makes up this.    So I know there is a question and has been concern with regards to regional banks, if a regional bank went down, that it would perhaps cause the collapse of other banks and hurt the region. That is not the intent of what this bill, Dodd-Frank, was about. It was about a big bank going down and affecting the entire economy.    But, Mr. Simmons, can you address the issue of a couple of regional banks which would go down? Number one, are they tied together close enough, normally, for that to happen?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So it would be very difficult for one to actually affect the other?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I didn't want to blindside you here, Mr. Simmons, but you wrote a letter to me, I think last year. We had a meeting, and then you went from there to the Fed. And you wrote back to me with regards to your meeting that you had at the Fed. And in there you said that you spent some time with staff at the Federal Reserve Board, and they admitted that around the Fed no one considers regional banks, such as Zions Bancorporation, to be systemically important.    Is that--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --an accurate reflection of what your conversation--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So basically what we are saying here is that the Fed, the Chair of the Fed, Secretary Lew, and the author of Dodd-Frank believe that what we are talking about here is a solution to an unintended consequence of their bill. And, hopefully, we can all agree that this is something we need to work on and support.    I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time.