    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Chairman Coffman, for holding this hearing.    And thank you to our witnesses for joining us here today.    We are here yet again to address VA's longstanding procurement problems. Today it is interagency agreements and Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, the FFRDCs that the chair has spoken about, and the VA's inability to oversee and properly manage these agreements and contracts.    VA has known from at least 2009, when the first IG report came out, that these interagency agreements were not being properly documented in VA's contract management system. In 2014, a second IG report found VA has the same problem, incomplete and inaccurate documentation.    The first report should have been a wake-up call. The second report was certainly a distress signal. And GAO's most recent report shows that little has been done to address these issues, and in some cases unclear guidance has caused greater confusion and contributed to additional reporting inaccuracies. VA's procurement organization and business practices need serious reform now.    Tomorrow our committee will address VHA's almost $3 billion budget shortfall. Like many of the other problems VA faces, and like most of the issues we address here in this committee, this is the direct result of VA's inability to accurately report and use data.    If VA had accurate data, it wouldn't be here today explaining why it doesn't have clear processes in place to ensure it is accurately managing its interagency agreements. If VA had accurate data, we wouldn't be here having questioning why MITRE Corporation has been awarded contracts instead of commercial contractors. And if VA had accurate data, it would be able to plan and request a budget that would meet the needs of our veterans and we wouldn't be holding a hearing tomorrow on the budget shortfall.    I'd like to know from our VA witnesses why it is so difficult for VA to accurately manage its contracts and agreements. VA has promised us a solution earlier this summer to manage procurement and ensure accurate data reporting, and I'd like to know when we will have this solution.    Finally, I'd like to know why VA has not used the tools it has at its disposal to hold employees accountable for not accurately documenting these transactions or acting to address these numerous IG and GAO reports. I'm more convinced than ever that major reforms are needed across VA to accurately manage procurement. VA needs an agency-wide transformation to bring its business practices into the 21st century to meet the needs of our well-deserving veterans.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I appreciate it.    I have the impression that we're in sort of an Alice in Wonderland world a little bit. I'm having that picture in my mind of the Land O'Lakes butter and the little girl is holding the box that has her picture who's holding the box that has her picture. Because as you talked about the purpose of these contracts, you started out strategic management, the second one was procurement, and I'm thinking do we have any sense of whether these contracts are helpful to help VA straighten out their procurement policy. So it's getting a little circular in my brain here.    But one of the questions that I have, given these GAO recommendations, can you talk, either Mr. Heard or Ms. Foster or Mr. Orso, about training? How are we going to solve this going forward? How are we going to do better to make sure that not just the veterans get better service, but the balance that our committee constantly has, that the taxpayers are getting what they're paying for as well?    Ms. Kuster. And what would you----    Ms. Kuster. I don't mean to interrupt. Our time gets limited. What would you do differently about--because it's not just a question of documentation, right? I mean, that's what we're picking up on. But what we're really concerned about is the value proposition.    How are you going to change the training so that the individuals that are making these decisions and making these analyses about the contracts are getting what we need, which clearly is strategic management, procurement, all the five steps that you talked about.    Ms. Kuster. So that gets to my next question. My understanding is in the past the VA transferred millions of dollars under just one of these interagency agreements. This was the OPM. And the money actually, and I believed it was millions of dollars, sat unobligated for more than 2 years. What controls either had been put in place or will be put in place?    Part of what we need to do as Members of Congress is we're bean counters. We're trying to figure out--tomorrow your colleagues are coming to us for $3 billion. Where I come from in New Hampshire, that's real money, where I'm from. And I don't want to lose $2 million sitting around in some office over here that was unobligated because somebody lost track of it.    So I understand the theory behind the interagency and somebody else has expertise in a different part of the government. At this point, it concerns me because that's just--the money's running even further out from what limited controls seem to be in place at the VA central. So how can we do better to keep track of that, I guess I'm asking.    Ms. Kuster. Sure.    Ms. Kuster. How about if we skip the detail of that particular one, just assure me, give me some assurance that going forward we've got some new procedures in place to keep track.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I wanted to follow up from where Ms. Mackin just left off. And if anyone has a response, it is fine by me.    I want to get at this role of MITRE and whether it is always an appropriate role, and I see that the VA has a committee that reviews potential FFRDC work before it is offered to MITRE. Does anyone in the panel know if this committee ever finds that something isn't appropriate for this?    Ms. Kuster. And do you identify instances where the VA should do the work? In other words, I'm concerned about instances where MITRE is performing work that is inherently governmental in nature that the VA could be performing? I mean, in other words, we're as Members of Congress, appropriating dollars to pay salaries for people that we've hired with the expertise to do a particular type of work.    Now it may not be the changes in management style, which probably would be very helpful at the VA, but are there other pieces of this, and maybe this is what you are referring to, in a carve out? Is that something, the database piece is something that could be done in-house?    Ms. Kuster. Are you trying to say that the My VA has been done by FFRDCs?    Ms. Kuster. Thank you.    Ms. Kuster. All right. Well, I appreciate that. My time is well past, but I think we will bring this up tomorrow with the Secretary to see if he agrees with your assessment, as he is coming forward to ask for these extra funds. So thank you, Mr. Chair.