    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Administrator.    I'd like to first submit for the record the following bipartisan letter from members of the Illinois delegation, both Republicans and Democrats, regarding the proposed closure of two nuclear power plants. A state report found--and I'd ask to submit that to the record.    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you.    A state report found that Illinois would lose 4,200 jobs and $1.2 billion in annual economic activity as well as significant increases in electricity rates and carbon emissions if these two plants closed their doors. Such a result would be bad for the State of Illinois and devastating for the communities in which they operate.    The premature closure of these plants would also significantly impede the ability of the state to submit a viable implementation plan for the Clean Power Plan should the Supreme Court stay be lifted and the rule remain. As a matter of fact, even if the stay of the Clean Power Plan is lifted, I'm concerned that Illinois will fail to meet the plan even though the state may do everything possible in its power to meet it.    Does this news concern you, Administrator?    Mr. Hultgren. That's not what we're hearing from Illinois, but let me ask you, how did EPA take into account existing nuclear power when designing the mandates you're sending to the states for carbon emission reduction? Seems like we're being penalized for being ahead of the curve.    Mr. Hultgren. It seems like the goal again of what you've stated of, you know, reducing carbon emission, exactly the opposite is going to be happening with potential closure of these Illinois plants plus certainly the loss of a significant number of jobs. And again, this is bipartisan. This isn't a Republican issue, it's not a Democratic issue. It was split exactly 50/50, Members from Illinois on both sides of the aisle concerned about that.    Are you concerned what's happening in Illinois may happen in other states, making it more difficult to comply with the plan?    Mr. Hultgren. Well, let's--can you get into specifics on that? What flexibilities specifically will states have in this specific kind of incident? So these two plants in Illinois, what specific flexibility will they have to be able to remain and continue to provide great service? Illinois is again one of the leaders in this field, very successfully so. What flexibility is in the plan?    Mr. Hultgren. Well, you mentioned there is flexibility there.    Mr. Hultgren. We're just not seeing it, and there's great concern. Again, both sides of the aisle have grave concern of negative impacts, exactly the opposite of what you're trying to accomplish.    Mr. Hultgren. I only have one minute left. Let me--have you requested any legal analysis to ensure that the agency has the legal authority to pursue and expend resources on regulatory actions and implementation of the Clean Power Plan while a stay has been issued?    Mr. Hultgren. The question was, have you received any legal analysis to ensure that the agency has the legal authority to pursue and expend resources on regulatory actions and implementation while the stay is in? So it's not complying with the stay, it's----    Mr. Hultgren. Are you moving forward with model trading rules?    Mr. Hultgren. When will that decision be made?    Mr. Hultgren. As far as the model trading rule goes, doesn't this deprive states and other stakeholders the benefits of the stay by compelling participation on a matter that is still pending before the courts?    Mr. Hultgren. So the model trading rules are not moving forward?    Mr. Hultgren. My time's expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.