    Mr. Tebbe. Good morning, Chairman Franks and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee.    Thank you for the opportunity, for allowing me to testify on these important questions of religious freedom and equality law. It's an honor to be here, and I look forward to answering your questions.    At least since the Supreme Court's recent decisions in Hobby Lobby and Holt v. Hobbs, debate has been intensifying concerning the two statutes that we are discussing today, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA, and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, or RLUIPA.    In my testimony, I would like to highlight one problem with how RFRA has been applied, namely, the Hobby Lobby court shifted the cost of accommodating the employer's religious beliefs onto the employees, who may not share those beliefs. That violated a core principle of Constitutional law. While ordinarily the costs of accommodating religious citizens are borne by the government or by the public, here those costs were shifted onto the shoulders of other private citizens.    Protecting religious freedom is critically important, but it cannot come at the cost of meaningful harm to identifiable third parties. Not only should doing that be avoided as a policy matter, but it also violates the religion clauses of the Constitution.    There are at least three ways that the Congress could address this problem. First, it could amend RFRA and RLUIPA to make them inapplicable when accommodating religious actors shifts meaningful harm to identifiable private citizens.    Second, it could amend the statutes to make them inapplicable to commercial actors, which tend to have significant impact on individuals and on the public.    Third, Congress could clarify that it did not intend RFRA and RLUIPA to break completely with judicial precedence under the Free Exercise Clause, case law that embodies the Constitutional principle I have been describing.    Each of these changes would improve the statutes by ensuring that their application conforms with Constitutional principle against shifting costs of religious freedom for some private citizens onto the shoulders of other private citizens.    In its Establishment Clause cases, the Court has invalidated laws that accommodate religious people by shifting costs to others. For example, the court invalidated a Connecticut statute that required all employers to allow employees who observe a sabbath to take that holiday off. The court held that Connecticut law ``contravenes a fundamental principle of the religion clauses, namely, that the First Amendment gives no one the right to insist that in pursuit of their own interests, others must conform their conduct to his own religious necessities.''    In its Free Exercise cases, similarly, the court has denied relief that would mean harming other private citizens. For example, the court refused to grant an exemption to an Amish employer who is theologically opposed to paying Social Security taxes on behalf of his employees. The court held that granting the exemption would impose an unacceptable cost on the third-party employees.    So this legal rule is grounded both in the Establishment Clause and in the Free Exercise Clause, and it's properly part of RFRA and RLUIPA.    The principal difficulty with the court's landmark decision in Hobby Lobby is that it did not do enough to protect the company's 13,000 employees and their dependents. Doctrinally, the court reaffirmed the principle I have been describing, but nothing in the decision made its ruling contingent on the employees not being harmed, and, in fact, those employees are being harmed right now as we hold this hearing.    Although the Obama administration is working on implementing the solution that the court suggested in its opinion, that solution has not yet been put in place. Not only employees at Hobby Lobby itself, but the employees at other companies affected by the decision are therefore currently without contraception coverage. These thousands of people have suffered harm that may well be irreparable, including unwanted pregnancies and other health problems that medical experts sought to address in the regulation.    Importantly, not every accommodation of religion imposes harm on third parties; therefore, this limitation will not frustrate religious freedom writ large. A good example is the court's recent decision in Holt v. Hobbs, which I applaud. There, a unanimous court held that RLUIPA required a prison to accommodate an inmate, who wished to grow a short beard for religious reasons. Allowing him to do that, despite the prison's grooming policies, shifted no security risks to other fellow inmates. Justice Ginsburg, joined by Justice Sotomayor, wrote separately in Holt to emphasize both that third parties were harmed in the Hobby Lobby decision and that no one would be harmed by the decision in Holt v. Hobbs.    As I mentioned, there are at least three ways that Congress could address this problem. The most direct way would be the one that Representative Conyers suggested: to amend RFRA and RLUIPA to clarify that religion accommodations are not available where extending them would shift meaningful harm to identifiable third parties. RFRA itself is in need of a restoration. This amendment would return its meaning to something that can claim much wider public and bipartisan support than the interpretation that the Supreme Court has given it in Hobby Lobby.    Thanks very much for your time.    Mr. Tebbe. Yes. I believe that religious freedom is an important civil liberty. I think that's common ground among many of us here in this room today.    What disturbs me slightly is the way the story has been told, though, of RFRA and RLUIPA by some of my colleagues on the----    Mr. Tebbe. I do think that's correct, on the whole.    As I was saying a moment ago, what disturbs me a little bit about the way that the story of RFRA and RLUIPA has been told by other members of the panel today is that it has not been simply a story of unanimous support for those two statutes over time, and it is not the case that dissent over how RFRA has been applied is a new thing or originated with the Hobby Lobby decision.    Rather, as they well know, the coalition supporting RFRA disintegrated in the mid and late 1990's precisely because of concerns over civil liberties. Civil rights groups became aware that RFRA and RLUIPA, or RFRA in particular, could be used to chip away at important civil rights protections, and, at that time, particularly concerning housing discrimination. And attempts to repass RFRA after it was struck down as applied to the States in City of Boerne failed in Congress. It's not that the votes weren't unanimous; it's that those attempts failed because of these concerns about civil liberties.    So I think telling the story--it's at least important to acknowledge that that happened. Right? If the point of this hearing is to build up bipartisan support for these statutes, I think it does not help to tell the story in a way that doesn't even acknowledge the fact that there was serious concern about the impact of these statutes on civil liberties in the 1990's.    Mr. Tebbe. Sure. I'd be happy to do that.    One of the unprecedented aspects of the Hobby Lobby decision was that it granted an exemption to a corporate actor on religious grounds. That had never been done before by the United States Supreme Court. It was entirely unprecedented.    The reason it had never been done before was not because the Free Exercise Clause didn't apply to corporate actors or to business actors. It did. But the Supreme Court was worried, in case after case, in specific circumstances, that the impact of exempting corporate actors and commercial actors on third parties would be very grave. Those third parties are chiefly often employees but could also be customers, investors, and a host of other constituents that corporations affect in their daily operations.    Mr. Tebbe. That's right. And I think the Supreme Court didn't do enough in its opinion to make sure that wouldn't happen.    Mr. Tebbe. Yeah, that's an interesting point. And I want to acknowledge Professor Marty Lederman, who started to raise that argument, that Hobby Lobby could simply get out of the business, if it didn't want to be burdened, of providing health insurance at all.    Unfortunately, that argument was raised late in the litigation, and there was not a record on how much it would actually cost. So whether that----    Mr. Tebbe. I think that would be a difficult question I'm not prepared to answer right now, but----    Mr. Tebbe. I see where you're going with this. No. And I believe----    Mr. Tebbe. The reason is because churches and their relationships with their employees are a special case, and the Supreme Court has recognized----    Mr. Tebbe. I'm reluctant to speak on that question because I haven't thought it through carefully enough. But I do think that Catholic Charities would be required by general laws, for example, to provide adoption services to all couples in----    Mr. Tebbe. I think it ends at the church walls. That is, in the Amos case, the United States Supreme Court addressed that question. And that very exemption that you are mentioning to Title 7 that allows religious employers, churches in particular, to discriminate in employment in favor of co-religionists--right? It allows a church to hire only people of the same faith for all positions within the church. As applied in that case, it did impose a harm on a third party, namely the janitor--right?--who was not of the same faith as the church.    But that's a very special situation. You know, the Supreme Court has recognized, and I think a lot of people have, that churches have special ability to----    Mr. Tebbe. Well, there's debate about that. I'm not sure I would want to take a position on it here. But the statute requires it, and the Supreme Court has acknowledged it in the Hosanna-Tabor case, I think rightly, although maybe that case goes a little bit further than it should.    Mr. Tebbe. Yeah.    Mr. Tebbe. So State and local antidiscrimination laws would prohibit that kind of discrimination even on the basis of religion, and there would not be a religion exception.    There was recently a New Mexico Supreme Court decision that held as much in a case to do with a wedding photographer that declined to photograph the civil union ceremony of a gay couple. And the Supreme Court of that State said that the antidiscrimination law could be applied against the wedding photographer.    And there are cases pending now in different parts of the country concerning bakeries, and they're coming out the same way.    Mr. Tebbe. It could be a problem, right? So there are State-level RFRAs. One of the dangers with Hobby Lobby and the way it eviscerated the principle against shifting harms to third parties is that it could be mimicked by State-level religious freedom restoration acts by State courts. And if that started to happen--it didn't happen in New Mexico, but if it starts to happen, that could be a problem for State and local laws that protect LGBT people against discrimination.