    Mr. Metalitz. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Nadler, Members of the Subcommittee, thanks very much for inviting me to offer once again the perspectives of the Coalition for Online Accountability. Our coalition represents U.S. associations, organizations and companies that depend on the rules set by ICANN to enable us to enforce copyrights and trademarks online.    First I would like to salute the Subcommittee for the crucial role it has played in providing oversight of ICANN issues over the past 15 years. Maintaining that long-established oversight record is critical to U.S. businesses that depend on copyright and trademark protection, and to the millions of American workers that they employ.    My colleagues at the table, and especially on my left, will have a lot to say about the IANA transition process and the accompanying effort to improve ICANN's accountability mechanisms. I think those accountability efforts are basically on the right track. But as a wise man once said, the past is prologue, and so is the present. So rather than speculate about ICANN's future, I would like to focus on the way in which ICANN is now handling the critical domain name system functions over which the U.S. Government ceded its contractual control years ago.    As several Members of the Subcommittee have already noted, what ICANN is doing and not doing today is highly relevant to the terms and conditions of the IANA transition and to what accountability mechanisms are needed in the future. So very briefly, let's look at ICANN's current track record on three key issues: contract compliance, WHOIS, and the new gTLD launch.    We hear a lot about the ICANN multi-stakeholder model. What does that really mean? I think it boils down to this: replacing governmental regulation with private contracts and community oversight in managing the domain name system. For this model to work, the contracts must be strong and clear, and they must be vigorously and transparently enforced.    Now, as John Horton has already mentioned, under the 2013 revision of the Registrar Accreditation Agreement, domain name registrars have new obligations to investigate and respond to complaints that the domain names they sponsor are being used for illegal activities, and that includes specifically copyright or trademark infringement. By now, most registrars have signed the 2013 agreement, but I have to report that registrars are not responding to these complaints even when the facts are clear and the evidence of wrongdoing is overwhelming.    Just as concerning, to date, ICANN is not yet taking action to clarify and enforce these RAA provisions, and as the previous witness said, it is acting with a lack of transparency in its compliance efforts.    Unless and until ICANN shows that it can effectively enforce the agreements that it has signed, its readiness for the completion of the transition will remain in question, and this track record must be taken into account in fashioning the enhanced accountability mechanisms that must accompany any further transition.    The 2013 RAA also set in motion long-overdue steps toward developing ground rules for the widespread phenomenon of proxy registration services. These have a legitimate role, but today the registered contact data for more than one-fifth of all gTLD registrations, tens of millions, lurks in the shadows rather than in the sunlight of the publicly accessible WHOIS database. Further progress in bringing predictability and consistency to this proxy world is critical. If ICANN cannot do this, then the role of the WHOIS database in letting Internet users know who they are dealing with online, critical for accountability and transparency, will be seriously compromised. The next several months may show whether ICANN is up to the task.    Finally, although ICANN is only about halfway through the current new gTLD launch, it is already starting to review the process. That review needs to be searching and comprehensive. We need to question and reevaluate the ship's heading, not just rearrange the deck chairs for the next voyage.    The review has to address the fundamental issue of whether the rollout of an unlimited number of new top-level domains actually benefitted the general public and brought greater choice to consumers or whether it simply enriched intermediaries and speculators.    In conclusion, thank you again for this Subcommittee's continuing oversight of this fascinating experiment in non-governmental administration of critical Internet resources that we call ICANN. Our coalition urges you to continue that role, especially with regard to contract compliance, WHOIS, and the new gTLD review.    I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Metalitz. Yes, we do.    Mr. Metalitz. Yes, I would agree. What you have described is how ICANN approached this most recent round. And while the jury is still out because they are only halfway through the round, I think we are going to find that the public has not been served by letting anybody who wants to get any domain name, top-level domain that they wish without any criteria and without ICANN really making any decisions, letting them do that.    Mr. Metalitz. Thank you for that question, Mr. Nadler. You have correctly stated that we have a huge problem in the legacy top-level domains, com and net and org, and that the contractual restrictions in their contracts with ICANN are not sufficient. One of the things that has been pointed out is there may be ways that we can use some of the advances that were made in the gTLD space. The new gTLDs had to take on some additional commitments to respond to copyright, piracy, and trademark counterfeiting in their spaces. We should look at applying those to the legacy gTLDs as well. That is part of the ICANN answer. Obviously, there may be things that can be done on a legislative level because these registries are based in the United States.    Mr. Metalitz. Pardon?    Mr. Metalitz. Yes, and it is a step forward that this registrar accreditation agreement does apply to registrations in .com and .net. So pirate sites or sites engaged in illegal pharmacies can be addressed that way, if those agreements are enforced.    Mr. Metalitz. Thank you, Mr. Conyers. Well, with respect to the particular obligations I talked about in my testimony, the obligation to investigate and respond when they receive a report that a domain name that they have sold is being used to carry out illegal activity, no, I do not think that the registrars are complying with that, and I do not think that ICANN is yet requiring them to do so. This is something we are continuing to engage both with ICANN and with registrars about. But if you take a snapshot today, these provisions are not being enforced.    Mr. Metalitz. Just a footnote to that. Let's not kid ourselves about this. There are many issues here where the community, the entire community might not see eye to eye. That community includes the registrars and registries that, in fact, provide over 90 percent of the funding for ICANN, and this is the problem that ICANN is facing in trying to develop a culture of compliance. It is very difficult to do that when you have to negotiate with and enforce rules against the people that are writing the checks that pay your salary.    So this is a problem that is inherent in the model, and I think it is something where maybe the community as a whole may not see the need, but certainly if you look at American businesses that depend on copyright and trademark protection, we certainly see the need, and we need some mechanism to make sure that ICANN responds appropriately.    Mr. Metalitz. Yes, I would. I think this is really an issue of whether ICANN will enforce the contracts that it has entered into. These contracts were negotiated. They were subject to public comment. There was a lot of public input, and throughout the community there was agreement that these would be the contractual standards. Those included concern about how domain names were used. Anytime you are talking about how a domain name is used, it is often being used to point to content, whether it is sales of illegal drugs, whether it is streaming and downloading of pirated material. So this is all firmly within----    Mr. Metalitz. I think that is a concern, but I think if we can have this dialogue with ICANN about the way in which they will interpret, apply, and enforce this requirement to investigate and to respond appropriately, we can have that discussion about what the safeguards would be. But we need first to get ICANN to commit to enforcing, and transparently doing so, these contracts they have entered into.    Mr. Metalitz. Yes. I would just add to that that the requirement that Ms. Stark is referring to is to take reasonable and prompt steps to investigate and respond appropriately to reports of abuse, including reports of the kind of illegal activity you are talking about. That is what needs to be enforced. This is not a question of any kind of automatic takedown. It is investigating and responding appropriately. That is not happening now, and we don't have the transparency to even see what ICANN thinks is appropriate in this setting.    Mr. Metalitz. If I can respond on the copyright issue.    Mr. Metalitz. First of all, I don't have the EFF letter, but as you read it----    Mr. Metalitz. I don't think anybody on this panel is advocating what that letter says. We are advocating enforcement of a provision that says registrars shall take reasonable and prompt steps to investigate and respond appropriately to any reports of abuse. There is nothing in here about automatic takedown or without any verification. So that is point one.    Number two, on the applicable law, I think actually this is less of a problem in the copyright area than in almost any other area because we have a much clearer international standard. One-hundred-seventy countries belong to the Bern Convention. Approximately the same number of countries belong to the World Trade Organization----    Mr. Metalitz. In copyright and in trademark as well, there is much more of a uniform international norm than there is on free speech issues or on any of these other issues. So, it is not a non-issue, but----    Mr. Metalitz. Yes. Thank you very much, Mr. Johnson. My only other point was, I mean, the example about private copying under Romanian law, this is not an issue of private copying. The itemvn.com Web site that we cite in our testimony is streaming and allowing downloads of music that hasn't been released yet, and before it is released it is available on that site without any license. So this is not private copying at all.    Mr. Metalitz. Essentially that is right, Mr. Johnson. This is a contract that we are talking about here that was entered into between ICANN and all of these registrars. It was a multi-year process to develop this contract, but it is down on paper now. Let's make sure that it is enforced and that we understand what the ground rules are.    Mr. Metalitz. Thank you for that question. WHOIS is extremely important. It is a key element of accountability and transparency to know who you are dealing with online. ICANN was given stewardship of this database 15 years ago, back in the monopoly days, right after the monopoly days that the Chairman was referring to, and it has not fared well during that period. It is less accessible, and it is certainly less accurate, apparently less accurate now than it was then, and we have a problem now that 20 percent of the registrations in the gTLDs are registered to proxy services. It just puts a barrier between you and finding out who you are dealing with online.    I think your previous question to Ms. Stark was very well put, and we have two problems there. One is we have some legacy registries such as .org. So even after old piratebay.org was brought to their attention, and piratebay has been the subject of orders in many countries, the people who ran it have gone to jail in Sweden for copyright infringement, even after that, .org would not take any action on the operators of that registry.    Then we also have a problem with the country code top-level domains, the two-letter domains that ICANN has no control over, and some of them have been quite cooperative, but some have not. So this is another frontier that we still need to deal with in this effort to try to enforce our copyrights.    Mr. Metalitz. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. If I could just add the perspective of someone who has followed ICANN very closely over the past 15 years and had many opportunities to share my perspectives with this Subcommittee, which I really appreciate.    ICANN is an experiment, and experiments don't always work out neatly, and they don't always work out effectively at a particular snapshot. I think if you take the longer view, many of the problems we are talking about here show progress. These contracts that ICANN is not yet enforcing, they didn't even have these contracts until 2 years ago. And similarly on WHOIS, they are taking on the problem of proxy registrations. I don't know if they will be able to deal with it effectively, but they weren't even taking it on a few years ago.    So I think we have to look at the bigger picture to see--you are absolutely right, that as a public benefit corporation, ICANN needs to serve the public interest, and I think the oversight of this Subcommittee is an important factor. Continued oversight will be an important factor in making sure they do so.