    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. If we did that, it would really shorten things up, you know. So I had better get going.    I believe that the work that EERE does is critical to achieving a sustainable energy future and growing our nation's energy economy. We see that the technologies developed at EERE provide a more robust energy portfolio, reduces our impact on the environment, and enables a growing U.S. clean energy industry. So I am glad to see the 2016 budget request is doing more to support clean energy innovation and make the United States a leader in the clean energy marketplace.    So a couple of questions, I want to see how many of these I can get to about some of the things the EERE is doing. And I am going to start with a question for Dr. Danielson. We saw that Paris just temporarily had a ban on half the cars from driving, in response to smog problems. Transportation contributes to almost 1/3 of emissions in the United States. Electric vehicles can enable more environmentally friendly transportation, and at Argonne National Lab, which is in my district, they are working to develop new battery technologies that will enable cheaper, longer-range electric vehicles. Can you describe the biggest challenges to widespread use of electric vehicles, and how strong funding for EERE is helping to improve vehicle technologies?    Mr. Lipinski. Very good. I want to move on to the role of DOE commercialization. In your testimony, Ms. McCormick, you mentioned that you don't think DOE's mission stops at the laboratory bench. And I thank you for recognizing the importance of getting innovative technology transitioned to the marketplace.    I want to ask, can you describe why federally-funded technology transition programs are critical to bridging the valley of death between lab and market, and I just want to mention the--I know Lab Corps is starting up, which I think is going to be very helpful, but can you talk about the important role of the federal government here?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    With my few seconds left, I just--I have a question for the record about hydrogen and what EERE can do with that. As the author of the H-Prize Act, I am very happy to see that moving forward right now. So with that, I will yield back.    Mr. Lipinski. I--are we going to have five days to submit?    Mr. Lipinski. Yes.