    Mr. Hurt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for holding today's hearing.    I am pleased that this subcommittee is continuing its efforts to enhance the strength and vitality of our domestic capital markets. Four years ago, this committee achieved bipartisan success with the JOBS Act, and I remain hopeful that we can continue to improve upon that work.    Capital formation for small companies is critical to the success of our economy. And as I travel across Virginia's 5th Congressional District, my district, I am regularly reminded of how our Nation's small businesses and startups are in dire need of capital, how they have trouble accessing capital, and how their potential success is often thwarted by outdated and unnecessary policies imposed here in Washington.    While small companies are at the forefront of innovation and job creation, these same companies often incur obstacles in obtaining funding in the capital markets. The JOBS Act sought to remove some of these burdens by recognizing that our securities regulations are often written for larger companies.    Today, we have four additional legislative proposals that all seek to expand and improve access to capital for our small businesses and startups. These proposals are aimed at amending the JOBS Act to enhance capital formation for small companies and their investors.    Small companies, as we all know, are the backbone of our economy and our Nation's most dynamic job creators. We must do everything possible to help them succeed. And if we can do so without compromising investor protection and transparency, then we must embrace these ideas.    The ideas we are discussing today are a step in the right direction, and I thank the sponsors for their work on this legislation.    I look forward to the testimony of our distinguished witnesses, and I thank you for your appearance before our subcommittee today.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Hurt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Griggs, I was interested in your testimony and your support for the JOBS Act generally, talking about the resounding success, embraced by investors and companies, and especially interested in your statement that the JOBS Act has not resulted in any trend that diminishes investor protection, which I think is critical.    Also, in your testimony you said that there are provisions, however, of the JOBS Act that are scarcely used because they run contrary to investor expectations. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about that.    Mr. Hurt. And then the other thing I noted in your testimony was talking about the beginning of 2016 so far, that it looks like IPOs are not coming online as quickly as we would like to see. Can you talk a little bit about that, and what are things that we can consider to help increase those?    Mr. Hurt. Excellent.    And then I had a question for Mr. Atkins and Mr. Keating, sort of more of a general nature. But when you think back on the recession in 2008 and then you think about Washington's response to that in the form of Dodd-Frank, can you talk a little bit more generally about how important the JOBS Act and having us in--having policymakers take a close look on how you streamline regulations, reduce unnecessary burdens from a regulatory standpoint--how important that is in light of what Dodd-Frank has given us?    Because I represent a rural district, 23 counties and cities. We have a major university in Charlottesville that where we have small businesses that are eager and looking for capital, but because of Dodd-Frank have had tremendous difficulty in accessing capital.    And so the kind of things that we are working on today, it seems to me, in a way acknowledge, I think, some of the significant shortcomings of the overregulation that came out of Dodd-Frank and how--and speak to the necessity of making it easier to hook up investors with small ventures.    And I would love to hear from you, Mr. Atkins, and then Mr. Keating, from a economist standpoint.    Mr. Hurt. Mr. Keating, I apologize. My time has expired, so we will--    Mr. Hurt. Thank you.    I yield back.