    Mr. Gerstein. Well, thank you. Good afternoon.    Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Member Richmond, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee, I thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the strategies for defending U.S. Government networks in cyberspace.    Recent events occurring on U.S. Government networks over the past several years, punctuated most recently by the OPM breach, demonstrate clearly the need for developing and maintaining capabilities to assess the status of the Government's internal networks and protect them from intrusion.    These events have also underscored concerns about the growing sophistication of the threat and the risk posed to personal data, Government networks, and even mission assurance.    Two foundational elements of the Department of Homeland Security's cybersecurity program are EINSTEIN, also called EINSTEIN 3A, and Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, or CDM. The two systems are designed to work in tandem, with EINSTEIN focusing on keeping threats out of Federal networks and CDM identifying them when the threats are inside the Government networks. The phased rollouts of both CDM and EINSTEIN are expected to continue over the next several years.    Now, despite recent progress, critics have argued that both programs have taken too long to implement, and I have to say there is some validity to these concerns. However, CDM is now at a point in development and deployment where additional resources could accelerate the program. EINSTEIN, on the other hand, still requires additional development and coordination with internet service providers, which will be contracted to implement the program.    In my judgment, both programs are necessary, but not sufficient for ensuring the security of Government networks. Therefore, even with EINSTEIN and CDM, more will be needed to defend Government networks in cyber space.    For the remainder of my remarks, I would like to provide a more strategic look at this issue. Now, the internet is a complex system of systems, requiring a comprehensive approach to ensuring security across the vast Government network. Any single approach or program will be insufficient to ensure security in cyber space. As such, defense-in-depth strategies will be essential for securing Government networks.    Now, when considering the development of a comprehensive cybersecurity approach, one must examine how new policies and processes, improvements to the internet architecture, hardware and software hardening, and personnel training and education must be combined into a system that will provide security, privacy, and resiliency.    Inherent in efforts to secure the Federal cyberspace is the critical need for a National cybersecurity strategy. Such a document would include articulation of concepts for governance of the .gov domain in addition to cyber doctrine for deterrence, denial, attribution, response, and resilience. Today no such doctrine exists.    It is my belief that the U.S. Government is at a crossroads concerning cybersecurity. The goal to date has been to balance two competing demands: Availability of data and security of the enterprise.    As recent breaches have demonstrated over the past several years and with the OPM breach as an exclamation point, it is time to consider developing secure enclaves to protect key Government information, data, and networks.    The technology exists today to re-architect the Government internet systems, and several agencies within the National security community have implemented such re-engineering with good results.    Implementing these approaches to modernize and improve the security architectures will require resources and focused attention, both of which Congress and the Executive branch can provide.    Appropriate funding for research, development, and acquisition programs remains another foundational element in the critical race to secure Federal Government networks. Government must partner with the cyber industries to ensure the pipeline of critical solutions continues to be developed.    Finally, workforce issues both for cyber professionals that manage the Government networks and for the broader Government workforce that utilizes the network must be considered as a top priority.    In the Government's cyber space, the security of the overall network is directly linked to the security of each of the nodes, to include the individuals operating each terminal device.    I appreciate the opportunity to discuss recommendations to improve cybersecurity in our Government networks and, thereby, the homeland security of our Nation, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Gerstein. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I absolutely believe that, in fact, OPM had been slow to make necessary enhancements to its cyber network. The list of deficiencies that they are trying remediate and have been trying to remediate over the past, say, 9 months or so has been quite long.    It begins with not even having a common understanding of what systems were part of their network. So they had not had a mapped network to be able to understand what was on their entire OPM network. So that is problematic.    The multi-factor authentication is absolutely key. They were not in charge of their configuration because they had not had necessarily a professional IT force until 2013, when they actually did get an IT staff. So you have those sorts of systemic problems that are now being addressed.    I clearly think that Dr. Ozment's comment about we are fighting a catch-up battle is right to the point, that we have underinvested in cybersecurity strategies.    At the same time, interestingly, we have, in a sense, overinvested in information-sharing strategies. That is, we have put a premium on how to share information, but not necessarily how to secure the information.    Mr. Gerstein. Well, Mr. Chairman, it's really above the CISO. It's about strategic decisions to protect the network. What we lack in this entire architecture is a governance structure and a National cybersecurity strategy.    I go back to several months ago now. The Department of Defense put out its own defense cybersecurity strategy. Normally, when there is such a strategy, you would expect that there would have been a National strategy that would have helped to inform.    Such is always the case, for example, with the National security strategy of the United States coming out, and then the National military strategy falls shortly thereafter. One would expect and one would hope there would be such a thing as a National cybersecurity strategy.    This strategy, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, should really think about, what is the doctrine for deterrence, how do we tell potential adversaries what the consequences are for actions in cyber space, how do we find the proper balance between the security of the network and the privacy of individuals? These are trade-off questions that have to be addressed in such a strategy.    Mr. Gerstein. So there are a number of different strategies that one can consider. Certainly you brought out multi-factor authentication. That is key. PIV cards. Incorporating those into your architecture is also key. I think we need to look hard now at, do we develop enclaves? Let me just talk for a moment about that.    Today we have a system, an internet, which has evolved over the past 40 years in which you have normal information sharing. I use the tongue-in-cheek grandma's recipes residing on the same system that you have industrial control systems for hydroelectric plants and even nuclear facilities.    The question has to be: Is it now time to segment the internet such that you do develop secure enclaves that have a greater degree of security? This is something that should be considered as part of this National cyber strategy that I've alluded to.    Mr. Gerstein. Yes, sir. I think there is some of that. But I do believe that some of the recent legislation--I think the implementation of EINSTEIN and CDM across the .gov space will be important.    We have to continue, though, to stress to all elements of the network, which includes the personnel and their terminal devices, how important they are as a first line of defense.    Many of the intrusions that occur are due to people not understanding issues such as phishing attacks, spear-phishing attacks, and, therefore, opening up their networks through inadvertently opening up a piece of software that contains, say, malware.    Mr. Gerstein. Absolutely not, sir. I think we have much more to do in cyber deterrence. Today we're having discussions about what constitutes an attack and what level of intrusion is going to be acceptable on networks. I take you back to the Cold War when there was spying going on between adversaries within the Warsaw Pact and NATO.    So we have not yet said what is going to be our response to such intrusions. Are we going to just consider them to be the course of doing business or are we going to react?    I would presume that, if we did talk about deterrence in a realistic and measured way, that we would come up with limits on what we are prepared to accept before taking actions. These actions need to be thought of across the full range, from economic- and political-type activities and, if necessary, even considering use-of-force activities. But we have not had those discussions across the U.S. Government.    Mr. Gerstein. Well, of course, there are a number of opportunities to use organizations such as United Nations and things at the lower end, such as demarche. You can have economic sanctions. You can do something that is very asymmetric. So you could have a blockade, for example.    But I'm not suggesting any one set of actions, rather, that we need to, as a Government, consider what actions would be reasonable, given the activities that are on-going.    Mr. Gerstein. So I was jotting down some. That was quite a long list. But let me start at the top with the National cybersecurity strategy.    What I would say there is that I think the precedent exists. The National security strategy of the United States comes from the White House, and it's an interagency product. The interagency gets a chance to comment and to provide input.    I would see a National cybersecurity strategy similarly that would have the responsibility to be developed by the White House and coordinated and discussed within the interagency. So I think that's key.    On the question of authorities, I believe that the legislation concerning information sharing is critical. That's, of course, the work that this body has done. I think that's critical. Hopefully, in some form--I don't take a position on whether each word is correct. But, rather, the general concept of information sharing between the Government and industry in this space is absolutely imperative.    When you look at capabilities such as CDM and EINSTEIN, certainly EINSTEIN relies on signatures. The only way to get signatures is if there is information sharing. So it's absolutely essential.    On the broader question of authorities, I think for right now the biggest issue that remains is this idea of governance. Several years ago there were discussions on-going between three Cabinet departments about who would have authorities in cyber space, Department of Justice, FBI, and Department of Defense, and Department of Homeland Security.    I still believe that there are likely some seams that need to be considered, and I would think those should be considered as part of the National cybersecurity strategy. That would give an opportunity for the complete discussion to ensure that the authorities are appropriate.    Mr. Gerstein. So on the question first on the naming convention, I guess what I would say on this, which I think is pretty important to consider, is the naming convention is, with respect to the internet, a fairly low-level discussion. It's a technical discussion about how things are named. The sharing of that throughout the globe, I think that would be fine.    But I think the more important discussion is at a higher level: What is acceptable internet behavior for a State to allow within its borders? Those sorts of discussions have been had really more on an informal basis and not so much directly with all States like we do with sort of a typical arms control agreement.    This one has been--there have been some discussions with particular States, and they've been on a bilateral basis where they've talked about behaviors. But these continue to evolve.    So on your question about having some sort of shotgun shell, here's what I would be concerned about. This goes back to the question of attribution. So imagine if you think you understand who the perpetrator of the act is, but you have no way to definitively attribute a particular act. If you were to take a catastrophic attack against who you think is the perpetrator and you get it wrong, you would be doing a lot of damage.    So this goes back to this question of you can't just depend on attribution, retribution, proportionality, laws of war-type activities, but you also have to go to the front end and say, ``How do I deter? How do I change the calculus of a potential adversary who is thinking about intruding on my networks? Also, how do I deny? So I won't be able to stop everything. But can I set up enclaves so that I'm not exposing my entire network, so I'm not exposing 4 million personnel records or perhaps 18-30 million''--as was reported today--``How do we do a better job in parsing that off so that we're not exposing our entirety of PII information?''    Mr. Gerstein. So there are people who are thinking about offensive actions and how to use offensive capabilities. Obviously, that discussion needs to be had in a closed session, a Classified session.    But I think, from a general standpoint, again, I go back to establishing attribution is really key to being able to take any action, whether that action is legal action, for example, in the case of the Chinese hackers, where we indicted them in U.S. courts. So there are opportunities to do those kind of things if one can establish attribution.    You know, one topic that we haven't talked as much about today that concerns me greatly is the sensing capacity from the standpoint of our networks today are likely penetrated with either zero day attacks which have not been executed and are awaiting a point in time at which they would be executed or there's an on-going attack. I mean, the likelihood of such a case is very high.    So I worry about being able to establish security on our networks today with the capabilities that we have. As has been pointed out both by the Members of this subcommittee as well as by the other two witnesses, EINSTEIN and CDM have been slow to roll out, and we're still in the process of rolling them out.    Even once that occurs, there will be developmental periods and the departments and agencies will have to ensure that they have the proper procedures in place. So it's not just the DHS availability of the different programs, but it's the implementation within the departments and agencies that's key.    To the point that you asked about, you know, can we do some sort of Trojan horse, this is where research and development and follow-on, hopefully, with acquisition is key. You have to have robust research and development programs that are designed to make headway in this very competitive environment called cyber space. Right now we are largely in a defensive posture where an attack is discovered and then we take some sort of action to respond, mitigate, recover, resiliency, those sorts of action.    Mr. Gerstein. They do, indeed. In fact, they even use other people's computers in what we call botnets. So a botnet is the use of another computer. You load the software on and you have attacks that emanate from, if you will, a computer that has nothing to do with the attack other than it is used as a platform.    In fact, if you look at the attacks against the financial sector that were occurring with great regularity 3, 4 years ago, those attacks were botnet attacks. They were denial, distributed----    Mr. Gerstein. Well, Congressman, I'm not saying that it couldn't. I guess what I'm saying is I would go back to we need a robust research and development program that looks at all alternatives.    Look at iPhones or cellular telephones today. They now come equipped with a kill switch so that, if your phone has been stolen, you have the ability to turn off that phone and make it so it is no longer anything viable for someone to use. It erases all the data.    So there could be some sort of capability. I would prefer not to speculate on the specifics, but rather say that a robust research and development program should be looking at how do we secure hardware, software, enclaves, networks, in a more cohesive fashion than perhaps we have thought about heretofore.