    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the witnesses.    This is really a frustrating issue because we have been raising it time and time again, and I really appreciate, Mr. Carmon, your testimony laying it out. These are huge payments that are going to Palestinian terrorists. When you start talking about people who have committed really heinous acts and they are raking in $3,100 a month, for a Palestinian Arab, that has to be better than 99 percent of the people who don't have access, who don't own an oil field in the whole Middle East. So that is major, major money.    And what that evidences is an unambiguous policy to promote terrorism. It is really no different than what this committee rightfully will criticize the Government of Iran for doing, sponsoring terrorism. And this Congress has responded to that with sanctions in a variety of contexts to counteract Iran's policy of support for terrorism. And we really have something similar here, and I think we need to act to try to change the policy.    Mr. Carmon, you made the point, in 2014 there was the policy change, that these payments no longer came from the Palestinian Authority and they are done from the PLO. Why did they make that change?    Mr. DeSantis. Because the donor countries don't want to be accused of funding the payments to terrorism.    Mr. DeSantis. However, money is fungible. There is a certain amount of things they have to do. So if you then say the terror payments will come out of the PLO, that just means that some of the money that the PA is getting will go to other things. If that money was removed, because you are still funding terrorists and you are still paying them, then they would have to make decisions.    And so I don't think that any of these countries can have a clear conscience simply because they have kind of shuffled the deck chairs around a little bit and are saying, well, no, it is actually not from the PA. This is all being worked together.    And I think that this is one example, but correct me if I'm wrong--I think your organization has reported on this. Doesn't the Palestinian Authority lionize terrorists by doing things like naming parks and sports stadiums after them?    Mr. DeSantis. And I also note, I know there are varying views of Mr. Abbas on this panel for sure, on the Foreign Affairs Committee, but this is a guy whose dissertation was in Holocaust denial. And you can say that he is not as bad as some of the other guys, like Hamas or whatever, but this is not necessarily somebody who is a full-fledged supporter of a lasting peace.    And I think incitement has really become endemic to this culture. You look at not only the textbook, some of the programming, and the viciousness with which they attack Jews, particularly Israeli Jews, but people that are different from them, I think is just absolutely horrifying.    And I was very, very disgusted to see, after this Tel Aviv attack in June, brutal attack at this cafe, you had people in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian Arabs, and in the West Bank, they were cheering that. Isn't that correct, Mr. Carmon? That was cause for celebration?    Mr. DeSantis. So I appreciate a lot of the comments that we have heard. I know there is this complicated issue, there are a lot of things. But, to me, the overriding problem is the behavior of not just the Palestinian Authority or Hamas per se, but really the majority impulse in the culture is one that simply does not recognize Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state and really doesn't seek a two-state solution, to the extent they want that as something for a lasting peace, but really as one step in the direction to ultimately seek Israel's destruction.    And until those underlying dynamics change, I don't think you are going to see a lot of possibility to--because here is the thing. There is difference of opinion in Israel, but the Israeli population has showed time and time again they are willing to make very significant concessions to achieve a lasting peace. And I have no doubt about that. And I know people can criticize this policy or that policy coming out of the government. But that is just, to me, unquestioned. It is not even close that the Palestinian Arabs have demonstrated that in any type of broad sense.    So here we are with the funding issue. I don't think we can allow tax dollars to be going to this entity knowing that they are working in cahoots with the PLO and that these payments are being made. Not only is it when you subsidize something, you are going to get more of terrorism, but it is also just the moral blot of any entity that wants to reward this type of activity, I think, is something that we absolutely cannot have anything to do with.    So I really appreciate the chairman calling the hearing. I have enjoyed listening to all the witnesses and their testimony. And I yield back.