    Mr. George. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, and members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on the IRS's actions to protect taxpayers' personal information.    For the last six years, we have identified the security of taxpayer data as the most serious management challenge confronting the IRS. Based on our work on information technology security, TIGTA has identified a number of areas in which the IRS could do better to protect taxpayer data.    The IRS has been moving towards providing more services through the internet referred to as online services. Web applications that provide online services must be set up in a secure manner. Even without breaching the security of the application or hardware, hackers can pose as legitimate users in order to make it through the authentication process and obtain sensitive data.    Recent security incidents, has been noted during the outset of this hearing, that involved two of the IRS's online service applications, are prime examples of what can go wrong when security is inadequate. While the IRS had established processes and procedures to authenticate individuals requesting online access to IRS services, they did not comply with government standards. For example, the processes that the IRS used to authenticate users of the ``Get Transcript'' and Identity Protection Personal Identification Number applications required only single-factor authentication. However, government standards require multifactor authentication for such high-risk applications. Of further concern, the authentication framework used for these applications did not comply with government standards for single-factor authentication.    In August 2015, the IRS reported that unauthorized users had been successful in obtaining tax information on the ``Get Transcript'' application for an estimated 334,000 taxpayer accounts, as you noted, Madam Chairwoman. To prevent further unauthorized access, the IRS removed the application from its website. TIGTA's subsequent review of the ``Get Transcript'' breach identified additional suspicious accesses to taxpayers' accounts that the IRS had not identified. Based on TIGTA's analysis, the IRS reported on February 26th of this year that potentially unauthorized users had been successful in obtaining access to an additional 390,000 taxpayer accounts, again, as has been noted.    We also reported in November 2015 that the IRS did not complete the required authentication risk assessment for its Identify Protection PIN application and recommended that the IRS not reactivate this application for the 2016 filing season. However, the IRS reactivated the application on January 19th of this year. We issued a second recommendation to the IRS on February 24th advising it to remove the Identity Protection PIN application from its public website. On March 7th, the IRS reported that it was temporarily suspending use of the Identity Protection PIN application as part of an ongoing security review.    The IRS does not anticipate having the technology in place for either the ``Get Transcript'' or Identity Protection PIN application to provide multifactor authentication capability before the summer of 2016. In addition, TIGTA's assessment of the IRS's compliance with information security standards and guidelines found that while the IRS information security program generally complied with the requirements of FISMA--the Federal Information Security Modernization Act--there were three security program areas which did not, and they are continuous monitoring management, configuration management, and identity and access management. Until the IRS takes steps to improve these security program deficiencies and fully implement all security program areas in compliance with requirements, taxpayer data will remain vulnerable to inappropriate and undetected use, modification for disclosure.    Chairman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to share my views.    Mr. George. I associate myself with the comments that he just made, and this actually relates somewhat to a very important factor that hasn't really been discussed much today, and that is while we at TIGTA haven't found that the IRS's computers themselves have been breached as was indicated, the moment people are able to gain the name, Social Security number and other information, personal information, of taxpayers, that's really where the vulnerability exists currently to the system of tax administration.    Mr. George. I have no indication that that is not the case.    Mr. George. This is a very complicated question, Congressman, because it overlaps with a lot of other issues as it relates to monies owed to the Internal Revenue Service. The Service itself estimates what it calls the tax gap at being over $450 billion every year, money that is owed to the IRS that no one has really contested that figure. And so it's a serious problem.    Then, of course, you're talking about programs such as refundable credits and the like that are being taken advantage of by people who are here in this country both legally and illegally.    So it is a major problem. The IRS is aware of it. I'm sure the Commissioner will point out that if he had additional resources, he would be able to address it more sufficiently. But this is a concern that we've raised extensively during my tenure at TIGTA.    Mr. George. They're vulnerable to compromise, but the impact on the taxpayer is not the same. If someone wants to find out where their refund is, it won't affect--even if it's an impersonation type of a situation, that won't affect the amount of money involved here. I mean, they might get additional information that ultimately could be misused if one of the factors to authenticate who the taxpayer is is what was your refund last year.    Mr. George. Right.    Mr. George. Now, keep in mind also--and this should've been stated at the outset--there's the figure of 700 or 400,000, 800,000. That number is not accurate because if someone gets access to information under the ``Get Transcript'' application when it was up and running, they also have access to dependent information and spouse information, so that number could be exponentially higher in terms of potential victims of identity theft or any other taxpayer mischief.    And then ultimately, again--and I'm glad that the Commissioner--and he and his staff have been extraordinarily cooperative, Congressman. But the IRS simply misjudged the risk of the processes that they had in place when they first instituted the ``Get Transcript'' program. They thought it was a very low-risk endeavor, and it obviously turned out not to be the case.    Mr. George. Yes, I don't have off the top of my head the exact number, but there are quite a few, and we have, for the benefit of the IRS, prioritized those recommendations. Well, I was just pointed out that as of March of this year the IRS has 23 open recommendations from 14 audits that we've provided them between the years 2008 and 2016.    Mr. George. Madam Chairwoman, we did make a recommendation, which the IRS agreed to. The one kink in their armor was that there was not a service-wide approach to cybersecurity. A particular unit had a dedicated division that would interact lightly with other units within the Internal Revenue Service, but it wasn't across the board. And my understanding is that the IRS and the Commissioner has agreed to change that.    Mr. George. That----    Mr. George. That is our understanding, sir, yes, of their system itself----    Mr. George. --of their hardware.    Mr. George. It happened because of, again, the multifactor authentication versus the single-factor authentication. And the IRS took the approach that if they were to adopt the NIST standard of multifactor authentication, which would have included--in addition to the basic information--utility bills and the like, that it would place an undue burden on taxpayers as they attempted to interact with the IRS. And while that is a laudable goal to make people's ability to comply with their taxes as easy as possible, it also had the detrimental effect of subjecting the IRS to vulnerabilities, which obviously manifested themselves with the IP PIN and with the Get Transcript application.    Mr. George. A risk assessment was not done to the extent that it should have been is--and that----    Mr. George. --and what I was really referring to was that a risk assessment was done for the Get Transcript, and they made the wrong call. They--that's what I stated earlier----    Mr. George. --in my testimony. But they made--they considered----    Mr. George. --a very low risk----    Mr. George. They made the wrong call.    Mr. George. And just to clarify my statement a moment ago, Congressman, the IRS did not complete an authentication risk assessment for the identity--personal identification number, the identity protection personal identification number. And again, it was their thinking that it would be very burdensome on taxpayers had they done so and implemented a process as a result of that.    Mr. George. Repeat your question.    Mr. George. It is--correct, because they would not require the additional information that NIST requested or mandated.    Mr. George. They're the same. They're the same so----