    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank all of you for being here today.    Before passage of Dodd-Frank, the term ``systemically important'' barely registered for the average American. Yet here we are, almost 5 years later to the day, and the term ``SIFI'' has become almost commonplace for most financial institutions.    As we have discussed today, Zions Bank, which operates one of their community banks, Amegy, in my home State of Texas, is the smallest SIFI that exists. The time, expense, and energy that it takes a bank of their size to comply with regulation after regulation, in my opinion, is simply not acceptable.    As an original cosponsor of Mr. Luetkemeyer's bill, I strongly support his effort to reform the SIFI designation. Setting arbitrary thresholds, whether that be $50 billion or $500 billion, to me, is counterproductive. Plain and simple, banks, whether they are big or small, need to be able to simply compete.    So my first question to you, Mr. Simmons, is this: You state in your testimony that your banking activities are very traditional in nature--deposits, making loans, and providing your customer with a high degree of service, with a focus on lending to small businesses.    As a small-business owner myself for 44 years--I am a car dealer, I am in the car business--I rely on banks for loans. And, in fact, there hasn't been a day--I don't know if I should say this braggingly or not, but there hasn't been a day in my business career I haven't been out of debt.    Now, can you explain to me how being designated as a SIFI impacts your bank's ability to make small-business loans?    Mr. Williams. Another question, and we touched on this a little bit, but how has having this designation impacted your business model?    And $20 million in costs associated with these stress tests is certainly no small sum. In other words, does having this designation eventually impact the services that your can provide your customers like me?    Mr. Williams. Yes. Usually overregulation affects the customer, is the way it works.    Mr. Williams. Yes.    Mr. Williams. We are running out of time. I have one more question for you. Would you support eliminating the concept of SIFIs altogether?    Mr. Williams. Thank you for your answers.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.