    Mr. Coatney. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is David Coatney, Managing Director of HWCG LLC, a deepwater well containment consortium, formerly called Helix Well Containment Group. I appreciate the opportunity to share with the committee the oil and gas industry's capacity in general, with specific focus on HWCG for quickly and comprehensively responding to a deepwater well blowout for the protection of people, property, and the environment.    First, a little bit about me. I am a fourth-generation family member of southwest Louisiana and I have been working in the oil and gas industry for 40 years. I received my petroleum engineering degree from Louisiana State University in 1977, and commenced working for Marathon Oil Company in the Gulf of Mexico. I have worked in multiple positions, drilling, completions, and production operations, offshore and on, USA and international. I was the offshore installation manager in the North Sea, managed the giant Yates Field in west Texas, and held positions of engineering manager and international production manager.    I provided field development coordination for Rocky Gas development projects during reconstruction, and was Swift Energy's Vice President of Production. Finally, I have been HWCG's Managing Director since early 2011. Throughout my career, a focus on industry and professional standards in the promotion of safe, efficient, and soundly engineered developments has been the baseline.    Five years ago, the deepwater oil industry suffered a loss. Many focused on the released oil. And while the environment costs were significant, we will never forget the loss of those 11 people, and will continue to do all we can to avoid another incident.    While I believe the industry has always been safety conscious, the Macondo tragedy represented a defining challenge that forced all of us to become even more cognizant of safety. Through concerted efforts of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, the U.S. Coast Guard, and consortiums such as HWCG, we have focused on leveraging the collaborative powers of thousands of man-years of industry experience to set a new bar for response to a deepwater containment event.    Months of the Deepwater Horizon well releasing oil into the Gulf was a hardship on all. It would have been a greater loss if we had stopped deepwater production all together. The industry took an introspective look to improve, and confirmed need for immediate access to certain large-scale equipment, including special purpose equipment called capping stacks. The Deepwater Horizon response success capping the well is a blueprint for HWCG's well containment plan.    HWCG, a consortium of 16 deepwater oil and gas companies, was developed through collaborative efforts of members and industry-servicing entities in close cooperation with the BSEE and the U.S. Coast Guard. The greatest improvement in emergency response since Macondo is maintenance of an integrated comprehensive response solution, trained frequently across the year with members ready for immediate deployment.    There are two containment consortiums in the Gulf, others for international and multiple capping stacks, matching pressure and flow requirements of wells. HWCG's solution is founded on a model anchored on fit for purpose, with collaboration and mutual aid as cornerstones, is based on tried-and-tested equipment proven on Macondo, is supported by frequent meetings of technical experts, contains a detailed well containment plan, and has established response protocols with conformance to NIMS guidelines.    HWCG has over 250 mutual aid subject matter experts available to assist each other during a response. And finally, HWCG's equipment is immediately deployable and technology current through daily use in support of ongoing exploration and development projects. HWCG was tested by the regulators in 2013, through an actual deployment of a capping stack on the seafloor in the Gulf in 5,000 feet of water. Even with a weather hold, it took less than 6 days--a vast improvement, considering the Macondo deployment of nearly 90 days.    HWCG's solution, with capabilities of 130,000 barrels per day, many times Macondo's flows, is a comprehensive well containment response model made up of equipment, people, procedures, and processes.    Thank you for the opportunity to share our story. I would be happy to entertain questions.    Mr. Coatney. Thank you, Representative. From HWCG's perspective, in well containment--well containment being certainly a new advent since 2010--the NTLs, as they exist, and the opportunity to build the containment consortiums to be able to meet those, is very workable. And we are able to continue to develop the necessary components to have an effective and comprehensive response to any containment event.    Mr. Coatney. And, Representative, I believe all I would make a statement to is that certainly our members are reviewing the rule, as well, as it has come out, to understand its impacts. For deepwater well containment, our focus is primarily on the fit-for-purpose capacity of the capping stacks that were used. So, they are a slightly different use, if you will, than what the rule has.    Mr. Coatney. What I would say is that, in the well containment category, the developments that have arisen in the Gulf of Mexico applications, as a result of Macondo have been transferable to other entities around the globe, such that there are capping stacks located throughout the globe and organizations that are able to deploy that response solution in their applications.    Mr. Coatney. No. The capping stack technology was a collaborate effect of the industry participants that are operating in the deepwater environment.    The Chairman. The company consortiums. Who paid for it? Was it the government?    Mr. Coatney. No, sir. It is paid for by the members themselves, the industry members themselves, and those of the consortiums.    The Chairman. So it was an industry-driven innovation that came up with this technology that your company employs to make the shores safer.    You said that you are a resident of the Gulf area, so I am assuming you take all of this very personally.    Mr. Coatney. Yes, sir. I must admit I do. Fourth-generation family member of southwest Louisiana, my members have been there for a long time, and I have walked the marshes and very much enjoy them. Therefore, I do want to protect them.    The Chairman. Thank you. So if there were an incident tomorrow, could you spend maybe a minute of my time and walk us through how your company would work to deploy that capping stack?    Mr. Coatney. Yes, sir. What would occur is that the responsible party, the operator that was having the incident, he would make a call accordingly to regulatory agencies, as he is compelled to do. But as for containment, he would make a call into a central number. That number would contact key people at any point, 24 hours a day.    They then--with HWCG as an example, HWCG personnel would then interface with the operator himself, as the responsible party, and initiate actions upon his guidelines to basically effect a movement to get equipment moving and resources moving, to include an incident command facility where the source command services would occur from, to mobilizing a capping stack with some initial protocols of testing the capping stack prior to loading it on to a vessel, and then transporting it to the site, at which time, once it got on site, along with ancillary equipment that would be there, that would be landed on to the well that was experiencing the problem, and then other vessels that will have been mobilized simultaneously would be put there to effect capture, to the extent that it had to flow and could not be shut in effectively and safely at the time, to capture the flow and put it in storage.    The Chairman. Thank you. I appreciate that. I am an old history teacher. I almost understand what you were telling me. That was good.    Ms. Hopkins, Mr. Williams, you know, Plato said that necessity is the mother of all inventions, and we saw after Macondo innovations that came from the industry as a necessity for that. Could you just speak very quickly, each of you, to some of the reforms industries have realized right away in the wake of Macondo, and how you put them into place and work with the Federal regulators to bring safety to this issue?    Let me start with Ms. Hopkins and Mr. Williams.