    Mr.  Bradshaw. Good morning, Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Steve Bradshaw, and I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association.    I am currently executive vice president of Standard Mortgage Corporation, a lender and servicer headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana. The company was founded in 1925 and currently services approximately 28,000 residential mortgage loans throughout the southeast.    This past August marked the 10th anniversary of one of the most significant flood events in U.S. history, Hurricane Katrina. We experienced the massive devastation firsthand. Approximately 3,500 of our servicing customers sustained significant flood damage to their homes. And on a more personal note, nearly two-thirds of our staff lost their homes.    As a result of Hurricane Katrina and two other significant storms in the fall of 2005, more than one million housing units were damaged across five States. There is no doubt that the National Flood Insurance Program was the key component to the Gulf Coast recovery, just as it has been for other communities across the country that have sustained major flooding or are flooding today. But there is also no doubt that the NFIP needs to be reformed. The program is now $23 billion in debt and is simply not sustainable as it is. The Federal Government cannot and should not bear the full burden of post-disaster recovery.    Congress recognized when it passed Biggert-Waters that private sector flood insurance must be allowed to develop in order to ensure a stable, sustainable, and affordable market. Expanding flood insurance options will make it easier for more homeowners to obtain flood insurance. And a competitive flood insurance market will expand available insurance options, lower cost, and increase the number of at-risk properties that are insured. In other words, we are expanding the pool.    For example, many homes that were destroyed in Katrina were not located in a special flood hazard area. Homes outside those zones are not required to have flood insurance. As a result, mortgage servicers like us were liable for the cost when those homes were wiped out. The MBA believes that increased private sector involvement can also serve to shift some of the burden--not all of the burden--of post-disaster recovery away from the Federal Government and to the private sector. This will limit taxpayer exposure to future flood losses.    In light of this, we support H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. The bill provides two important improvements to the NFIP. First, the bill clarifies what constitutes an acceptable private flood insurance policy by providing a clear definition of private flood insurance. This will make it easier for lenders to accept private policies to satisfy the mandatory purchase requirement.    Second, H.R. 2901 addresses lenders' concerns regarding continuous coverage requirements. Under current law, it is unclear whether someone previously covered under an NFIP policy who moves to a private sector policy would be eligible to return to the NFIP policy at their previous rate. We are pleased that H.R. 2901 eliminates this disincentive for consumers to choose a private policy. It does so by clarifying that private flood insurance satisfies the continuous coverage requirement.    In summary, MBA supports H.R. 2901 as a simple way to encourage the growth of a competitive private flood insurance market. Increased private sector involvement will hopefully expand available insurance options for borrowers, lower cost for consumers, and reduce taxpayer exposure to flood losses over time. We are especially grateful for the leadership shown by Representatives Dennis Ross and Patrick Murphy on this legislation, and we urge the subcommittee to approve it.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify today. The MBA commends your efforts to expand the private flood insurance market, and I look forward to any questions you may have.    Mr.  Bradshaw. With regards to requiring everybody to have flood insurance, the answer to that is no, that is not the position of Standard Mortgage. It is certainly not the position of the Mortgage Bankers Association. With regards to expanding the options for insurance coverage to be available, we, Standard Mortgage, are very interested in that.    During Katrina, there were a number of people who were flooded. Due to the nature of FHA insurance, just as an example, if someone floods and they are not in a flood zone, so there is no flood insurance, and if they then abandon their home, then under the FHA program, it is up to Standard Mortgage to repair the home in order to file the claim against FHA.    That puts us in the business of insuring FHA. So we believe with a new type of program that could be developed by private insurers, that other people may be interested in obtaining insurance even when they are outside the zone.    Mr.  Bradshaw. We don't know what the private sector is going to do because they are not in that business on a large role today. So it is something to us that is worth trying. Of course, in Louisiana, we have a high concentration of risk. We are very eager to have as many choices in order to expand homeownership and to provide an affordable option. And, to me, there may be something akin to the relationship we have with the FHA and the GSEs and the Thrifts and everybody that is serving--    Mr.  Bradshaw. There is a--pardon me for going off. We are interested in expanding options. We are interested in seeing flexibility for the consumer.    Mr.  Bradshaw. Certainly the value of the flood plain maps are significantly improved today as compared to when I started in the business in 1971, when we received this big box roll of maps and our objective was or our assignment was to locate all of the properties on the map. So the digitization of the maps helped to improve significantly, we believe, the underwriting of the flood insurance risk.    All that being said, there are several places with the mapping that are incorrect and that the private market will be able to identify those from using different approaches. And then the hope is that provides more choices, that provides more opportunities for our consumers to afford the flood insurance, particularly the lower income and the new home buyer.    Mr.  Bradshaw. With regards to the affordability of the program, however this comes out, is that we are very interested in making sure that the consumers can afford the product. We believe that competition will bear that true. We have a unique position in Louisiana where we have such a high concentration of flood risk, very much of it is required. Many of our customers are required to have flood insurance. So the impact by NFIP and a huge change in the premium not only affects our consumers but the property values, which we have a high level of interest in because at the end of the day, we are the guys who are protecting the investors. So we are very interested in that. We would see it that it is somewhat like the relationship with FHA in the general market of lenders and of guarantors in the mortgage business is that FHA has a role. Looking back to the late 1980s of the oil bust, FHA was the only program in town. So the NFIP does serve a significant and a long-term benefit.    Mr.  Bradshaw. Certainly, we have had some similar experiences with Hurricane Katrina, and our part of the country and the Gulf Coast is very much at risk, just as you, and, certainly, taking nothing away from the flooding that has taken place on the Mississippi River in Missouri right now, as well. People are in harm's way.    We look to committees such as this to make sure that those folks who need help in order to maintain their property values, in order to continue to make a living, to continue to have access to homeownership--and that, from that perspective, there seems to me to be a parallel between what FHA does in the home mortgage business and what NFIP does for the flood business.    In our part of the country, Port Fourchon is one example, which carries 25 to 35 percent of the petrochemical business from the Gulf up to the mainland. There are reasons that has to be there. People have to work there. So that very well may require some subsidization of premiums for people in that area. It is very important.    I am not sure that I know how to do that. I know that what we have right now has created $23 billion in debt and that if we fail to plan for the next event, if there is an event, then we will merely re-experience what we have today.    So we are very eager to help protect the consumer. We are very eager to be very interested and verbal to help protect the consumer. Because without them, our business goes away.    Mr.  Bradshaw. Just very quickly, as you know, Congressman, there has been a huge investment in the levee system in New Orleans, which we appreciate significantly. There was a huge modernization of the levee system in New Orleans. So when you live behind a dam, you have to be always conscious and always vigilant if the dam starts leaking.    So the National Flood Insurance Program is a very important program in order to help those folks who do need help to maintain affordable housing. We are very much in favor of that.    Mr.  Bradshaw. Just a really quick response. Of course we now experience 5 percent named storm deductibles in hazard insurance in our particular marketplace. And so we continue to have that risk. And as a lender then we accept part of that risk. And that is typically what we are seeing unless you buy down to a 2 percent named storm.    Now, that is not flood insurance, but that is the hazard insurance. And there is not much loss mitigation on hurricanes.