    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Secretary, for your willingness to come today.    I want to ask questions about a program that you are now responsible for, caring for, and undertaking. It's a program that I must admit right from the get-go I don't support. I think it is ill-advised. It is top-down management of a set of indicators that I don't think we can do effectively from the Federal level, and that's the College Scorecard.    Is the goal of the College Scorecard, in your mind, to determine which colleges and universities are legitimate?    Mr. Walberg. Which I think indicates -- and forgive me for jumping in, but the chairman has made it very clear we are only going to have a set time -- but indicates to me you have a lot of parameters to deal with, which makes it very difficult to manage that from top down when we have accrediting institutions, when we have schools themselves, when we have the responsibility of individuals, parents, students, to do the research necessary to find which schools work.    In my district, Hillsdale College, for instance, it's not a school that has had a low success rate. According to Kiplinger, U.S. News & World Report, Forbes, Princeton Review, it's rated as one of the top liberal arts colleges in the world, and yet it's not included in the Scorecard, simply because it takes no Federal or State moneys, and so it doesn't come into some of the plans where you will pick information from. But it also comes in some of the rating institutions or recording institutions that you do take from, but they are not included.    I don't think that's accurate, to portray Hillsdale College simply because it's not in the Scorecard, it's probably not worthy of people going to the school. Do you?    Mr. Walberg. Are they affecting the rating system?    Mr. Walberg. Yeah, but those -- you bring up an important point as well. We have another three schools in Michigan here that reported either just simply the average annual cost or nothing at all, and yet they are included in this point.    I go to one of my alma maters -- one of my alma maters -- storied, historic, world renowned -- and I say this out of truth, not just because I graduated from it -- but the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago. Over 3,000 students that go there. Average annual cost is very low, because every student that goes is received on a tuition-paid scholarship. Graduation rate significantly high, 75 percent or better.    But no data available for salary. Why? These are missionaries. These are pastors. These are missionary pilots that go out. They are not going to make a lot of money. In fact, in most cases they have to raise their own. And yet that's included in this Scorecard.    All that to say, I'm not sure this -- though it's rather expensive to produce, it puts a lot of information out, and yet I think it's misleading as well. And I'm not sure that the Federal Government should be involved in putting out something that, as you say, is not a rating system, but it becomes a rating system. It's impossible not to be a rating system when that type of information is included, and it's not incomplete -- it's not complete. It's incomplete.    Mr. Walberg. It would be good to be complete and accurate information.    And I yield back.