    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to thank Vice Chairman Pittenger for holding today's hearing. And I want to thank our distinguished witnesses for their willingness to help us with our work on this task force. I am pleased with the efforts our task force has made since it was created earlier this year. During our first congressional hearing this past April, we confronted the diversity and scope of terrorist threats which have become more varied and localized since the September 11th attacks. Our subsequent hearings have investigated outstanding challenges related to terrorist financing, including beneficial ownership, cybersecurity threats, the nexus between crime, corruption, and terrorism, and the Iran nuclear deal and the implications that may have on our antiterrorist financing efforts.    At today's fifth and final hearing in this iteration of the task force, we will examine policy proposals that aim to help improve our Nation's efforts to combat terrorist financing. Detecting and disrupting the flow of funding to terrorist groups is essential in our fight against terrorism. And we are all very aware of the threats presented by terrorist organizations, such as the Islamic State and Hezbollah in the Middle East, and Boko Haram and Al-Shabaab in Africa. Without financial resources, these organizations will not be able to fund their attacks, pay their fighters, and otherwise support their operations. Thus, to effectively stop these groups, we must cut off their funding.    One of the ways we can do this is by supporting regional financial intelligence units (FIUs). This is why I am pleased with our witness Scott Modell's recommendations that we take full advantage of the information collected and stored by FIUs. I also agree with Mr. Modell's suggestion that we explore new ways to better analyze and use that information collected by FIUs in order to stop illicit money flows. During overseas codels, I try to make it a point to meet with regional FIUs to get updates on efforts to combat terrorist financing around the world. Witnessing the important work of FIUs around the globe demonstrates the need for the United States to continue to support international government efforts to develop robust legal, regulatory, and operational frameworks to combat terrorist financing and money laundering. It is also crucial to strengthen the relationship between FIUs, particularly with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, our FIU, the U.S. financial intelligence unit. This should be done in accordance with the landmark recommendations issued by the Financial Action Task Force, which is an intergovernmental body consisting of over 30 member jurisdictions dedicated to strengthening worldwide antiterrorist financing and anti-money laundering policies. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses so that we can examine these issues further. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The typical way that we have been addressing anti-money laundering and counterterrorism efforts on this task force has been, and I think for our FIUs as well, partnering with central banks in other countries and setting up FIUs. I know that the members on this task force have been to Tunisia, Jordan, Morocco, obviously Afghanistan and Iraq, a bunch of countries, just trying to get them to adopt anti-money laundering legislation and then enforce that. And the idea there is to squeeze out the terrorists from using the formal financial system.    We have a different animal in ISIL. They are autonomous. A lot of the things that we normally do to shut them out are not effective because they rely on, they have rolled over a couple of Iraqi banks, a couple of Syrian financial institutions. They are using taxation in cities like Mosul and other places. They are using antiquities sales. They have a pretty active oil or at least petroleum trade program going in terms of the Syrian and, until recently, the Turkish border. So they are generating all this revenue. And it just seems that our model that we usually use to fight this is not effective against them because they are a different situation.    Do you have any ideas about how to approach that problem? Because, obviously, the successful things we have been using against other situations where you have Al Shabaab or Hezbollah raising money sort of on the margins or on the seams of a legitimate banking system or using hawalas or hawaladars to finance small operations. Again, if you go back to what ISIL is doing, they are autonomous. And we can't seem to get at them using our usual toolbox. Do you have any ideas about how we might be more effective against them?    Mr. Modell? And I will go right down the line.    Mr.  Lynch. I understand. Our problem is separating them from the population. If we just use brute force in Mosul, we are going to have a lot of folks signing up for ISIL pretty quickly because of the civilian casualties. That is the problem.    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you for sharing that. Thank you.    Dr. Shelley?    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you, Dr. Shelley.    Mr. Larkin?    Mr.  Lynch. That is fair enough, Ms. Rosenberg?    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr.  Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for your kind words. Mr. Larkin, we had an opportunity a couple months ago to go into Gaziantep in southern Turkey to meet with a group of Syrian rebels who are largely engaged in opposition to Bashar al-Assad and his regime in Syria but also against ISIL on occasion. We met with them to determine what efforts that we might bring to that fight, especially against ISIL. In our conversations, a number of these different rebel leaders indicated that they used a messaging platform called WhatsApp. It is pretty common. It provides full encryption, not end-to-end encryption. But, interestingly, it now has a banking app so that they can transfer funds in and out. The depository bank that is connected to that I think is Axis Bank in India. And we have a great relationship with India, especially with the anti-money laundering and terrorist financing implications considered.    But if the rebels are using this as a regular funding app, I am sure that ISIL and others are doing exactly the same thing. And I wanted to know what are the implications here for us to try to wall off ISIL, even if, as Mr. Modell indicated, it is great that Turkey is in the fight now. And, actually, it looks like they are beginning to police their border in an effective way. Syria is still a mess, a very porous border. We have been out there to Al Qaim on the Iraq border. It is tough enough physically to close off that border. If this financing is going on through WhatsApp and I am sure it will just morph into something else. These things seem to be--they trend from time to time. What are the implications though for us to try to shut off financing if it is so easy to do wirelessly? And there seems to be great connectivity in that area to use these apps. What are the implications from a cyber security standpoint?    Mr.  Lynch. Maybe that is a conversation I should have with FinCEN off-line then.    Mr.  Lynch. Sure, Ms. Rosenberg. Absolutely.    Mr.  Lynch. It works well, KYC, know your customer, works very well when the person is walking into the bank. I guess I have problems conceptualizing how that happens electronically when we are doing it as a wireless messaging platform, and it is instantaneous. I guess I have a--    Mr.  Lynch. All right. Thank you very much.    I yield back. Thank you.    Mr.  Lynch. And Jackie Cahan. She's on my staff.