    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate this important Committee hearing. I appreciate you all being here. Mr. Melito, I appreciate your directness and unfettered reports.    The purpose is to make sure that the money that the American people are taxed for to provide relief to people in need go to the people that it was intended to. And when I look at the Public Law, this is not something new we are doing. We might be going into a new era, but when I look at the 1954 Public Law on agricultural trade and development, it states the law's original purpose was to expand international trade to promote economic stability of the American agriculture, to make maximum use of surplus ag commodities in the furtherance of foreign policy, and to stimulate the expansion of foreign trade in agricultural commodity products in the U.S.    And, of course, it has morphed since then, now it is a humanitarian goal, in addition to those others. And I find disturbing that--Ms. Trujillo, you were talking about that it took you 4 years to find a deficiency in the program, yet it hasn't been corrected. Take me through the process of you going into a country--because I know we have conflict countries, and we have non-conflict countries. Going into a country to set up a program where you set up that program, you initiate it, whether it is food, whether it is vouchers, whether it is cash--and I agree 100 percent with Mr. Costa's assessment. I would rather give commodities. I know it is more expensive, but it is more representative of America, and the taxpayers would be better served by doing that, as our farmers would be.    So when you go into a country, and you set up a program, I would assume you have a program that says, all right, this is the beginning of it, and we are going to distribute throughout the region, and these are the metrics we are going to set up, and we are going to follow those so that we can measure so there is no fraud, there is no waste, there is no abuse. How do you do that, and if you do it properly, there shouldn't be a miscommunication of where would the money go?    Mr. Yoho. Okay, I am going to interrupt you----    Mr. Yoho. Well, you are the one on the ground. He is up in Washington. I would like to hear from both of you, if I have time.    Mr. Yoho. I think you said they didn't do it in a timely manner.    Mr. Yoho. I come from the private-sector, and if we had a business that was running like that, and we tasked people to manage that business, and they don't perform that way, we would fire that person. And if you are set up to have it staffed to do that, why are people not being held accountable for that? Because, I have to go back to my district and sell to the people in my district that we are giving cash to foreign countries, yet I have people struggling in my district. And I just find it unconscionable that we are not doing a better job spending the American taxpayers' money in a responsible manner. I am about out of time, but go ahead, quickly.    Mr. Yoho. I am out of time. I appreciate it, Mr.----