    Mr. O'Rielly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the honor to be before this subcommittee to help further its oversight responsibility over the Federal Communications Commission.    During my 2-year tenure, I have tried to be true to my principles, look for areas of agreement with my colleagues, and move past any disagreements that we may have. This subcommittee is right to focus significant attention on the Commission, given how our decisions impact the American economy. In retrospect, I wish I had pushed for more FCC hearings when I advised committee members years ago.    With your indulgence, I would like to touch on four areas to help further the discussion.    First, a key priority for me is expanding the amount of commercial spectrum available and updating infrastructure rules to facilitate build-out. While the Spectrum Pipeline Act is a step in the right direction, industry experts indicate that 350 megahertz of licensed spectrum will be needed to meet projected demand by the end of the decade. Inevitably, Federal Government users must reduce their footprint. And we need to incentivize this transition, including instituting Federal Government spectrum user fees.    The Commission's efforts to release more spectrum for commercial use include the upcoming broadcast incentive auction, a proceeding targeting specific bands above 24 gigahertz, and examining the best ways to open the 5.9-gigahertz band for unlicensed use.    But no matter how much new spectrum is available, substantial infrastructure upgrades are needed. And I have discussed a number of ways to promote build-out in my written testimony.    Second, the Commission recently moved to reduce barriers to private-sector, not government, foreign investment by proposing to extend the common carrier streamlined review process to broadcast licensees. This action is not just about increasing capital for domestic broadcasters but also about expanding the ability of U.S. firms to invest internationally.    At the same time, fixing the process at the Commission will do nothing to alleviate the problems inherent in the opaque and lengthy Team Telecom review process. I respectfully request this body to consider ways to work across committee jurisdiction to craft an oversight function for Team Telecom that is grounded in fact and legitimacy rather than the whims of any Federal department at any given moment.    Third, I repeat my call for some badly needed process reforms at the Commission. Top of this list is allowing those interested in Commission open meeting items to see the exact text being proposed to engage in a clear and level playing field, not through a dense fog of spin.    Other reform ideas I have advocated were summarily deferred to a process review task force. My office has been actively engaged in this process, but suffice it to say that no action has occurred yet. The committee's legislation in this area is both helpful and needed.    Lastly, the subcommittee should be concerned about the potential for Commission mission creep. Nearly every week, the Commission expansively interprets the Communications Act to claim broad authority outside that originally contemplated by the law. Without proper constraints, it is easy to see this or a future Commission trying to micromanage business practices of edge providers or online companies.    The Commission's strong interest in regulating privacy and data security is a troubling example with major implications for the tech economy and those businesses that transact with customers online. The Commission should not freelance in an area where it has little expertise. The communications sector is much too important to the economy to be saddled with experimental regulations from any and all interested agencies.    So, with that, I thank the chairman and wish to yield back.    Mr. O'Rielly. Absolutely, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree with my colleague on a number of fronts. And he raised these issues--I have raised them before publicly. I have a problem with a number of aspects of our Enforcement Bureau, both in the selective prosecution but also getting information.    For instance, we have been trying to work on pirate radio for a while. In July, we adopted an item. I have been pushing them to do the policy statement that all of us agreed to do. It wasn't until last week, when this hearing was announced, or 2 weeks ago, that we actually finally got some ideas out of the Enforcement Bureau in terms of how to address pirate radio.    So I am troubled by how irresponsive they are to the concerns that we have and the activities that we would like to see addressed. But then, also, on the prosecution side, deep problems in terms of some of the items that we have adopted against my wishes.    Mr. O'Rielly. Absolutely.    Mr. O'Rielly. No, I think so, as well. And I agree. And I thank the good work of my colleagues, including the Chairman, who has been very cooperative on this issue.    We have worked to try and provide a clear path for foreign investment into U.S. broadcast properties from the private sector, not the government, not foreign governments. And, in doing so, we think we can increase the amount of capital available for broadcasters in terms of things that they may need to do. That is very important.    But it also, as I talked about in my testimony, it is also about allowing U.S. investors internationally. This has been a barrier that is pointed on in a number of----    Mr. O'Rielly. Absolutely.    Mr. O'Rielly. No. I agree with the Chairman's comments. I think I want to be careful exactly on approaching landlords. We would like to have an education process, as well. Many may not be familiar. I do not want to expose landlords in a broad category. I want to be careful when we do it.    But it is not just landlords. It is political campaigns that advertise on these illegal pirate stations. And there are a lot of other--concert promoters. There are things that we need to educate the community that should not be participating with these pirate radios. They are illegal, and we should go after all the mechanisms to eliminate them.    Mr. O'Rielly. I have similar problems. But can I give you an example that just happened yesterday? We came out with an FTC-FCC memorandum of understanding. I had an opportunity to talk to some folks at the FTC. They were notified of it on last Thursday. I learned of it yesterday morning. So, I mean, it is just a lack of sharing.    Mr. O'Rielly. Can I only say that, when we were working on the statute I was working on behalf of a number of Senators, the structure that is now outlined is something I disagreed with. And the Commission actually doesn't have a great role in FirstNet. NTIA, at the Department of Commerce, has a greater role in its oversight function. I lost that debate, and now we have a process exactly playing out how I thought it might.    Mr. O'Rielly. True.    Mr. O'Rielly. No, I tried to provide authority to the FCC through that process. I just lost that discussion. So if Congress wishes to give us more authority, we would be happy to have more involvement.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, sir.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, sir.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question.    I experienced this when I was in Barcelona recently, when we had an opportunity to talk to some of our European colleagues about what they were planning to do and what activities the United States signals were sending to their activities. And if you see what the European Union has done recently on the issue of net neutrality, it is different than what the United States has done and is actually a step back, I would say, from some of the extensive steps that we have taken and problematic steps that we have taken.    So I am troubled by what message it sends internationally, how far and how wide the United States has moved through the net-neutrality proceeding at the Commission. I think it is the wrong signal internationally. Thankfully, some of the other nations are looking at it a little differently, but it is very problematic going forward.    Mr. O'Rielly. I have spent a great deal of time on the issue of privacy. I have to say, I find that the Commission's understanding of the issue is lacking and its expertise is low.    The FTC spent over the last two decades becoming an expert in this space and providing guidance and providing the structure, and we are going to waltz in there and provide quite a bit of damage, I think, going forward, notwithstanding the fact that it is a very important issue.    Mr. O'Rielly. So it is a suggestion I said. My colleague and I have had a good, healthy discussion over the years regarding in terms of incentives that may provide. I also think you need to provide a mechanism to force Federal users to relinquish spectrum, and I think that one way to do that is impose a spectrum fee.    So we put the opportunity cost to the spectrum for the Federal Government users on an annual basis, and, therefore, they have an incentive to decrease how much they use.    Mr. O'Rielly. So, as the result of our net-neutrality decision, we now have an issue regarding the privacy of networks, broadband networks, and the treatment of them under, as my colleagues highlighted, section 222.    I am extremely concerned about that and have highlighted that for a considerable amount of time and what it can mean for two different regulatory agencies to have oversight over similar information and that providers that operate on both sides of the equation will be stuck with two different regulators fighting over each other. The MOU is an attempt to try and say that we are going to cooperate, but the different treatment of the same data is going to be problematic, in my opinion.    I have also highlighted why I think that our expertise on the subject matter is pretty dormant and lacking compared to the FTC.    Mr. O'Rielly. There is one sentence or at least one clause in here that just highlights the exact problem I have indicated. It says, ``... Including FCC's authority over activities engaged in by common carriers and by non-common carriers for and in connection with common-carrier services.''    The scope of that is extremely broad. ``By non-common carriers for and in connection with common-carrier services.'' There is no limiting principle on that concept. I think that is very problematic.    Mr. O'Rielly. Can I comment on top of that? And I highlighted this in my testimony. If you see some of the citations that we issued against First National Bank and Lyft, we didn't provide them any kind of notice that they were even coming. They didn't even know what was happening.    So the idea that you referenced, where they are working with the carriers and trying to make sure that they do the right thing, these weren't carriers; these are non-carriers--had no idea what was coming their way, and there was no communication from the Commission.    So I agree with my colleague's just point. These numbers are picked out of the air. We are not going to see $365 million. It is great for a press release, but it is not going to actually develop.    Mr. O'Rielly. A fine individual but a D-minus.    Mr. O'Rielly. Well, and the rule also states, Congressman, that you can't change your services without our permission, which we will never give you.    Mr. O'Rielly. No, sir.    Mr. O'Rielly. No, sir.    Mr. O'Rielly. So the vast number of rural carriers do a wonderful job in serving and completely don't do some of these practices. But we have found that some providers have been doing a very interesting reading of our rules. We do not believe that the scarce universal service funding should go to things like artwork within the building of the provider or building a cafeteria for their employees. So we want the dollars to be spent on building out networks and providing service to consumers.    Mr. O'Rielly. Yes, I support the legislation, but I think it may require Congress to--we can't do it ourselves--require congressional action, and we support that.    Mr. O'Rielly. Absolutely. And there is a number of build-out ideas my colleagues and I have had, and we think those would be very hopeful.    Mr. O'Rielly. I agree with my colleague's point. I imagine that when this item is done we are going to have different regimes for different types of--based on the provider used or a third-party provider. And that is going to be problematic for consumers.