    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for calling this, again, timely and important hearing.    Welcome to our witnesses.    Based on the outlines of the deal as we know it, President Obama's rush to sign what appears to be an egregiously flawed nuclear deal with Iran may make war more, not less likely, may trigger a nuclear arms race in the region, and surely makes Israel and our other friends and allies in the region and the United States itself less safe.    A sunset clause is one, but this deal appears to be riddled with Achilles' heels. And I think we will wake up too late to that fact because of this rush. It ought to be self-evident that any nuclear agreement must bar every Iranian path to nuclear weapons. This deal must last for decades, not for 15 years or whatever the sunset provision turns out to be. Iran must be compelled to dismantle its current nuclear infrastructure, not merely disconnect centrifuges, no enrichment.    And my friend and colleague from Florida, Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, was right, all of the previous admonishments from the U.N. and Security Council resolutions were no enrichment. That is off the table now. IAEA inspectors must have unfettered access to any and all suspected sites, including military installations.    What a theater of the absurd when during these negotiations high-level people from the very top say: No access to nuclear inspections on military installations. I mean, that is where they will put them.    And let me also ask our distinguished panelists, if there is no deal, or if Iran fails to live up to a deal, say Congress were to go along with it, what happens when they fail to live up to it, which I think we can almost predict with near certainty will be the case.    We are in a position of worldwide comprehensive sanctions. Will they happen? Or will that coalition, is it being dismantled even as we talk? Again, there shouldn't be a lifeline to China for oil, which kept Tehran afloat.    Secretary Rademaker, you bring up a number of great points about the cascade of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East, which I think is the next step. How can they not build up their own deterrence capability in light of an aggressive country like Iran?    And I thought your including Thomas Friedman's comments about ``it is stunning to me how well the Iranians, sitting alone on their side of the table, have played a weak hand against the United States, Russia, China, France, Germany, and Britain on their side of the table. When the time comes, I am hiring Ali Khamenei to sell my house. . . .'' And you talk about how--quoting him--how they should have walked out, say: That is it, there are some bright lines. I mean, the future of millions of people's lives--and what is worse than nuclear bombs--hang in the balance.    And let me also finally ask about, given Iran's long history of supporting terrorist organizations, what is to restrain them from selling materials for dirty bombs to other rogue or to other terrorist organizations?    And, again, we still have four Americans, including Saeed Abedini, being cruelly mistreated while all of this is going on. I have chaired, myself, two hearings. The chairman had a hearing with relatives from each of the four. That too just begs the question of who it is that we are really dealing with. And as you said, the whole idea of those sanctions, especially when we went after the bank, that had a bite, and it should have had a longer bite to get a better deal.    Mr. Rademaker.