    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Welcome, Dr. King.    Mr. Salmon. It's no secret that over the last few years the Department's taken several steps to aggressively target particular sectors of higher education. One such step was the creation of an interagency task force on for-profit institutions.    Proprietary institutions play an extremely important role in delivering postsecondary education to nontraditional students, and I'm very concerned that the Department is unjustly staining the reputation of the entire sector.    What does the interagency task force on for-profits seek to accomplish? How does the Department attempt to justify operating the task force without transparency? And how can the Department further justify favoring one sector over another?    Mr. Salmon. I agree that bad actors should be dealt with appropriately, whether they're in the private sector or whether they're in the public sector. And I'll just throw a couple statistics that come off of the Department's College Scorecard. San Antonio College, which is a public university, has a graduation rate of 8 percent. The University of Maryland, University College, a public university, has a graduation rate of 4 percent. The West Coast University, Los Angeles, which is a for-profit university, has a graduation rate of 85 percent. And the Cambridge Institute of Health and Technology, a for-profit university, has a graduation rate of 87 percent.    So there are really good actors and bad actors in both the private and the public sector. And I just want to make sure that as we go forward, that those students that are participating in public universities, that your care and concern for them is as great as it is for the students of private universities.    Mr. Salmon. I want to shift to student loans. My son-in-law is a dentist now and graduated from Case Western dental school in Ohio. His first year he took out a pretty significant student loan and then decided, ``nuts to this,'' and he joined the Army. They paid for the other 3 years, and he served 3 years as an Army dentist.    Now, this year that he took out for a student loan, the repayment rate under a government monopoly student loan process, the Federal Government basically has a monopoly on all student loans now, but the repayment percentage is 9 percent. Nine percent. And when he told me he wanted to investigate refinancing it, he found out that it was against the law.    As I started talking to different folks about this, I come to find this disparity, that graduate students actually pay a higher percentage on their government monopoly student loans than undergrad, even though their repayment rates are far higher and the risk associated with graduate-level programs is far less. In a private sector loan, they would be given a much lower rate, but since it's a government monopoly loan, it's higher.    I come to find out that the reason that they pay those exorbitant rates and they can't refinance is that that's actually revenue to the State. It's a hidden tax. And I would just encourage all of my colleagues to really take a second look at this. These monopoly loans from the government aren't all they're cracked up to be and they're really penalizing a lot of families.