    Chairman Gowdy. Welcome, everyone. This is the third hearing of the Benghazi Committee. The committee will come to order. And the chair notes a quorum of two Members for taking testimony is present.    The chair will further note--well, before I note that, consistent with the rules and practices the House, without objection--well, that point has now been rendered moot. So you have been reappointed to the committee, and all members can participate fully.    The chair will recognize himself and then the ranking member for purposes of making an opening statement.    The Committee on Benghazi exists because the House of Representatives voted for it to exist and, in the process, made it very clear what is expected. If you have not read the House resolution authorizing this committee, I would encourage you to do so. For those asking for a roadmap or a scope of the investigation, or who want to know what the committee intends to do, the resolution passed by the House of Representatives, I hasten to add with seven Democrats voting ``yes,'' answers all of those questions.    The resolution asked this committee to investigate all policies, decisions, and activities related to the attacks, the preparation before the attacks, the response during the attacks, efforts to repel the attacks, the administration's response after the attacks, and executive-branch efforts to comply with congressional inquiries.    The operative word in the resolution is the word ``all.'' And the word ``all'' is about as comprehensive a word as you could use. So it stands to reason, if you are asked to conduct a full and complete investigation into all policies, decisions, and activities, you need to access all witnesses and all relevant documents. Because the final task assigned to this committee is to write a comprehensive report complete with recommendations on how to prevent future attacks. And to write a comprehensive report, you need access to all witnesses and all relevant documents.    It is essential we talk to every witness with knowledge and examine all relevant evidence. If six people witness an important event, you cannot credibly report on that event by examining one out of the six. Frankly, you can't credibly report on that event by interviewing two out of the six. Each witness has a different perspective, each witness may have observed a different fact, each witness has a different vantage point, so, to do your job, you have to interview all witnesses.    So, too, with documents. It is interesting, but not relevant, to note the number of pages agencies produce to Congress. What is both interesting and relevant is whether the agency has produced all documents responsive to the request. Giving Congress 10,000 pages of material out of a universe of 10,000 pages of material is good. Giving Congress 10,000 pages of material out of a universe of 100,000 pages of material does not get us any closer to issuing a final report in a timely fashion.    And make no mistake, time is of the essence. The world is not a safer place, as some of you may have noted even this morning. It is not safer than it was in 2012. So the sooner we make recommendations related to the improvements that make lives better for the women and men who serve us abroad, the better. Moreover, time does not make investigations or witness recollections or memories or evidence better either.    The purpose of today's hearing is to hear from some agencies and entities about the state of compliance with requests for documents and access to witnesses.    And we have had some success. The State Department provided the committee with 25,000 pages of documents, previously provided to the Oversight Committee but now with fewer redactions. In addition, this production included, finally, 15,000 new pages of documents. These documents include significantly more traffic from State Department leadership than in previously provided information to Congress.    These new documents are a reminder that no previous standing committee compiled or had access to a complete record of events, which is precisely why the Speaker constituted a select committee to produce a complete, definitive record for our fellow citizens.    Additionally, as of recent, the CIA made available some of the documents we requested in November. And while it is good to finally receive the new documents, the pace at which this process is moving is not conducive to the committee concluding its work expeditiously.    And, frankly, it should not take a public hearing to make progress on these requests. Our hearings should be about substance, not process. We should be analyzing documents, not waiting for them to appear.    I want to read a quote. ``I can promise you that if you are not getting something you have evidence of or you think you ought to be getting, we will work with you. And I will appoint someone to work directly with you starting tomorrow--with you, Mr. Chairman, to have a review of anything you don't think you have gotten that you are supposed to get. Let's get this done, folks.'' That was Secretary John Kerry, and that was in April of 2013.    So my objective is simple: I want to be able to look the family members of the four murdered Americans in the eye and tell them we found out everything that we could. I want to be able to tell my fellow citizens, including the man from Oregon who sat beside me on the plane yesterday, who used to guard facilities across the world as a Marine, that we made improvements that make women and men who serve us in dangerous places safer. And I want to be able to look my fellow citizens in the eye, regardless of their political ideation, and say, this is what happened, and this is how we can make sure it does not happen again.    So there will be no mystery to my questions today. There will be no trickery and no artifice. I want to know when the agencies are going to comply with the requests made by this committee so we can finish the work assigned to us, because I have zero interest in prolonging the work of this committee. And, by the same token, I have zero interest in producing a product that is incomplete.    So, in conclusion, I want to be as clear as I can possibly be. We intend to access all of the information necessary to do the job the House instructed us to do. And we need to access that information now. Talking to only some of the witnesses will not work, and accessing only some of the documents will not work. If you want all of the truth, then you need all of the information.    And we will do it in a respectful way, worthy of the memory of the four who were murdered and worthy of the respect of our fellow citizens, but it is going to be done. And the sooner the agencies make these documents and witnesses available to us, the sooner we can do what we were asked to do.    And, with that, I would recognize the gentleman from Maryland.    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin, you are recognized for your 5-minute opening statement.    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Higgins.    Chairman Gowdy. The chair will now recognize himself for questions.    Mr. Rubin, have you read the House resolution?    Chairman Gowdy. What is your understanding of what this committee has been asked to do?    Chairman Gowdy. So your understanding is that we have been asked to look at all policies, decisions, and activities that contributed to the attacks?    Chairman Gowdy. That affected our ability to prepare for the attacks?    Chairman Gowdy. Well, you have read it, right? I mean, you have read the resolution, right? You are not disagreeing with my interpretation of the resolution, are you?    Chairman Gowdy. Including executive-branch efforts to identify and bring to justice the perpetrators of these attacks? Did you read that in the resolution?    Chairman Gowdy. I will be thrilled to get you a copy of the resolution.    Chairman Gowdy. For the meantime, you are just going to have to take my word that it also says ``executive-branch efforts to identify and bring to justice the perpetrators of these attacks.'' That is in the resolution.    Can you tell me specifically how our interviewing witnesses is going to jeopardize the prosecution?    Chairman Gowdy. I am asking you. It was in your opening statement. I am asking you. You tell me, a former prosecutor, how our interviewing witnesses that have already been interviewed by the ARB, already been interviewed by the Best Practices Panel, and, frankly, already been interviewed by the State Department--the video that you showed us last week, that agent interviewed the witnesses in preparation for a video.    So if the ARB and the Best Practices Panel and your own agency can interview people in preparation of a training video, how can Congress not interview those witnesses?    Chairman Gowdy. You just said that it would jeopardize an ongoing prosecution, and I just asked you specifically how.    Chairman Gowdy. Specifically who told you that?    Chairman Gowdy. I am looking for a name. Because I have to clear up this misconception that simply talking to a witness who has already talked to three other investigatory bodies, that somehow or another Congress cannot talk to these witnesses, even though apparently everybody else can. I am curious how that jeopardizes an ongoing prosecution.    Chairman Gowdy. Do you believe that Congress has the constitutional authority to provide oversight?    Chairman Gowdy. So you do agree with that. What is your interpretation of the phrase ``all policies, decisions, and activities''?    Chairman Gowdy. In any context. How about contributed to the attacks? What is your understanding of all policies, all decisions, all activities?    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin, do you----    Chairman Gowdy. I want to ask you something. I want to ask you something, okay? Because there are 12 people up here who may not agree on another single, solitary thing, but every one of us agrees that we don't want to do anything to jeopardize the physical security of anybody who works for this government. Nor does anybody on this dais want to do anything to jeopardize an ongoing prosecution. Okay? Can we stipulate that, that nobody wants----    Chairman Gowdy. To do either of those things?    Chairman Gowdy. Will you also stipulate that you can talk to witnesses while preserving their identity and not jeopardizing an ongoing prosecution?    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin----    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin, do you see the Justice Department at this hearing?    Chairman Gowdy. Do you know why they are not at this hearing?    Chairman Gowdy. Because we don't have any issues with them. That is why they are not here. You just cited a reason to deny access to witnesses that even the Justice Department hasn't cited.    So what I want you to do is help this committee gain access to precisely the same witnesses that everyone else, from the ARB, to the Best Practices Panel, to your own agent who compiled a training video, had access to the witnesses.    Chairman Gowdy. Well, and I appreciate that. I appreciate that. But I want to make sure that you and I have a clear understanding with each other.    If six people observed an important event and you were being asked to write a final, definitive accounting of that event, how many of the six would you want to talk to?    Chairman Gowdy. That is not that trick question.    Chairman Gowdy. Well, if you understand the point----    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin, we are going to get to the quantity of documents in a minute. I noticed that you said 40,000. That is an impressive number. That is 40 copies of ``Dr. Zhivago.'' That is 40 copies of ``Crime and Punishment.'' That is a lot of pages.    Forty thousand out of how many? That is our question. How many documents? Is 40,000 half? Is it all? Is it two-thirds?    Chairman Gowdy. I am not asking you to bring any ambassadors back.    Chairman Gowdy. I am not asking you to bring any ambassadors back to search for emails. I am not. Not a single one.    How many employees does the State Department have?    Chairman Gowdy. Seventy thousand?    Chairman Gowdy. All right. And we have asked for emails from seventh-floor principals. Do you think that that is a reasonable request when you have been asked to study all policies, all activities, and all decisions?    Chairman Gowdy. Is it your testimony that we have all of the emails that we have asked for?    Chairman Gowdy. Well, I would say multiple emails. If there are multiple email accounts, we want all of the emails.    Chairman Gowdy. Okay?    Chairman Gowdy. Okay.    Well, you may have noticed my colleague from Maryland used the word ``glacial.'' I find the use of that word interesting when you vote against constituting a committee, when you threaten not to participate in the committee, when you continually threaten to walk away from the committee, when you can't identify a single, solitary person that you would issue a subpoena to, when you are prepared to have an ask-and-answered Web site before you got the 15,000 pages of documents that you just provided, when you expect Members of Congress who are having conversations with people on airplanes to stop the conversation and say, ``Let me go get a Democrat.''    You heard the word ``glacial.'' We are going to pick up the pace. We are going to pick up the pace. I have no interest in prolonging this. None.    Chairman Gowdy. So you are going to have to----    Chairman Gowdy . Pick up the pace with us, okay?    Chairman Gowdy. I appreciate that, Mr. Rubin.    Are you familiar with the subpoena that dates back to 2013 that the Oversight Committee sent with respect to the ARB?    Chairman Gowdy. Okay. ARB is a statutory creation, you agree? Congress created the ARB?    Chairman Gowdy. Do you agree Congress can amend or alter or enhance the ARB? If it is a statute, sure----    Chairman Gowdy . Congress can change it, right? Do you agree Congress should provide oversight over one of its statutory creations?    Chairman Gowdy. How can we do that if you will not give us the documents related to the ARB? How can we possibly do that, Mr. Rubin?    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin, I appreciate--I really do, I really do--I appreciate the word ``many.'' I appreciate the 40,000. I keep coming back to one word that is in the House resolution, and that word is ``all.''    Chairman Gowdy. Do we have all of the documents?    Chairman Gowdy. Mr. Rubin----    Chairman Gowdy . We shouldn't have to pick among priorities. You have 70,000 employees. I mean, what we are not going to do is identify one tranche of emails and then 2 months later go depose or do a witness interview with that witness and then 2 months later get another tranche of emails, when our colleagues on the other side--who, by the way, had no interest in forming this committee whatsoever--are now ironically complaining about the pace of the committee that they had no interest in forming whatsoever.    It is time for us to pick up the pace. And I am looking to you----    Chairman Gowdy. . To help me do that.    Chairman Gowdy. Okay.    Chairman Gowdy. I appreciate that. I don't want any ambassadors, security guards--I don't want anybody taken off of an important job. But compliance with congressional inquiries is important. And if you have time for condom demonstrations or culinary diplomacy, I think you have time to comply with a legitimate request for documents from Congress, and I am sure you agree.    And, with that, I would recognize the gentleman from Maryland.    Chairman Gowdy. The chair will now recognize the gentlelady from Alabama, Ms. Roby.    Chairman Gowdy. The chair will now recognize the lady from California, Ms. Saanchez.    Chairman Gowdy. Without objection.    Chairman Gowdy. And I am happy to reconcile those two, if the gentlelady from California would like me to.    Chairman Gowdy. Very well.    Chairman Gowdy. I thank the gentlelady from California. And I can assure her, I will never give veto power over subpoenas to any entity that thinks no subpoena should ever be issued.    And, with that, I would recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Roskam.    Chairman Gowdy. The chair will go to the gentleman from California, Mr. Schiff.    Chairman Gowdy . The chair would now recognize the gentleman from Kansas, Mr. Pompeo.    Chairman Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Kansas.    Now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Westmoreland.    Chairman Gowdy. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Gowdy. The gentleman from Ohio.    Chairman Gowdy. I thank the gentleman from Ohio.    Mr. Rubin and Mr. Higgins, I think both of you have something in common with every member of the committee, which is a deep and abiding respect for the four people who gave their lives for this country. So I think that you share our desire to do what the House instructed us to do.    And you will note the Department of Justice is not at the table. You made reference, Mr. Rubin, to the Department of Justice. Ms. Saanchez made a reference to the Department of Justice. And I asked her to yield time so I could clarify that, and she is well within her rights not to do so.    The Department of Justice did write us a letter, and we met with them, and we addressed the concerns that they had about protecting the integrity of their prosecution, which I can assure you, given my former line of work, I want them to be wildly successful with their prosecution. So I would never do anything to jeopardize that. We met, we discussed it, we worked out the issues. They are not at the table. That is why they are not at the table.    I don't enjoy these hearings. I would rather have a hearing about substance, not about process. I don't want another hearing like this. But when my colleagues are complaining about the pace--and I have colleagues on this side, which I never thought I would ever hear in my life, say that I am too polite--I never thought I would hear that. I hope my three sisters are watching. We are going to have to ratchet it up, and if the letters don't work, then we are going to have to resort to a more formal legal process, because I want this concluded.    And I will note--I don't think any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have had an opportunity to highlight this point yet, but I am sure that they would agree with me--there has not been a single leak of anything that either of you have provided to us. There has not been a single selective release of information, not one.    So the people on this committee take their responsibility seriously. This is not a political exercise for us. Most of the people who ask me about Benghazi, I could not tell you their political ideation, if they have one. They just want to know what happened. And I intend to tell them, and I intend to tell them sooner rather than later.    So the letters haven't worked, and the southern politeness has not worked. We are going to ratchet it up. Because I need access to the documents and the witnesses, and we need to be able to conclude our work.    With that----    Chairman Gowdy. Certainly.    Chairman Gowdy. Well, that is a great question, Mr. Cummings. And in a perfect world when people ask you for priorities, that is exactly what they want. They want to know what your priorities are, because they intend on complying with all of your requests. They just want to know what are we going to do tomorrow and what are we going to do the next day and what are we going to do the next day. After a year and a half of waiting on compliance with a subpoena, the argument that we need priorities just rings a little bit hollow.    And if I were to tell you--if I were to tell you, I want you to prioritize Mr. Cummings' emails, then someone is going to spin that into that we don't care about the other people's emails, we are just obsessed with the gentleman from Maryland, we don't care about any other witness. So I am not going to fall for that. I am not going to fall for the trick of telling you what is really important. It is all important. That is why the word ``all'' is in the resolution.    So I can't tell you. I can tell you this: if you start producing documents on a regular basis, consistent with our request, nobody is going to complain to you that you are not giving them to us in the order in which we want them.    Chairman Gowdy. Yes.    Chairman Gowdy. And I appreciate the gentleman from Maryland's point. I guess my point would be that this committee did not even become constituted until last May.    So what was the priority between the time Oversight sent you the subpoena on the ARB and this committee even coming into existence? Because God knows it couldn't have been anything we asked for.    So you kind of get my point. I mean, you can't wait a year and a half and say, well, we didn't give it to you because we didn't realize it was a priority.    Chairman Gowdy. I understand that, but it has been how many years now?    Chairman Gowdy. Right. And I realize there are some people, including people within the administration, that think Benghazi happened a long time ago. I can tell you, for the folks that are waiting on answers, including the family members that both of us met with, it might as well have been yesterday. So they want the truth.    And nothing gets better with time. Memories do not improve. Documents get misplaced. Recollections fade. That is why we have a speedy trial clock. It is ironic, the Department of Justice has to try Khattala within a certain period of time for that very reason.    So to ask me to prioritize, when all of it is important, I am not going to fall for that trap, no, siree--okay.    With that, having said that--I want to repeat it again. I have no interest in having another hearing like this. Zero. None.    And I don't think for a second that you are the decisionmaker at the State Department, no offense to you. I don't think you decide which documents to produce and which ones--don't. So what I would like you to do is go back to your department and say, I don't want to go back there.    So let's find a way to be in compliance with the request sooner rather than later so the committee can do its job, and then we can all produce a product that we can take pride in, that answers the questions, and we can all go back to whatever we were doing before the Speaker asked us to do this. Okay? Fair enough?    Chairman Gowdy. All right. Thank you.    With that, we are adjourned.    