    Ms. Aftab. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Members of both the Judiciary Committee and the Subcommittee here.    I don't have a stake in gambling. I have a stake in protecting people online. The last time I testified before this Subcommittee was several years ago on radicalization of the Internet, and that is when I informed you that terrorists were recruiting our teens online from suburban areas where they were bored. I have testified before Congress on cyber-bullying, child sexual exploitation, child pornography, and child privacy. So my stake in this is to make sure that whatever happens, our kids and consumers are safer.    So, I agree there are lots of problems. There are terrorists who are using online gambling, and there is money laundering going on, and there is malicious code that can be downloaded, but that is not happening in New Jersey, Delaware, or Nevada. It is happening currently with all of the offshore gambling sites, or many of the offshore gambling sites that are not covered by our laws, that we have been frustrated in trying to police over the years.    In this case and the reason it is a little different is once you legalize online gambling with an interstate model, you now have partners in trying to shut down the illegal sites. So the providers who are licensed within a state have a stake in making sure that those who are offshore, those who are not subject to regulation, will follow what they need to do.    I have looked long and hard at these issues, and I have surveyed the regulators in Delaware, New Jersey, and Nevada. We had done a white paper when I testified at the last hearing on online gambling, and we looked at best practices around the world. I picked up the phone and I called the top regulators in each of those states and I said are you keeping kids off? Are you having problems? What is your experience? Is the geolocation working properly? And I got very good responses from them. I was, frankly, a little surprised.    It is not perfect. There were three kids who had gotten on to online gambling in Nevada, two during the test period. They had used their parents' account. One had used his older brother's account. It is a little like when we used to send somebody into a liquor store to buy beer when we were underage, and they would come out and nobody broke the law. I think that we are starting to see some of that here.    We have had a lot of fraud over the years. I have had a lot of senior citizens who called me who had gotten into gambling offshore, and everyone was happy to take their money, but they weren't so happy to give it back.    When we talk about terrorists and money laundering, you need to recognize that in the three states that are handling traditional gaming games--and Nevada is just doing poker and the other two are doing other games in connection with online gambling--they are very careful to make sure that you don't get paid your winnings until the right reports are made to the IRS about those winnings.    Now, I don't know a great deal about financing terrorists and money laundering, but I don't think a lot of them want to sign up with the kind of identity controls that are put into these states and then have to file something with the IRS before the money goes back to an account that has already been authenticated.    So I deal with a lot of issues of online crimes and risks against everyone, and it always comes down to verification and authentication. And the different hoops that people have to jump through to prove that they are in the state, that they have a valid bank account that has been approved under all of the Federal laws that have to, under the Know Your Customer rules on making sure that not just the IP address, which is the old-fashioned way of doing things that has been spoofed over the years, but that you can't even log on with a remote technology that lets you get into your computer when you are home because the technology that is used by the providers in these three states will block anything that is using remote access. It will block anything that is a little off, and it is actually incredibly accurate and is becoming more accurate because everyone has a stake in knowing where you are.    You will see that there was a recent article about Four Square and Twitter wanting to know exactly where you are so they can advertise to you. That is the same technology that is being used to find out where you are. So whether you are using your GPS plus an IP and triangulation, whether it is knowing that you have been trying to get in from other places in the past, we have seen very good compliance and really the state-of-the-art issues on authentication and verification of your location and knowing that you are who you are.    Is it bullet-proof? No. But I think that the lotteries will be able to learn a great deal from the providers that come from more of the commercial gaming, and I think that their best practices will improve.    Thank you.    Ms. Aftab. I oppose the RAWA. I think that it just puts kids back into the crosshairs of the risks that we are facing in gambling.    Ms. Aftab. I think that the Federal role in being able to set up standards and enforce those standards so that geolocation is actually working so it is not moving across the borders is very important.    Ms. Aftab. And I see the difference between sports betting but not poker and lottery. Sports betting has always been handled under the Wire Act. It is addressed. But I think that lotteries and poker and online slot machines are all in the same class.    Ms. Aftab. I think it is like poker.    Ms. Aftab. I will tell you what all my cards are and I will win if you believe me.    Ms. Aftab. Well, I think that lotteries--I have been in states that allow it and----    Ms. Aftab. Yes, and I don't think there is a difference between casino games only because Congress has already acted under the Wire Act in connection with the wire and the kinds of things we are seeing with racketeering. We are talking about licensed gambling providers here under certain regulation, and I think it is different.    Ms. Aftab. As long as it is within the state borders, and you can keep it within the state borders.    Ms. Aftab. And keep kids off.    Ms. Aftab. Thank you very much, Ranking Member. I was a member of the Internet Safety Technology Task Force. It was from the Harvard Berkman Center, and we were charged by the Attorneys General to look at age verification and kids online, and it was basically to see how we could tell how old somebody was for the privacy laws that were put in place and inappropriate content.    What we recognized was you can never identify a kid, but you can identify an adult. So these technologies require that you have bank accounts. They require that you show government-issued identification. They look at these. They go through databases. A lot of them are using IDology, which is being used by a lot of the big companies out there and has been providing information to the FTC and advice to the FTC over the years.    So what you have to do is prove that you are an adult and prove that you are who you are, and prove that you live where you are, and all of the databases out there that are collecting information about us have to agree. If anything doesn't agree, you are kicked out. If they find that you are using technology on your computer that allows you to get to it remote, you are kicked out. If they find that there is any question about what is going on, you are kicked out.    Ms. Aftab. They are already using it, and it is actually very good.    Ms. Aftab. They are not doing anything. They don't want to keep kids out. Kids have a lot of money.    Ms. Aftab. It doesn't carry force of law, but the Federal courts have ruled in the same way that sporting events and contests should be read together. So, although it doesn't, some Federal courts have taken the position that it does.    Ms. Aftab. I do.    Ms. Aftab. I do. The providers in the three states that we are looking at prohibit any VPN. If there is a sign that one is being used on your computer----    Ms. Aftab. The VPN police are the providers who are doing the geolocation.    Ms. Aftab. Now, I can't talk for the lotteries, and I looked for the others, and there is always an exception to things, but this technology is getting a lot better. So that 16-year-old won't be able to spoof them, and they won't be able to do the rest as long as everyone is doing the best that they are doing now, which I have seen.    There may be an exception. There is always an exception. I told you we used to send people in to buy beer for us. But I think that what we will have is better than what exists now, which is nothing that will stop them from gambling off the Caribbean sites and the rest in Utah and in every place else.    Ms. Aftab. I think the simple answer is, as written, your lottery goes offline.    Ms. Aftab. There are multiple steps that are brought in to make sure that you are dealing with an adult, not that it is a child but that it is an adult. So they go through age verification, they look at government I.D.s, they look at public records, they look at private records, and they make sure all along that everything matches and that you are who you say you are, and when you say you are living at some place, you really are at that place.    There is nothing at all that is happening with most of the rogue operators outside of the United States. They are not paying on bets. They don't care who you are. Kids have a lot of babysitting money and birthday money and Christmas money, and they are using it to gamble, and they are not getting their money back. I have gotten phone calls and people who have reached out to us over the years, and there is nothing I can do.    If we can have licensed providers, they will help police it because they paid a lot of money for the ability to do so within the state. They will help identify the outliers and law enforcement will be able to do something about it. Not all. It is the Internet, after all. But if you give them things that are safe, private, and keep the kids off in fair games, and they don't have malicious code, people would prefer to be there than in the rogue sites offline.    Ms. Aftab. My opinion, if you outlaw the legal means of doing this, then the only means out there are the criminal sites and the criminal operations. So they will go underground, they will go offshore. The more you put in to try to regulate what they are doing here without giving them an avenue, the more likely it is that you are going to be dealing with more racketeering and criminal elements. We have seen it, we are going to see more of it, and these days criminals don't just fall into the type they used to have in Texas when you used to wear your six shooters. Now we are seeing a lot that are terrorist activities and raising money, and I think that it is a great deal of money that can be made and that is being gambled by people in the United States, and we have an obligation to our consumers and to our children to ensure that we are managing what is happening with them and we don't leave them to, willy nilly, people who don't care about them at all.    Ms. Aftab. I am not, and I would love to see what it is. I am not surprised that they are opposed to the legislation in some areas. It is a very complicated argument. If anyone ever said the Internet safety charity that has been protecting people for 20 years is now coming out and saying please legalize online gambling, my mother would put me out in the woodshed somewhere. But it is bringing together a lot of strange bedfellows, and we need to recognize in the end national security, our kids, money, all of the things that we need to do can only be done if we take control. Giving up control to the rest of the world is not what Americans do.