    Mr. Herderick. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Vice Chairman Lance, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the committee, it is a privilege to share GE's thoughts on 3D printing, which represents the larger digital industrial revolution happening in the U.S. and globally.    Today, a designer can create a computer-aided design model of a part and digitally transmit it to a 3D printer to be directly manufactured. Increasingly, new designs and processes like this are being connected and managed through a digital thread where the freedom of design and manufacturing seemingly has no limits. One of GE's engineering leaders appropriately captured it when she said: Complexity is free.    My name is Dr. Ed Herderick, and I am the additive technologies leader for GE helping to spread the application of additive technology across GE's industrial portfolio. This portfolio spans across industries that build, move, power, transport, and cure the world, from jet engines and power-generation machines, to locomotives, medical imaging systems, and more.    The emergence of 3D printing and additive technologies in industry has been both sudden and disruptive. Recently, Boeing and Airbus conducted the first flight tests for their 737 MAX airplane and A320neo single-aisle jets with GE LEAP engines.    LEAP is the world's first jet engine to include 3D-printed fuel nozzles, one of which I have here on the table, which as the engine's fuel injector, mixing fuel and air in precise ways to achieve maximum fuel efficiency and lower emissions. Using metal printing, the fuel nozzles are more fuel efficient, lighter weight, and more durable compared to those made with conventional technologies.    The production of 3D-printed metal parts in jet engines would have been almost unheard of even a decade ago. Today, we are asking what else can be printed in the engine to drive performance even higher. As it is, GE Aviation will be producing 35,000 printed fuel nozzles per year at the world's first mass additive production facility in Auburn, Alabama. By 2020, we will have produced more than 100,000 metal-printed fuel nozzles.    This success of industrial implementation of additive technology in the aerospace industry is paving the way for broader applications in other industries. GE's use of additive technologies in aviation is only the tipping point of an exciting transformation underway across our 400-plus factories. By 2025, we expect additive manufacturing methods will be used in the design and manufacture of more than 20 percent of GE's new product concepts.    Our efforts in additive are part of a much broader initiative to build a digital thread through manufacturing that transforms our factories into ``Brilliant Factories.'' It is through this digital thread where additive technologies can truly emerge and realize their full potential for industries of all kinds.    In many ways, the excitement and emphasis on additive manufacturing of metals and industrial materials is the product of a more than 20-year research odyssey. As early as 1993, researchers at GE Global Research demonstrated the feasibility for binderless sintering of metal powders.    It is interesting to note the development and material advancement between then and now. In 1993, the laser used had only 7.5 watts of power, a scanning speed of 2 millimeters per second, and produced parts that were 30 percent dense. Today, we are using lasers with 200 to 1,000 watts of power, scanning speeds of 1,000 millimeters per second, and produce parts that are greater than 99.9 percent dense straight out of the box.    Further, when implemented with care, the performance of additively produced metal parts today meets and even exceeds that of standard casting techniques, and this is a critical point. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of understanding the physical metallurgy in order to produce this high-quality repeatable performance as the materials' properties are determined during the printing process.    Manufacturers have had centuries to understand the physical properties of materials that have been traditionally milled or machined into the desired shape. With additive, and metals in particular, we have been working for 20 years. Fortunately, GE, through its Global Research Center, is home to some of the world's foremost experts in materials and additive techniques to help us make these evaluations.    I would like to highlight a particular example where GE printed a miniaturized version of a steam turbine rotor to test a new idea GE researchers have for reducing the cost of water desalination. The rotor, roughly 6 inches long, is being used to demonstrate cost-effective water and salt separation. In that case, metal printing empowered the team to design something that could not be made in any other way and has the potential to dramatically improve the energy efficiency for this critical water desalinization process.    In order to accelerate new applications like this one, GE has built a new facility in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, dedicated solely to 3D printing called the Center for Additive Technology Advancement. And that was an ARPA--E program and partnership.    So I would like to highlight some of our work and the critical importance of building a robust ecosystem in additive technologies across the U.S. We are proud to be a partner of and applaud the America Makes National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute in Youngstown, Ohio, which has been a leader in building this ecosystem of manufacturers, machine makers, and other key stakeholders in the additive supply chain. As we go forward, GE will continue to look for ways to strengthen the additive ecosystem here in the U.S.    In closing, additive manufacturing is a transformative technology that is opening up new frontiers and is an important tool in realizing GE's ``Brilliant Factory'' vision. It is and will have far-reaching impacts that accelerate the introduction of new high-performance products that will support global infrastructure for years to come.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Herderick. It is. Yes, so it has been a many-year journey. And I think what GE brings to this is our knowledge of commercializing other advanced technologies, like advanced casting techniques, welding techniques, and the like. And so we use the same process methodology of really fundamentally understanding the science at our research center, as I mentioned, and then working closely with our partners to really understand how these products perform in the field.    Dr. Herderick. Well, it is advanced metal powder that looks like metal flour, so I suppose you could paraphrase to call it pixie dust, but it is very highly engineered pixie dust.    Dr. Herderick. Actually, if I may add to that.    Dr. Herderick. Just briefly.    Dr. Herderick. I think you made some great points. And I think what is really exciting about 3D printing is it is just such a transformational educational technology for getting people into manufacturing, and it has really just gotten into the public consciousness.    And I was actually with a GE Volunteers group in the Bronx. We did an outreach, young entrepreneurs workshop with some students, middle school and junior high school students. And what was amazing was half the students, they were coming up with ideas to 3D print different consumer parts for iPods and things. And when we go out and do these GE Volunteers outreach activities, I am doing things like taking fuel nozzles, taking manufactured components, we take 3D printers into schools in different workshops and things.    It is this tool to get people hands-on with manufacturing in a way that we couldn't do with casting or welding. So it is really a gateway to get them into these great entrepreneurial fields and these great careers. It just gets me really, really excited.    Dr. Herderick. I mean, so our materials testing database that we build up before we take it to the FAA, I mean, it is many hundreds, even thousands of pages. I mean, it represents over a 10-year journey from initial concept. I mean, it was a single engineer, she had an idea in our combustors group for the fuel nozzle looking at machines, and then, of course, it became a cast of many hundreds. And so it was a pretty serious book of knowledge that we took to the FAA, as you might imagine.    Dr. Herderick. So it all starts with understanding the fundamentals of the process and demonstrating what we would call a stable process. So demonstrating over many, many thousands of cycles. It is not just building one and going out and testing it. It is many years of effort and building many thousands of fuel nozzles and demonstrating that every one is the same coming out of the machine process.    We do post-treatments to heal any defects that come out of the machining process. And then we actually x ray the parts before they go out into service. So each part, we have a 3D image of the part before it goes onto any engine.    Dr. Herderick. It did.    Dr. Herderick. Yes, it is a great question. So I will talk about the metals technology. So I think a lot of people look at these metal printing technologies and think maybe this could replace casting or replace forging. In reality what we are using it for is to create more valuable, higher performance products during the design phase that then transition to castings and forgings. So really what it is doing is opening up some highly value-added applications, which really truly fit with American manufacturing, high value, complex shapes and parts that we wouldn't be able to design without having the metal prototyping processes during our testing phase.    Dr. Herderick. Well, I think the biggest cost is time to market, so being able to get to market much, much more quickly, and reducing the cost of different iterations of product lines. That is really where we are seeing the biggest benefit: getting to market faster with higher performance products.