    Mr. Takai. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Admiral Harris, General Scaparrotti, for being here.    Admiral Harris, again, regarding the Aegis Ashore facility--or the hope for a facility--North Korea's nuclear test in January underscores the concern that we have, that North Korea may develop the ability to place a bomb on a long-range ballistic missile that could reach the U.S. West Coast. I referred to public comments you made that converting the Aegis missile defense test site in Hawaii into a combat-ready facility is a good idea to help protect the U.S. mainland.    Since we have assets on Kauai, why not use them? How would this permanent land version add to U.S. defense needs? And what would it take to integrate the site into a larger U.S. ballistic missile defense system?    Mr. Takai. Thank you.    Actually, just a few days ago, China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman compared the United States military infrastructure in Hawaii to China's land reclamation and strategic placement of missiles on disputed territory in the South China Seas. Can you just tell us your perspective on whether Hawaii should be and could be compared to the disputed territory in the South China Seas?    Mr. Takai. I agree.    In regards to the status of the rebalance, if U.S. defense spending remains limited to the cap set forth in the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended, the so-called sequester levels, how might this impact the plans for bolstering U.S. force posture and presence in the Asia-Pacific region? And what might be the implications of maintaining deterrence and for operational risk in a potential combat situation?    Mr. Takai. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Byrne.    Mr. Takai. Building Partner Capacity: What is the United States doing to build up the naval power and MLE capabilities of Southeast Asian countries? Please provide specific examples.    Mr. Takai. Please describe the strategic and military/operational implications of China's deployment of surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) on Woody Island, in the disputed Paracel Island group. Do you expect similar deployments of SAMs, anti-ship cruise missiles, or other similar equipment to disputed islands in the Spratlys? What would be the strategic and military/operational implications of such deployments for the United States? What is your assessment of the potential military and law-enforcement utility of these newly expanded sites, both for China's asserting and defending its territorial claims in the South China Sea, and in potential conflict scenarios against U.S. forces?    Mr. Takai. What is your assessment of China's ability to use hybrid warfare tactics to gain control of small islands that are administered by another country? How might a hybrid warfare approach by China in the East China Sea and South China Sea create problems for the United States and its allies? What should the United States and its allies do to deter a hybrid warfare approach by China and to improve the options for responding in a contingency?    Mr. Takai. Building Partner Capacity: What is the United States doing to build up the naval power and MLE capabilities of Southeast Asian countries? Please provide specific examples.    General Scaparrotti. I believe this question would best be answered by the Commander of Pacific Command and would respectfully defer to Admiral Harris's views on this matter.    Mr. Takai. What is your assessment of China's ability to use hybrid warfare tactics to gain control of small islands that are administered by another country? How might a hybrid warfare approach by China in the East China Sea and South China Sea create problems for the United States and its allies? What should the United States and its allies do to deter a hybrid warfare approach by China and to improve the options for responding in a contingency?    General Scaparrotti. ______                                 