    Mr. Badran. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you, Ranking Member Deutch and for the members of the committee for allowing me to testify today.    I'm going to just briefly talk about, as Matt has talked about, Hezbollah's global operations. I want to talk specifically more about how that relates to their position in Lebanon and Syria specifically.    On the one hand, the Syrian uprising 5 years ago posed a significant challenge to Iran and Hezbollah by--as you noted, by threatening to sever their bridge to Lebanon and thereby denying Hezbollah their strategic depth as well as their logistical pipeline.    Unfortunately, 5 years on the trend is moving in the opposite direction. Hezbollah and Iran have secured their core interests in Syria, albeit at significant cost.    They have managed to secure contiguity between Lebanon and the regime-controlled areas in western Syria, thereby securing the ability to continue to move weapons from Damascus to Lebanon.    A key partner in this effort has been the Lebanese Armed Forces. In fact, one of the interesting things to note and troubling things to note over the past 5 years has been the growing partnership between Hezbollah and the LAF, which has allowed Hezbollah to protect its domestic flank when it was facing some backlash for its involvement in Syria.    The partnership between Hezbollah and the LAF, however, is not the only point of Hezbollah control and domination of the Lebanese state.    It has placed its members or sympathizers in key government positions which like, for instance, the Lebanese customs office as well as its financial auditor which allows it all this activity that we're hearing about globally to be processed domestically with little oversight or backlash.    In fact, Lebanon has become a critical hub in Hezbollah's criminal activities. Hezbollah has made Lebanon complicit both financially and economically as well as militarily because of all the weapons that it's moving from Syria that it's getting from Iran and is storing the majority of it in civilian areas.    Hezbollah has essentially painted a big target on the back of all of Lebanon and this is, unfortunately, has not been countered by U.S. policy over the last 5 years.    What this threatens to do is to--in addition to all these strategic weapons that are being moved to Lebanon as well as the Hezbollah's entrenchment in Syria and its expansion into the Golan along with the IRGC and the building of new infrastructure on Syrian soil, it creates a situation for Israel that will, I think, accelerate an upcoming future conflict which, as the IDF has been saying to anybody who will listen for the last few years, is going to be far bloodier than anything that we've ever seen on both sides.    You talked about the 4,000 rockets that they launched in the previous war. Now they have the capacity to launch anywhere between 1,000 to 1,500 a day.    So the IDF is very clear that there's going to be a lot of dead civilians both in Israel but also in Lebanon. The problem also has been that Hezbollah has gained operational expertise in Syria, working alongside the Russian military in combined weapons operations and in different urban and rural settings. So it's actually be able to offset its losses with this experience.    All of this creates a situation on the border of Israel in the northern border that now combines the Syrian front as well as the Lebanese front and soon to be not just swimming in Iranian cash but also potentially soon with an Iranian nuclear umbrella. This creates an unacceptable position for Israel.    But it's not only Israel's security that has been challenged by this development. It's also the Arab states and we've seen the Saudis leading the charge in this regard in designating Hezbollah but also in pulling the $3 billion aid that they gave to the Lebanese Armed Forces, citing the fact that the Lebanese Armed Forces have become an ``auxiliary'' of Hezbollah and I think this is an accurate assessment.    And although the--there's a tendency on the part of the administration at least to kind of pressure the Saudis to go back on that decision, I think actually we should stop and take and pause and reassess what exactly U.S. materiel support to the LAF and intelligence sharing--how that can actually go to sustain and help Hezbollah entrench its grip on Lebanon.    In addition, we should not--because of--the nature of Hezbollah's control over Lebanon--think about it in the way that the IRGC is in Iran. It's tentacles are everywhere in the economy and security apparatus.    So when pushing for the implementation of H.R. 2297, I think we should be very, very clear about not being taken hostage by the prospect that this is going to somehow collapse Lebanon's economy or the assistance to the LAF is going to collapse Lebanon's security, we have to also be cognizant of the fact that any nook and cranny and any safe haven that's provided in the Lebanese system ultimately is going to benefit Hezbollah because of its dominant position in the state, both in the security sector as well as in the economic sector.    So I'll stop right here and I'll be happy to flesh this out in the conversation.    Mr. Badran. I would just add just a couple of points. First, more broadly, we have to understand--I mean, it's hard to say this but we have to understand that there is a big level of complicity, unfortunately, with Hezbollah's criminal acts.    So corruption is widespread and it has affected every corner of the Lebanese economy down to the micro level. Think of Florida with the cartels, right, and the drug money that went through. It corrupts and it infiltrates segments--banks and other parts of the economy.    It's a similar situation, unfortunately, and they have key positions and they're very keen on guarding these key positions that enable them to do this in the government. I mentioned the customs office, financial auditor, general security, et cetera, et cetera.    So dealing with Lebanon as though there's a separation between Lebanon and Hezbollah becomes increasingly difficult. So we cannot have kid gloves sort of when we're dealing with this situation.    The Lebanese have to be placed--you know, facing a tough choice or else this is going to continue indefinitely. With the LAF, similar things. Why--the Saudi recognition that ultimately the LAF is acting as an auxiliary as opposed to sort of a challenge to Hezbollah has made them reach the conclusion we cannot continue to fund this uncritically. There has to be an assessment as to how to separate operationally Hezbollah from the LAF and also to put the LAF in front of its own responsibilities in safeguarding the United Nations' Security Council Resolution 1701 or simply in the way it's rounding up Sunni young men and just putting them in jail and exacerbating tensions in the country when they're supposed to be a national institution.    So just a couple of thoughts. I think that an assessment is certainly due in this case.    Mr. Badran. I mentioned earlier the Israeli concern regarding Hezbollah operational experience by working side to side with the Russians in Syrian.    Because they have gained experience in combined arms operations and working with new weapons systems that the Russians introduced to the Syrian theater Russian trainers that are working with the Syrian military and Hezbollah sitting there and watching they have also with the Iranians started a joint operations room in Iraq last year to exchange intelligence.    So we hear about the Russian communication with the Israelis on one hand to deconflict in Syria but there's also a parallel sort of relationship that the Russians are maintaining with the Iranians who are really the ground troops of the Russian air force in Syria.    So the Russians, you know, when they're providing close air support in Aleppo it's--none of the IRGC and Hezbollah were on the ground checking around.    Now, if this situation transfers--the fear was that this situation would transfer to the south of Syria in the Golan. Now, thankfully, it hasn't happened yet. Maybe it will not happen. Maybe the Russians will balance out their relationship with the Israelis and that with the Iranians.    But nevertheless it's a risk that should the Russians say we are going to combat terrorist groups in southern Syria near Jordan, near Israel, who are going to be the ground troops for such an operation? It's going to be the IRGC and Hezbollah.    So, clearly, the coast is not yet clear for Israel. For now, the Russian announcement that they're going to kind of freeze their operations for a while or reorient them elsewhere it doesn't seem to include the south of Syria yet. But it's by no means, I don't think, sort of gone--should be stricken out of our calculation that something like that is going to happen in the future.    Mr. Badran. I remain a little--I mean, Matt has expressed more optimism and I hope--and he would know, certainly, better than me on this--I hope it actually goes in this direction.    But one of the things, for instance, let's take what the GCC has done, right, and let's actually help them enforce it and provide also reassurances for these very vulnerable nations that the United States will stand with them as they push against any Iranian and Hezbollah retaliation.    But one of the things, for instance, that they're looking to do and that could be transferred into the European context just as easily because it's not just front organizations that are involved here.    The Saudis leaked, when they made their decision--the Saudis leaked through the Lebanese media that one of the things they might consider is actually going after not just Shi'ite businessmen that may have ties to Hezbollah's financial operations but also Christian businessmen who have interests in the Gulf states and those are a lot and they're big interests, including--they even went so far as to leak that this includes sitting ministers in the Lebanese cabinet, okay--that they're willing to go that far I think they waved it as a threat.    We should encourage them to follow through on all of this because there's a huge amount, especially in the United Arab Emirates, of financial interests for people who are on the face of it legitimate businessmen, both Shi'ite and Christian and Sunni even. In Kuwait especially there are Sunni Kuwaiti businessmen especially with tremendous ties to Hezbollah's financial empire.    This is an opportunity to take to squeeze and then to transfer the same template to the Europeans if they're willing to go along with it.    Mr. Badran. So Matt covered the issue of the long range rockets that they've upgraded them--they're now precision guided. They're no longer dumb rockets. Now they can hit strategic installations.    They've added also the Russian-made anti-ship--the cruise missile. Now, those are very, very dangerous. They can hit strategic installations offshore, installation gas rigs, et cetera.    So the Israelis have now taken this in such that it's part of their doctrine, that they're emphasizing defense of the interior, which is a departure from what it used to be in the past. It used to be much more offensive minded.    Now they take into consideration that the population is going to have to suffer and there's going to be prioritization as to what has to be guarded by the Iron Dome missile defense system because of the high density of the weapons--of the rockets that Hezbollah can fire on a daily basis, basically about 1,000 a day.    Now, not all of these are long range--okay, a lot of them are actually the shorter range. But there's 1 million other issues now.    All of this stuff that they're learning in Syria is going to be translated kinetically in the next war in maybe offensive operations into the Galilee because now they're on the Golan Heights, not just in Lebanon.    So you ask what would trigger such a war. See, this is where the failure of U.S. policy in Syria becomes something about much more than just Syria.    The Israelis are now warning that any solution to the Syrian crisis cannot leave Iran in a position of dominance in Syria and in a position on the Golan Heights.    Unfortunately, the United States--the U.S. President has said that any solution in Syria has to take into consideration respecting Iranian equities in Syria. So you can see where now our policy in Syria and Israel's position in Syria are directly at odds.    Any position, any movement in the Golan, any movement of rockets or strategic weapons across the border into Lebanon has the potential for triggering such a conflict and the more they entrench themselves in Syria the shorter this time period becomes of when Israel--of how long Israel can tolerate this buildup before having to take action.    So the situation in Syria, I think, is critical to the security. Of course, I mean, it affects Turkey, it affects Jordan just the same, but very critical as far as Israeli security is concerned.