    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here.    I will start with ISIS. I think it is important that we define different participants in this war with ISIS. I think it is important that we define who the enemy is, whether it is ISIS or IS or ISIL or Daesh, as it is now being called. I define them as radical Islamic terrorists. I want to know what you define them as.    The second question is, we need to define who the victims are that these folks are killing. The victims have been people who, in the name of free press, criticize them, Jews, Christians, and other Muslims who don't agree with their idea of Islam.    And the third is we need to define why they do this. What is the cause of this reign of terror throughout the world? My opinion is they do this in the name of their radical Islamic religious beliefs.    And then the plan. What is the plan? We don't have time for you and I to discuss what the plan is to defeat them.    So how would you define the enemy? Would you define them as Islamic radical terrorists?    Mr. Poe. Okay.    Mr. Poe. So some of them are.    Mr. Poe. Who are the victims?    Mr. Poe. I am sorry. I want to get an answer to all three questions.    Mr. Poe. So define the third question----    Mr. Poe. Answer the third question.    Mr. Poe. Reclaiming my time. I had another question on a different issue. Twitter. Under Federal law, it is against the law to aid or assist or provide services to a foreign terrorist organization, as you know. Foreign terrorist organization--ISIL, ISIS--uses Twitter to recruit, to raise money, and to spread its hate propaganda throughout the world. And myself and others have asked Twitter to pull down these sites because they are a foreign terrorist organization that is being allowed to do this. Twitter pulls down pornography sites, child pornography sites, without a problem.    My question to you, Secretary Kerry, 4 years ago, the White House said they were going to come up with a plan to deal with this issue. I have seen no plan yet--2011--but be that as it may, what is your position, the State Department's position, on Twitter allowing foreign terrorist organizations to use an American company to recruit, to raise money, and to spread their propaganda? We would have never allowed New York Times to take out an ad for the Nazis to recruit during World War II.    Mr. Poe. Can I get an answer, Mr. Chairman?