    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    All right. The directive goes out to stop destroying the tapes, or erasing the tapes in May of 2013. Yet, we know that they are still being erased in 2014. And yet, what I'm trying to wrap my mind around is the fact that you've said you found no reason to believe that there was any intentional criminal or obstructive behavior.    So why in the world were the orders from May of 2013 not followed?    Mr. Hice. All right. Let's go on from here. I get your point.    Were there ever any orders to reinstate the destruction of tapes?    Mr. Hice. All right. So there was a clear directive to stop destroying the tapes. There was never orders to begin destroying tapes again. How in the world can your investigation determine that there was no criminal activity?    Mr. Hice. All right. Let's go beyond the lower-grade employees.    Mr. Hice. If there was no willful intent with them, that would have to mean that they were not fully aware of what the orders were. You stated earlier that the managers of the IRS clearly were responsible. They were responsible to know the orders. They were responsible to know the orders. They were responsible to pass those orders down. So have you determined from that that there could potentially be any criminal activity among the managers or anyone above the lower grade?    Mr. Hice. Mr. Camus, you yourself, just a few moments ago before the break, said that this is an unbelievable set of circumstances that led to the destruction of these tapes. And I have to agree with you. It's unbelievable. The truth is not being told here. The directive could not be more clear than what it was. And yet, tapes were still, nonetheless, destroyed. So the truth is not being told. Why is there not some sort of criminal investigation underway?    Mr. Hice. Just based upon what they said. So that what they said under oath was, we didn't mean to do this. But all the circumstances, even in your own words, it's unbelievable.    Mr. Hice. What they are saying is unbelievable. It's unbelievable to us. The truth is not being told. And in your own words, what you have been told is unbelievable. If it's not believable, that means it's not the truth. And at some point, we've got to get to the bottom of this because the truth is not being told. And we and the American people are sick and tired of being snookered, of being taken by our government, and I believe it's time that your investigation steps it up.    Did you interview Kate Duval?    Mr. Hice. Okay. When was she informed that the tapes had potential emails of interest from Lois Lerner?    Mr. Hice. Did she take any action to stop the destruction of tapes?    Mr. Hice. But she knew that the emails of interest were there?    Mr. Hice. You just said she should have, that she did know.    Was she reprimanded in any way?    Mr. Hice. Do you know if--you said a moment ago that she is no longer with the IRS. Do you have any idea if she stepped down from her position willfully, or if she was pressured in any way or if she was potentially running from criminal charges herself?    Mr. Hice. On her own?    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.