    Mr. Bozzella. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today.    I am John Bozzella, CEO and President of the Association of Global Automakers. As the ranking member has mentioned, the very troubling facts that have come to light involving Volkswagen will likely have significant implications for the industry. And I look forward to working with the subcommittee and discussing these issues as we move on.    I have been asked for our perspective on two bills, the Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act and the Improving Recall Tracking Act. In 2012, Congress included strong whistleblower provisions in MAP-21. We agree that whistleblower protection is a valuable tool for ensuring that safety concerns will be promptly identified, investigated, and remedied. The bill before the subcommittee builds on this law. Whistleblower protections have been incorporated into the safety practices of our members because they recognize that the manufacturer and its employees are the first line of defense in identifying and remedying safety concerns. Our member companies have instituted internal controls that empower employees to communicate with their employer about any problem they observe that could impair product quality or safety. For example, manufacturers train their employees specifically on product defect and safety issues and have dedicated safety officers who are responsible for following up on concerns raised by employees.    In addition, manufacturers have established hotlines that empower employees to communicate potential problems. Such systems allow the company to take appropriate remedial steps, in many cases before the affected vehicles leave the factory. But no system is foolproof. We recognize that whistleblower statutes can play an important role in improving motor vehicle safety.    The implementing regulations should give companies every reason and incentive to be informed of the problems promptly so that they can investigate the issues and make any repairs that are needed. While it is important for whistleblowers to be able to report safety issues directly to NHTSA, the process should ensure that employees are not incentivized to shortcut or circumvent internal systems that would result in quicker problem resolution. Our shared goal is to address defects, find remedies, and take care of the customer as quickly as possible. This is why the manufacturer needs to be a critical part of the process from the beginning.    The second bill before the subcommittee would establish a national VIN database using registration data collected by State DMV offices. We agree DMVs could help improve recall completion rates. This bill would allow manufacturers access to the most up to date information from the DMVs, which they could use to more effectively communicate recall notices to vehicle owners. In addition, DMVs could be encouraged to notify everyone who registers a motor vehicle about the recall status of their vehicle.    This bill also directs NHTSA to enable batch searching and processing of VINs on its SaferCar.gov Web site. We are aware that the current NHTSA system has limitations. But it is our understanding that some vendors have developed tools that enable batch processing. We believe the subcommittee should ensure that the processes created by this bill are not unnecessarily duplicative.    Increasing recall completion rates is a priority for Global Automakers. That is why we are conducting research along with the Auto Alliance to help understand what drives consumers to respond to recall campaigns. We look forward to briefing the subcommittee on the research findings soon.    Thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today. And I would be happy to answer any questions that you might have.    Mr. Bozzella. Yes, it is.    Mr. Bozzella. No. No. You are exactly right. And I think the key there is not only to create that environment but to continue to enhance and develop it through more training, hotlines, both internal and third-party hotlines, the kinds of things that I think you are hearing our members' companies are doing. I think it is critical.    Mr. Bozzella. Ranking Member Pallone, thank you very much. As I mentioned a few minutes ago in my testimony, the very troubling facts that have come to light involving Volkswagen will likely have significant implications for the industry. So I do look forward to working with you and the committee discussing these issues as we go forward.