    Mr. Hudson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for being here with us today. I want to follow up on the line of questioning from my colleague, Mr. Mullin, talking about--and I was pleased to hear you talk about the importance of the cooperation with states, but my question is if states are so vital to PHMSA's pipeline safety program, why did PHMSA announce that it intended to rescind existing state-interstate agreements and disallow additional states to become interstate agents?    Mr. Hudson. So this announcement of the intention of rescinding existing state-interstate agreements is only focused on states where there is a problem? Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Hudson. OK, well, let me switch gears and talk about gathering lines for a second. Section 21 of the 2011 law directed PHMSA to review and report to Congress on existing federal and state regulations for all gathering lines. With this report, which was submitted more than a year late, PHMSA stated that it is considering the need to propose additional regulations to ensure the safety of natural gas and hazardous liquid gathering lines.    Is PHMSA reviewing the need to propose changes to existing exemptions from federal regulation for gathering lines? If so, when will this review conclude?    Mr. Hudson. OK. And when do you expect that to conclude?    Mr. Hudson. Thank you. Switching gears one more time here before I run out of time, the issue of Maximum Allowable Operating Pressure. Section 23 of the 2011 law directed PHMSA to require each pipeline owner or operator to verify that the records accurately reflect the physical and operational characteristics of the pipeline and to confirm the established Maximum Allowable Operating Pressure of the pipelines. Inadequate records for older pipelines have been a long-standing concern. The statutory deadline was July 3, 2013. When can we expect PHMSA to finalize the regulation addressing this issue?    Mr. Hudson. So that addresses the issue with the older pipelines where we had insufficient records?    Mr. Hudson. OK. Thank you for that. I am about out of time, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.