    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Neugebauer and Ranking Member Clay, for holding this hearing.    And thank you to those distinguished panel members for your appearance and testimony here today.    Small businesses and Main Street are the lifeblood of our economy. We should be doing everything we can to ensure that Main Street America is able to prosper.    Sadly, however, this Congress is going down a path fundamentally hurtful to Main Street. While this committee examines legislative proposals aimed at helping Main Street, the House today considers H.R. 692, the Pay China First Act. This H.R. 692 is nothing but default by another name. Moreover, adding insult to injury, H.R. 692 mandates that we pay foreigners instead of American servicemembers and veterans.    Rather than acting responsibly, this Congress prefers to play Russian roulette with our economy and the lives of millions of Americans. Raising the debt ceiling does not increase the deficit nor authorize new spending. It merely pays the bills this Congress has already authorized. Raising the debt ceiling is the only responsible thing to do, in my opinion.    My first question goes to Paul Kupiec. H.R. 2209 would consider muni bonds that are liquid and readily marketable, as well as investment grade to be treated as Level 2A liquid assets. The banking regulators appear to have been unable to fairly or effectively differentiate between municipal securities.    So by skirting the regulatory process, is Congress essentially picking winners and losers between financial asset holdings for banks and financial institutions?    Mr. Hinojosa. Let me ask you then, of the more than 90,000 municipal insurers--that includes States, cities, schools, and hospitals--which municipalities do you think would qualify as liquid, readily marketable, and investment grade? Give me a few examples.    Mr. Hinojosa. Those in small communities like mine and that of the former speaker, I think that we are very concerned that the small ones would be hurt.    Let me ask you this last point. NCUA, did they voluntarily between 2001 and 2009 lead to a substantial reduction in the NCUA budget during that period and leave the agency insufficiently resourced to respond to the credit union failures during that 2008 financial crisis?    Mr. Hinojosa. Mr. Oliver Ireland, the TAILOR Act would require the Federal regulators to engage in additional--is my time up? I yield back.