    Mr. Lewis. 122.    Mr. Lewis. Thank you, ma'am.    Madam Chairwoman, Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Speier, distinguished members of the subcommittee and committee, and former colleagues on your dedicated staff. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on past and prospective transfers from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from the Department of State, Charlie Trumbull.    I understand the members of the subcommittee will be participating in an oversight visit to the detention facility later this month, and I hope to join you on that visit. When you visit Guantanamo Bay you will see dedicated and professional service members who perform superbly under challenging and difficult conditions.    I would like to briefly summarize my written statement. On January 22, 2009, President Obama signed Executive Order 13492, which ordered the closure of the detention facilities at GTMO. Pursuant to this order, a special task force, the ``EOTF task force,'' was established to comprehensively review information in the possession of the U.S. Government about the detainees and to assess appropriate disposition options.    Since then, pursuant to another Executive order signed by the President in 2011, and consistent with section 1023 of the NDAA for fiscal year 2012, a Periodic Review Board has begun to review the status of those detainees not currently eligible for transfer and for whom there are no charges pending and no judgment of conviction has been entered.    As noted, there are 122 detainees remaining at the detention facility. Of these, 54 are eligible for transfer, 10 are being prosecuted or have been sentenced, and 58 are in the process of being reviewed by the PRB.    Secretary of Defense Hagel, as noted, has approved the transfer of 44 detainees during his term as Secretary: 11 in 2013, 28 last year, and 5 this year. The great majority of these transfers occurred in accordance with the authorities in section 1035 of the fiscal year 2014 NDAA. I urge you to maintain those authorities.    Madam Chairwoman and members of the subcommittee, at the outset I want to make one fundamental point about the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, which has been mentioned by several of you. The President has determined that closing this facility is a national security imperative. The President and his national security team have concluded that the continued operation of the facility weakens our national security by draining resources, damaging our relationships with key allies, and emboldening violent extremists.    I believe it is no coincidence that the ISIL videos displaying barbaric and savage executions of American hostages, and most recently of a Jordanian pilot and a Japanese hostage, each showed the victim clothed in an orange jumpsuit, believed by many to be the symbol of the United States Government's operation of the Guantanamo detention facility. ISIL and other terrorist groups exploit Guantanamo to enhance their propaganda and recruiting.    As noted, 42 military leaders, all retired general officers and flag officers, have addressed this issue. As stated, they said, ``It's hard to overstate how damaging the continued existence of the detention facility at Guantanamo has been and continues to be. It is a critical national security issue'', as mentioned by the ranking member. And as she emphasized, the letter continued, ``Many of us have been told on repeated occasions by our friends in countries around the world that the greatest single action the United States can do to fight terrorism is to close Guantanamo.''    This letter was signed by General Charles C. Krulak, a retired Commandant of the United States Marine Corps; Major General Michael Lehnert, the first commanding general of the detention task force at GTMO; General Joseph Hoar, the former head of CENTCOM ; General David M. Maddox, the former head of the United States Army in Europe; and 36 other retired senior military leaders.    Many other senior military leaders acknowledge the need to close the detention facility at GTMO as well. As noted, Admiral Michael Mullen and General Martin Dempsey, the current and former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, support GTMO closure.    In 2010, General David Petraeus, who was then the commander of CENTCOM, stated, ``I've been on the record that for well over a year saying that GTMO should be closed . . . And I think that whenever we have perhaps taken expedient measures, they have turned around and bitten us . . . Abu Ghraib and other situations like that are non-biodegradables. They don't go away. The enemy continues to beat you with them like a stick.''    In addition to the military, senior figures across the political spectrum have made clear that Guantanamo poses profound risks to our national security and should be closed. As indicated to you, former Secretaries of Defense Robert Gates and Leon Panetta, and the current Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, all support GTMO closure. And finally, as indicated, President George W. Bush himself concluded that Guantanamo detention facility is ``a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for our allies.''    As noted, we have had 28 detainees transfer in 2014, 5 of them transferred this year. These detainees were transferred to 11 different countries. These recent transfers included repatriations to Algeria, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Afghanistan. And the recent transfers also included resettlements to Qatar, Slovakia, Georgia, Uruguay, Kazakhstan, Estonia, and Oman. I look forward to discussing the details of each of these transfers and potential additional transfers in the closed briefing.    Overall, 22 nations have taken detainees from GTMO who are not from that country. This broad support in the international community is also demonstrated by the numerous international organizations calling for closure, including the Organization for American States, and most recently the Vatican.    As with our military leaders, foreign leaders regularly cite the Guantanamo detention center as an obstacle to counterterrorism efforts. For example, a high-ranking security official from one of our staunchest allies in counterterrorism told Charlie's predecessor, Cliff Sloan, ``the greatest single action the United States can do to fight terrorism is to close Guantanamo.''    I will talk briefly about the transfer process. My written statement discusses this process, security assurances, which include travel restrictions, monitoring, information sharing, and reintegration and rehabilitation programs, all important factors in mitigating the risks in detail. But in summary, we try to do three things.    We assess the risks and balance the risks. Transfers are not risk free, but neither is continued detention. Second, we evaluate all sorts of information in making these decisions. All sorts of information. And three, we tailor agreements and conditions to mitigate the threat, and we follow up. As indicated, we take the responsibility of reengagement very seriously. Secretary Hagel has testified forcefully before the full committee on this.    Briefly, the ODNI recognizes these figures in three ways: total; pre-January 22, 2009; and post-January 22 of 2009. I will summarize the current public reporting. For the total figures there are 17.3 percent confirmed and 12.4 percent suspected, for a total of 29 percent confirmed or suspected of reengagement.    Prior to January 22, 2009, 19 percent confirmed, 14.3 percent suspected, for a total of 33 percent. And post-January 22, 2009, 6.8 percent confirmed and 1.1 percent suspected, for a total of 7.9 percent confirmed or suspected. In other words, as noted, the rate of reengagement has been much lower for those transferred since 2009.    Of the detainees transferred under this administration, over 90 percent are neither confirmed nor suspected of having reengaged. And I want to emphasize one additional key point about this reengagement data. Of the 107 confirmed of reengaging, the vast majority of them transferred prior to 2009, 48 are either dead or in custody.    Detainees transferred from GTMO by no means receive a free pass to reengage. Their activities are closely watched, and we are committed to using all lawful tools, if necessary, to mitigate the threat such detainees may pose if they do reengage.    Finally, our plan to close the Guantanamo detention facility has three main elements. First, we will continue the process of responsibly transferring the 54 detainees eligible for transfer. Second, we will continue the prosecution of detainees in military commissions, and if possible, in Federal courts. And third, we will continue to expedite the PRB process.    When we have concluded all these three lines of effort, it is likely that there will be a limited number of detainees who cannot be prosecuted, but as noted, are too dangerous to transfer even with the security assurances. They will remain in our custody, and we will work with Congress on options for those detainees.    In conclusion, President Bush worked toward closing GTMO and many officials in his administration worked hard towards that objective. The President and his national security experts of this administration also believe it should be closed. The senior military leaders of the country and the leaders of the Department of Defense concur. As indicated in the letter by the retired military leaders, many believe closure of this facility is the single most important counterterrorism effort the United States can undertake. And as you have heard, many of our allies agree. We believe the issue is not whether to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility, the issue is how to do it.    And thank you, and I look forward to your questions at the closed briefing.    