    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I for one am excited that we're holding this hearing today because I very strongly believe that reauthorization of the SBIR/STTR program is of the utmost importance. In fact, it should be broadened and extended and enhanced. I so much believe in it. This program has proven to be one of the most successful federal programs for technological innovation in our history, delivering more than 70,000 patents and valuable innovations in agriculture and defense and energy, health sciences, homeland security, space transportation and other fields. You can't get better results than that.    Through Phase I and Phase II, SBIR countless jobs have been created in the capital region of New York that I represent. It is through programs such as SBIR that my district has developed the underpinnings of support for a boom in high-technology innovation and economic development. I would cite International Electronic Machines Corporation in Troy as a stellar example of all of that.    Let me begin with Dr. Lauer. The 2011 reauthorization allows NIH, DOD and the Department of Education to conduct a pilot program to allow a small business to receive a Phase II without having received a Phase II award, also known as the Direct to Phase II pilot. I have some concern that allowing companies to skip Phase I would shut out some small businesses from competing for SBIR award funding. Can you elaborate, Doctor, on Direct to Phase II funding and efforts to prevent marginalization of some small businesses out there?    Mr. Tonko. So there shouldn't be a risk of marginalization?    Mr. Tonko. Okay. I appreciate that.    The research and development of technologies in the biotech field, the energy sector, as well as other technology areas require large investments of capital in the range of hundreds of thousands if not to millions of dollars. The 2011 reauthorization provides increased flexibility to agencies in the amount of funding they award to small businesses under     Additionally, I'm informed that the timeline for innovation does not necessarily fit neatly into the Phase I, Phase II and Phase III approach used by our SBIR program. The last reauthorization also allows agencies more flexibility to structure the funding award at their discretion. So I would ask each of our witnesses, how have each of your, you know, agencies or sections, your divisions, implemented these new flexibilities?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Dr. Khargonekar.    And Dr. Lauer?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And Dr. Dehmer?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And Ms. Garton?    Mr. Tonko. Well, I think harnessing the intellect of this Nation in the midst of an innovation economy is an awesome assignment. You're doing that and doing it very well.    And with that, Madam Chair, I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and I'd like to thank the witnesses today, and thank you for your passion, for your important work, and the importance of basic research and our role in that, and really appreciate your support for the innovation economy and how we're going to do that, and I did note that we have a number of students here. Are these students that we have? If you're a student, raise your hand. Great. It's been very nice to have students here, and I hope you appreciate all the good work that's going on here, and see a lot of the support, and if you're science students and STEM students in any of those fields, we are definitely interested in making sure you stay in those fields. We need you in those fields, and these are the leaders that you'll want to be watching over the years and hopefully joining.    So thank you, students, for being here today, and again, thank our witnesses for all they do in this very innovative and exciting field, and we are now adjourned.