    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Although I doubt that anyone would disagree with making sure that Federal firearms are secure, this hearing seems to me to be a bit of a red herring. In the midst of the conversations sparked by last week's Democratic sit-in, in the midst of calls to make commonsense changes to our nation's gun laws, in the midst of public agreement on the two things that Democrats asked for a vote on--no-fly, no buy, and closing loopholes in background checks--we are having a hearing about guns. But it is about a tiny fraction of guns and certainly not the guns causing the majority of the problems.    Even the title of today's hearing is misleading because while there are a variety of inadequate safeguards when it comes to firearms in our nation, Federal weapons seem pretty low on the list. It may be more worthwhile, for example, to bring NIH in to examine the impact of the congressionally imposed and the NRA-endorsed ban on studying the impact of gun violence.    I think our time would also be much better served with witnesses from the Justice Department or the FBI to talk about bullet stockpiles and how to track large ammunition purchases so that we can prevent mass shootings and make daily gun violence a little less frequent. I know for a fact that I would love to ask about my own Stop Online Ammunitions Sales Act.    In Connecticut alone, there are more than 51,000 registered assault rifles. One hundred and seventy-nine of them are owned by one individual. And according to one 2014 estimate, nearly one million assault weapons have gone unregistered in New York. So I would love to hear from witnesses who could tell me more about what these owners typically do with these weapons and maybe something more about how we can ensure that they remain out of the wrong hands.    All of that is to say that I hope that this hearing isn't the end of our examination of inadequate safeguards, Mr. Chairman, because if it is, then I believe that it is our work that is inadequate.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. I yielded back.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Will the gentleman yield?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you. I certainly appreciate that, and I look forward to our working in a bipartisan way on this issue. At the end of the day I think our actions speak louder than words, and that as we approach these hearings in the future and we bring people before us, that I would like very much to get at the issue that is plaguing our communities both in mass killings and in individual lives that are lost daily, particularly in the urban communities and the poorer communities. The issue of ----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.