    Ms. Currie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and members of the committee for giving me the opportunity today to speak about the state of democracy in Asia, specifically with regard to the situation in Burma.    There is no denying there have been changes in Burma over the past 5 years. When I started working on human rights and democracy in Burma 20 years ago as a young congressional staffer working on the Congressional Human Rights Caucus, I could not have imagined that I would be sitting here today, having spent time in Burma and meeting with the people I was trying to get out of jail at that time, people like Min Ko Naing and Aung San Suu Kyi and others.    Likewise, when I was running the International Republican Institute's Burma program with shoestring funding, operating out of safe houses on the Thai-Burma border, I can't imagine--I couldn't have imagined that IRI and NDI and other organizations would be operating from offices in downtown Rangoon today with the permission of the government and working openly with political organizations to--in advance of an upcoming election. So while these relative economic and political changes certainly have taken place, it is tempting, after so many years of brutally repressive military rule, to use the negative standards of the bad old days to judge the current situation.    But doing this would communicate to the Burmese that they don't deserve the same kind of genuine democracy, real economic opportunity, or real human rights that we take for granted. Instead, we must measure Burma's progress both against the democratic aspirations of the Burmese people, flagrantly denied since 1990, and against the objective standards of genuine democratic governance.    Unfortunately, the same countries, including the United States, that spent more than two decades supporting those democratic aspirations and standards seem to have decided that the reforms to date are good enough, despite how far they fall short of what we would accept for ourselves.    Let's be clear, they have fallen short. Just 1 month prior to the outbreak of violence in Rakhine State in May 2012, the Burmese nation and the world celebrated the sweeping victory of Aung San Suu Kyi and the NLD in by-elections.    In the wake of this historic event, the United States lifted its sanctions on Burma. And President Obama made the first trip to Burma by a sitting President of the United States. Yet since that trip, reforms have stopped cold. The situation has steadily worsened for civil society, political activists, and those who refuse to accept the government's terms for their transition to discipline flourishing democracy. This is the big concern, I think, that many of us have. What is this transition going towards? It is not really the government's intention to have a transition to genuine democracy. They want to transition to an electoral authoritarian system with a thin veneer of democracy on top of it.    As we look to the elections planned for this fall, there is no prospect that they can be genuinely free and fair. Because the constitutional and bureaucratic framework under which they are being held is so heavily tilted toward the military and the incumbent regime, even if the NDL ``wins,'' as Assistant Secretary Malinowski laid out, and captures a majority of the votes, they will not be able to form a government and take political control of the country and the government. Their political leader cannot be elected President. Regardless of the election results, the military will remain in control of Burma's political, bureaucratic, and economic powers. This is why the country's democratic forces have been so focused on reform of the 2008 constitution. But there has been no movement on that. And that is totally at the discretion of the military and the government.    When Burma began liberalizing in 2010, many thoughtful Burmese democrats expressed concerns about becoming ``another Cambodia,'' a donor or China-dependent, electoral authoritarian backwater. Today, these same people are equally concerned about not emulating Thailand, the country next door that has the superficial trappings of economic development and democracy, but which is actually controlled by an elite with shallow commitments to liberal values. Among Burmese Democrats, the seemingly cyclical military interventions in Thailand's democracy point out the dangers of contemplating a long-term similar role for the Burmese military. When it announced the pivot to Asia, the Obama administration declared its intent to strengthen U.S. Ties with all the governments of the region.    The 2010 reforms in Burma created new opportunities to fulfill that rhetoric. Unfortunately, the Obama administration has de-emphasized democratic values in its policy approach in the misguided belief that this will facilitate improved relations. They have replaced a policy of principled disassociation with Burma with one of unprincipled engagement. This pragmatism in the service of a transactional relationship may seem rational in the short term. But the situation in Thailand show that, ultimately, there is no shortcut. Thank you.    Ms. Currie. On the last question, can I add something to Sophie's comment?    Ms. Currie. Thank you. The fact that we don't really engage China on democratization in the mainland, actually, it is a huge problem not just for our engagement with China but it undercuts our efforts to promote democracy elsewhere in the region.    The other countries in the region aren't clueless about the fact that we are not raising this with China. We are putting pressure on them to do something that we won't even talk to the Chinese about. And I think that in order for us to really address this in Hong Kong, it has also got to be part of a package of addressing it with China writ large. And we don't do that anymore. It used to be a standard feature of U.S. diplomacy to talk about political reform in China. And it has completely dropped off the agenda.