    Mr. Lamborn. Ms. Goldfuss, you said that the revised draft guidance will not--I will start over, thank you. If you could, start the clock over.    Mr. Lamborn. Ms. Goldfuss, you said that your revised draft guidance ``is not a rule or regulation, and is not legally enforceable.'' So you have no legal authority to impose your guidance on other Federal agencies, but you are doing so, anyway. It sounds to me like you have been learning at the feet of President Obama, who is taking action by executive order, using his pen and his phone, whether, in my belief, he has the legal authority or not.    OK. Dr. Christy, I have a couple of questions for you. In your testimony you state, ``Because changes in the emissions of our entire country would have such a tiny calculated impact on global climate, it is obvious that single projects, or even entire sectors of the economy, would produce imperceptible impacts.''    In light of this, is the CEQ guidance well advised?    Mr. Lamborn. If all of the climate models that Ms. Goldfuss and others do adhere to were correct, are you still saying that a single country, or a single project within a country, like a particular electrical generating coal-fired power plant, is going to have an imperceptible, maybe even an immeasurable impact? Is that correct?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. Now, you say in your testimony also that ``greenhouse gas emissions cannot be used as a proxy for alleged climate change, because our capability to demonstrate how greenhouse gases influence the already-observed climate is so poor.'' Could you elaborate on that, please?    Mr. Lamborn. Is it scientific for someone to say that a particular climate event, like a drought in the West, or wildfires resulting from a drought, can be attributable to human climate actions?    Mr. Lamborn. What about severe events like hurricanes?    Mr. Lamborn. So if someone stands up in Congress, for instance, and says a hurricane was caused by human climate action, is that scientific or not?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. Now, your testimony suggests that climate models are not useful tools for prediction. Why is that? And are there better tools?    Mr. Lamborn. So what would be a better model?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you for being here.    And, Mr. Chairman, thank you for having this hearing. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Ms. Tsongas.