    Now, with the budget release this past Tuesday, I look forward to hearing from you how the 2017 plan is going to modernize and transform your organization into one that is more customer service oriented, which stresses integrity and fairness to all. From what I have been able to observe, past funding cuts have clearly motivated the IRS to deliver more service online and increase automation, and every organization ought to constantly strive for greater efficiency. But these changes are meaningless without objective measures to evaluate their effectiveness.    So I would encourage you to report back quantifiable results to the committee and to members to accommodate taxpayers. We want to make sure that you also deal with folks that maybe aren't as technologically advanced as others.    But let me close on a positive note, Commissioner. Let me thank you for your personal dedication to the success of the ABLE Act. Some of you all know that was the major reform to individuals with disabilities, first time in 25 years, allows individuals with disabilities, autism, Down syndrome, to set up a tax-free savings account as long as they use those proceeds for qualified expenses. And that is going to give peace of mind to a lot of families. It is going to allow individuals with disabilities to achieve their full potential.    And right now, 37 States have enacted some sort of ABLE Act legislation. I am happy to report that my home State, Florida, has a State mandate to have it up and running by July 1 of this year, and it wouldn't have happened without your commitment and the commitment of the IRS to get those regulations out, make them understandable, simple. So we thank you for that, on behalf of millions of individuals with disabilities around the country. Thank you for that.    So now, I want to turn to Mr. Serrano for any opening statement he might make.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you for your cooperation and your support of all members of the committee. I am one who believes that, notwithstanding the omnibus situation that we always have at the end of the year, it is not this committee that causes that. Although, it is this committee where some members--not on this committee--would like to put so many riders on the bill that make it difficult then for the bill on the floor and otherwise. But maybe this year we can convince them that they want to go home earlier and it is better not to have riders on it.    This is our first subcommittee hearing of the year, and I look forward to working with you once again. We have a number of important hearings planned, including with some folks who our friends on the Budget Committee don't feel like meeting with. So I look forward to moving forward with our process.    Today, I would like also to welcome our Commissioner back before the subcommittee. He took over the helm of the Internal Revenue Service during a very difficult time in the agency's history, and I believe he has done a strong job of righting the ship and making sure that the employees there are focused on their mission.    That said, there is only so much the Commissioner can do without sufficient resources, and that is where this subcommittee comes in. While we were able to increase funding for the IRS by $290 million above the fiscal year 2015 level, compared to the deep cuts suffered by the agency in previous years, this increase is insufficient.    Last year, numerous nonpartisan reports--from the Taxpayer Advocate to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities--noted the negative impact that budget cuts have had on taxpayer services and dollars collected.    The omnibus funding increase was a downpayment on the necessary investments needed for the IRS to succeed, and I believe that more investment is needed to help reverse these declines.    That is why I support the fiscal year 2017 budget request proposed by the President. It includes a significant increase over last year's level and is spread across several initiatives, from improving taxpayer service to the continued implementation of the Affordable Care Act.    Much of this increase is devoted to the core mission of the agency: helping ensure that Americans can file their taxes in a timely and accurate manner and ensuring that those who attempt to cheat the Federal Government are caught and punished. In my view, much of this increase should be acceptable to both sides of the aisle.    Last year, we reached consensus that the IRS needed further investment in order to collect the revenue owed to our country and to ensure that everyone plays by the same rules. I hope we follow the same bipartisanship spirit this year.    Before I conclude, I do want to express my concern over language that was added to the surface transportation bill, the FAST Act, last year requiring the IRS to use private debt collection agencies. We have seen in the past that this is a waste of taxpayer money and that requiring private entities to take on essential government function leads to confusion and abuse.    I strongly opposed these efforts in the past, and it is my expectation that no private debt collection program should take place without sufficient safeguards in place. And if those safeguards cannot be found, then I expect the program will not move forward.    I hope you will be able to discuss this issue and we will all be able to discuss this issue in more detail today.    And I must say, Mr. Chairman, in closing that we have had this discussion before in this committee, both under your chairmanship, my chairmanship, and at other times, Mrs. Emerson, and the consensus throughout the years has been that these debt collectors in many cases abuse and mistreat people rather than collect the debt they are supposed to collect. So it is something we should be very careful about when we deal with it.    Commissioner, welcome back, and I look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We know that we were able to agree on an increase last year for the IRS, and that was a good thing. I hope we can continue it. But there are many people who still feel that it is 19 percent below the fiscal year 2010 funding level.    So my question is, what do you believe the long-term impacts of these cuts the IRS has experienced since 2010 will be? And how does your request for this year begin to repair the damage done by these cuts?    Mr. Serrano. Let me ask you something. I have been here a bunch of years, and so have these other gentlemen, except for those two guys over there, the young ones. On one hand, you present a picture that I believe in, an agency that does its work and gets respect from most of the American people. And yet you have some Members of Congress, a large number, who have always seen the IRS as a problem. If they could get rid of it, I don't know who would collect the taxes, but they would be very happy.    Briefly, because I know my time is running out, why do you think the difference of opinion? Obviously, it would be easy to say it is a political statement. But there is no real political gain in saying let's not collect taxes, although nobody wants to pay taxes. So why the difference?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, I noticed that you said he gets $11 billion. That is what he is asking for.    Mr. Serrano. Oh, okay. Just checking to see if you were committing yourself to the $11 billion.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Well, that is the first thing I wanted to talk about, the IRS ``future state'' plan. The concern that some people have is that you may be making or your agency may be making these decisions based on false assumptions--one, for instance, that the budgets will remain in place, and that is a battle we have every day.    And secondly, that you will be, and I am not trying to be sarcastic, you will be the first agency in the history of the U.S. Government to be up to date on technology. It seems that we have never had that. Ever since I got on Appropriations we have been--had dealt with fiscal year 2000, where the world was going to come to an end; didn't come to an end. But still every month it seems an agency is falling behind on its IT.    So what are you doing to prepare for the fact that what you are dealing with now in terms of your plan may be obsolete by tomorrow?    Mr. Serrano. There is the temptation to say that if we are collecting more money, then the President Obama economy is strong. But I won't do that. You will tell me it is just that taxes are higher and we will get into that back and forth.    Quick statement, and then you could comment on it if you wish. It is not in the form of a question. But I am still not convinced, I have never been convinced, about the private debt collectors. I don't like them. It makes me nervous. And I know it can be abused. These folks get a bounty. A bounty means that you go hard to make sure you collect and how you treat people.    I am one of those Members of Congress, and there are more than we think, it is just that they don't say it out loud, who has great respect for government employees, government workers. I have great respect, for instance, for the people who sit behind us.    If the American people knew the average age of the people who run Congress behind the scenes, behind the work that we do, they would be very grateful and know that the country--the last time I looked the country is still the greatest country on Earth, and there are a lot of young people involved in running it on a daily basis, at least running the Senate and the House.    But I worry, and I hope that as time goes on and this begins to be developed that you keep us informed on whether or not I was wrong or I was right on the fact that there will be abuse, and that it is better to have people who are on the payroll now, people who have been around a while, collecting that debt, rather than having people who don't have the government as their sense or center point, but rather just collecting the dollars.    And that is my statement. If it's a question and you want to comment on it, it is up to you.    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, if I may?    Mr. Serrano. Because the gentleman made a very interesting point.    Your comment would be perfect if we had never tried this before. We have tried it and it hasn't worked. The experience has not been a good experience.    And that is my concern, that there are some people heck bent on making this part of how government collects money. And the experience we have had in the past was not good. We had complaints about people being harassed, we had complaints about people going to the door really as, I hate to say it, as bounty hunters.    So I just have a certain respect for people who understand what the parameters of their behavior are in government. But I understand your point, and your point would be extremely well taken if we have never tried this before.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want you to know that you just cost me a dollar. I bet someone that you would say something positive about the budget, and I didn't hear it. Maybe I skipped it.    Mr. Serrano. Yes, you did. Yes, you did.    Thank you, Chairman Crenshaw. I would like to join you in welcoming Shaun Donovan, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to this hearing.    Today's hearing serves a dual purpose: We will of course discuss OMB's specific budget request for this year and delve into the new initiatives that will help coordinate government-wide responses to pressing issues. But we will also delve into the budget request as a whole and how OMB has helped to put together a coherent and cohesive product that reflects our Nation's values and addresses its needs.    That secondary role is especially important for this year's context, because this year our majority colleagues on the Budget Committee have taken the unprecedented step of refusing to invite Director Donovan to testify on the administration's budget. I think that decision is unwise at best.    With that in mind, I want to commend Chairman Crenshaw for his decision to hold a hearing today. I think it speaks well of the Appropriations Committee's more bipartisan nature. Although we may have differences of opinion about what our policy priorities should be, I am glad to know that the chairman believes that we should hear all sides of the debate.    And I am very serious and sincere about that, Mr. Chairman.    And I think it is especially necessary to hear what Director Donovan has to say about the fiscal year 2017 budget.    So I believe that the President's request, prepared with your counsel, creates a strategic plan that strengthens our economy and invests in working families by improving access to early and higher education as well as affordable health care, investing in our infrastructure, and partnering with local communities and businesses to create good-paying jobs and affordable housing. I commend OMB for your role in these efforts.    There is also much to discuss in OMB's request, as well, which totals $100.7 million in fiscal year 2017. This includes a relatively small increase of $5.7 million to help ensure you have the personnel and the tools necessary to meet these numerous responsibilities.    It is important to note that, out of the requested increase, $2.4 million are for unavoidable costs, such as salary increases, higher rental costs, and IT contractor support. The other $3.3 million would help OMB restore a portion of previous staff cuts at a time when OMB has taken on numerous new responsibilities mandated by Congress. OMB's current staffing levels are 7 percent below 2010 levels and would still be 5 percent below 2010 levels even if OMB receives its full 2017 funding request. We need to make sure that OMB has the resources necessary to do its job.    I am also interested in hearing about the implementation of the Cybersecurity National Action Plan and OMB's role in developing and coordinating Federal IT cybersecurity strategy and policy. I hope we will have a chance to discuss all these issues in further detail today.    Thank you for your service and for appearing before this subcommittee. I look forward to hearing about your priorities for 2017.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You have touched on it somewhat, but I want you to expand on it. You know, we have been in a certain kind of mood in the last few years--actually, more than a few years--of cutting, cutting, cutting the budget. And some Members feel that if we cut the budget, that is fine; that is what we were elected to do. But some of us feel that what made our country great was investing in our country also, investing in infrastructure, investing in education.    So how does the President's budget deal with those issues? And is it possible, do you think, at all in this climate--and I know this is more a political question than anything else--for any President to make Congress happy in terms of investing and at the same time not making them totally angry on spending?    Mr. Serrano. I am glad that we are discussing that approach, Mr. Chairman, because one of my concerns and the way I always say it is, you know, somewhere right now in this country, in many places, there is a man and a woman somewhere in a lab, or a couple of men and women in a lab, in white coats working either on the next Velcro or perhaps finding a cure for cancer or the common cold. And we sometimes feel, it looks to me, like we are willing to even cut those areas, you know, that make us grow.    Do you think we are reaching at all that dangerous point? Or do you think that the bipartisan agreements we have had or some of the changing in tone that we have seen at times in the last couple years, which some people forget about--it hasn't all been rancor and discord at times--that we can get to a point where we don't jeopardize the investments we have to make in the future of the country?    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, one quick question. And this is a question that I run the risk that anybody under 30 in the audience will leave here shaking their head and saying, ``How dumb can he be?''    But can we reach a point where the IT equipment we buy doesn't become obsolete 6 months later? Is that our ability to purchase improperly, or is it just that technology changes so quickly that we can't keep up?    Mr. Serrano. Because it seems that all the years I have been on Appropriations--I mean, there was the fiscal year 2000 where we thought we were going to all die and the country was going to go down the drain. But since then, one of the issues is how we pour money at times--pour money, honestly--you're hearing a Democrat say that--into IT and then, a year later, the department or that agency is saying it is obsolete.    Mr. Serrano. Is there any way to deal with that?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. I can't take all this.    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, is this a contest of interruptions?    Mr. Serrano. Well, you are, sir, raising your voice. And we have given very little respect to the Director today.    Mr. Serrano. I have been on this committee a long, long time, and I have never seen anyone come before us treated the way he has been treated today.    And the last time I saw--I read the Constitution and the Appropriations Committee manuals. It says that the President proposes and we dispose. So how can it be that a President is drumming up the debt when we pass bills that pay for programs in this country? So we don't have a dictatorship, and I think it is time we realize we don't have a dictatorship. We are either all guilty or no one is guilty.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My concern, Mr. Chairman, is probably more about the process and who we are. We are appropriators. And the Appropriations Committee has a reputation, a reputation that in the 1990s became a dirty thought, that people could actually debate and then go have a beer after the debate. That is the essence of our democracy. That is who we are as a country. There are many countries throughout the world where people disagree, and they try to shoot each other after the disagreement.    But lately--maybe it is because it is an election year--lately, we have decided that President Obama is the worst President in the history of the country, he has done nothing, and his people do nothing, and that they just drive up the debt, and they drive up the debt, and they drive up the debt.    You know, we are a country, Mr. Chairman, that does worry about the senior citizen who doesn't have something to eat, and that costs money. We are a country who cares about a child going to school and has laws about a child going to school, and that costs money.    We are a country that does try, not as much as I would like to, you are hearing this from a liberal, try to take care of our veterans to the best of our ability, although liberals usually, like me, say don't go to war and when they come home, give them whatever they need, give them everything. If it was up to me, they would get a house, a car, education, everything, just for putting on the uniform. And if they are not citizens and they go to war, the minute they put on the uniform, they become citizens. That is how much I respect our veterans.    But I think we have got to understand that we have a process here. And we can't just blame one person. So he proposes a budget that we don't like. That is why there is a guy over in the Senate running for President who wants to shut the government every day, because he doesn't like that budget. That is his right to do so. But let's not make it sound like we don't play a role.    I have voted for budgets that spend money. I have proposed budgets that spend money. But I think it is a disservice by us as a group--and I am not picking on anybody--as a group to forget that you and I were that close to voting on the same bill 2 years ago until somebody in the Senate gave away a piece that even you were not interested in giving away; and that last year, we all voted for a bill that we weren't crazy about, but we knew we had to keep the government open and keep it working.    So all I am saying is probably something that nobody will pay attention to, is that he is a public servant, I am a public servant, we are all public servants. We don't get selected. We don't get picked. We come and we beg people, be it at a legion hall, be it at a foreign wars place, be it in front of a subway station in the Bronx, New York, we beg people to vote for us. I will be doing that pretty soon. My primary is in June, and I will do it again for the 20-something time in my life, to ask them to do that. But we have got to be a little more respectful of each other and a little more respectful of the process.    I will close with this thought. The worst word you hear these days is ``gridlock.'' Gridlock. Gridlock may be democracy working. We didn't come here to agree on everything. We came here to present our positions. In China, the budget is always on time. In China, the budget is always on time. Is that the system we want?    And so rather than ask a question, I just hope that we face this year understanding what it is, and we know what it is, and we are trying to elect somebody President, and you folks are trying to elect somebody else President. I hope your nominee is that guy from New York, that will be a good thing. But, you know, we still have a good thing going in this country, and we shouldn't make it sound like the country stinks.    In fact, I will close with this thought. There is a gentleman running for President who says: Let's make America great again. You know what my answer is? America is great, we just need more people to share in its greatness. That is my philosophy. If I went around saying America is not great, I will probably be run out of time. It is great. It is the greatest country under God's heaven. And we should preserve it by starting off and understanding what our role is and what we have to do to make it right.    And one last point. If we can get into debt looking for weapons of mass destruction that were never there, then we certainly can spend some money on education and on housing and so on.    And by the way, I found the weapons of mass destruction. They are called failing schools in some cases. They are called senior citizens who can't pay their rent. Those are the weapons that could destroy us, not the ones we are looking for.    I am sorry for the preaching, but maybe when you are not--I don't know, maybe when you are born in a territory, maybe when you are born slightly outside the boundaries, you realize how lucky you are to be in this country and how lucky you are to be a Member of Congress. And I feel like that every day.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. No. Just to thank the chairman and thank the members of the committee for this hearing. It was spirited, that is a good thing.    And thank you, sir, for your service to our country and for making New York look good all the time. Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Crenshaw and Quigley? Was I out that day?    Mr. Serrano. Yes? OK, thank you. Thank you, Chairman Crenshaw. I join you in welcoming Chair White back before our subcommittee. It is a pleasure to see you once again as you come to testify about the fiscal year 2017 budget request for the Securities and Exchange Commission. Your budget request for this fiscal year is quite reasonable, in my opinion, given the large and growing oversight role that you are expected to undertake.    With so many new responsibilities, not just from Dodd-Frank, but also the JOBS Act, we could argue that you should be requesting even more funding than you are. Your total budget request is dwarfed by most big banks, I.T. investments. So, despite recent increases, you are always fighting an uphill battle with fewer resources that are needed to do the job.    Last year, we succeeded in increasing the SEC's budget level to $1.6 billion, which has allowed you to at least not lose ground. Your fiscal year 2017 request asked for a further increase of more than $100 million to a total of $1.781 billion. This will help increase your enforcement capacity, your ability to conduct oversight, and examinations of regulated entities, and your ability to protect consumers.    Although the financial meltdown of 2007 and 2008 fades in the memories of some people, it remains foremost in my mind. At that time, we had regulatory agencies that were negligent in their duties to protect consumers and cut back on abusive practices. And we all paid dearly for that. People lost their retirement incomes. They lost their savings. And the American people were forced to bail out actors who had taken unnecessary and harmful risks that undermined our economic system.    That is why a strong and vigilant SEC is vital to protecting not just those who invest in the financial markets, but the American people as a whole. As we found out several years ago, guaranteeing that you have the resources to ensure fair and open financial markets is key to every American's economic security. Dodd-Frank gave you significant new tools and oversight abilities, and it is up to this subcommittee to make sure you are able to carry out the intent of that law.    I do also want to mention another part of this equation that threatens to undermine the system of safeguards and protections provided by the SEC and other financial regulators. As in previous years, last year's House and Senate appropriations bills contained numerous riders that are both unnecessary and procedurally flawed. These riders opened up loopholes in Dodd-Frank, and undermined the ability of the SEC to do its job.    Before I close, Chair White, I just want to thank you for your dedication to this agency, and to this Nation. You have a tough job to do, and hopefully, this subcommittee makes it easier rather than more difficult. I know you are a fellow Yankees fan, and since baseball season will soon be underway, I am sure I will see you in the Bronx soon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Chairman White.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chair White, the President's budget request of $1.781 billion, an increase of about six percent for fiscal year 2016, will support 250 new positions. You are requesting 52 new positions in enforcement, 127 in compliance, four in corporate finance, and seven each in trading and markets, and investment management.    Please explain what functions these will serve, and why they are needed. And also, as a follow-up, what would happen if you did not get these positions?    Mr. Serrano. Well, I am glad to hear that you used the word enforcement because I keep telling this story, but it cannot be told enough. Some years ago, this agency--you were not there, came to the subcommittee and actually said, ``We do not need any more money. We are fine.'' And we later found out why. They were not enforcing anything, and only history will tell what role they played in that 2007/2008 fiasco.    Let me take you, very quickly, to Puerto Rico, which is not a bad place to take anyone. Puerto Rico is in the midst of an economic crisis that is so bad it really is becoming a humanitarian one. Your investment management division is urging funds, especially those with exposure to Puerto Rico, set to monitor, to continually update their disclosure based on the risk associated with their investments. Can you talk a little about that and any other role the SEC may have in what is unfolding in Puerto Rico?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Yes, I do. Thank you. Chairman White, I want to bring you back to this issue of Puerto Rico, because in the 26 years that I have been here, I have never seen all the years focus in on something so quickly on both sides of the aisle and both Houses to try to deal with what they know has become a humanitarian issue. With that in mind, I am going to call an original co-sponsor of the Puerto Rico Investor Protection Act, which would terminate the exemption of companies located in the U.S. territory from coverage by the Investment Company Protection Act of 2015. And we thank you for your technical assistance that you gave us on putting that bill together.    Could you please speak to the effect of the bill and how it can help the situation there? Now, I realize, as you have told us before, you are not directly involved, but this one is about investors. And so, you might be more involved with that.    Mr. Serrano. Just for the record, you know, the territories, and you do not see it more clearly and evident than in this committee, usually the attitude with the territories is whatever is left over. And I have stories, I tell you, that would make people laugh if they were not sad. That one is sad, that they did not think they could travel to the territories or whatever, so they did not include the territories--you know, American citizens.    I remember in front of me the FCC once, I asked them how come there is no satellite radio in Puerto Rico yet. They have it now. They said the satellite will get there. And I thought the whole essence of a satellite is it can get anywhere. So I said, ``Borrow one from the CIA, and you will be able to get there and elsewhere.'' So, now they have it, and some people like me and some people do not like me, you know, terrestrial radio.    But let me ask you something. You have so many new responsibilities now, and one of them that always keeps coming up--and I know you have been asked this, but I just want to stay on it because it is important to me, and it is important to a lot of people--are you really keeping up fully at this point in the I.T. area? Because it seems to me, and I do not think this will ever end, I mean, it does not end in our own offices.    I mean, we buy equipment in our offices and the staff celebrates the fact they have all this new equipment, and a year later, the equipment is not that good anymore compared to other agencies. So, the banks out there have much better stuff and you have better equipment. What can we do about that, other than keep pumping money? And I am against pumping money. I do not want to sound like a Republican, but----    Mr. Serrano. You know, and one of the things that I have noticed, Mr. Chairman, is that what she is talking about is really so true. We have young people in this country--not that I am knocking the experts who have been around a while--young people that are really whizzes when it comes to technology, and we have not found a way in government to attract them, to bring them in. You know, government is not something they understand.    I remember that I either sarcastically or very profoundly during the Obamacare roll out that created some problems, I said, ``Why do you not just go to a college dorm? It will be resolved in a half an hour, if you get some of those kids in here.'' And I think that we are missing a disconnect in this country between the fact that we have a younger generation that understands technology well, that comes up with incredible inventions that they later sell for $1 billion to someone, you know, and we rely only on what we think we know. I have no problems at my office hiring someone who is 24 and say, ``Fix that computer,'' because I know they know how to. And I think that that might sound simplistic, but I think it is something that we are missing and we--so I am glad to hear you say what you said.    And lastly, let me just follow up on something Mr. Bishop said, and then I will let you go for my part. There have been some questions recently about whether investors have enough information on the composition of the boards of publicly-traded companies. Numerous letters have been sent to you asking that the SEC act to require to disclose--disclosure of more information pertaining to the diversity of boards. Do you think that more needs to be done in this area and, if so, what sort of timeline is the SEC looking at?    Mr. Serrano. Well, I want to take this opportunity, Chair White, in closing, to thank you for your service, you know. November is coming soon so we do not know where we are all going to be after November. But I want to thank you, and I want to ask you a personal favor on behalf of everybody.    It is a personal favor, and that is to try to continue to do what you have done, to put the SEC as that watchdog, that detective, that cop on the beat, that we need so that the Wall Street fiasco does not come back. If you put it on its road, it may be difficult for some people to undo it in the future, although some will try to go back to the days when we did not care what Wall Street was doing. Let's just try to get it on the road and I know you are the person to do it. Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to join you once again in welcoming Secretary Lew before the subcommittee to discuss the Department's budget request for fiscal year 2017.    The Treasury Department plays a broad and important role in guiding our economy, ensuring a fair Federal tax code, managing our Nation's finances, promoting economic opportunity, and conducting important international activities. You provide assistance and leadership in a number of diverse roles, and I thank you for all your efforts.    One area where your continued leadership is desperately needed is on the island of Puerto Rico. The Treasury Department has been playing a leading role in helping to address the fiscal and economic crisis on the island. Last year's Omnibus bill included language allowing Treasury to provide technical assistance to Puerto Rico to help it work on ways to balance its books and improve its economy.    While this is a good step, and I hope we will discuss it today, it is clear that more needs to be done by Congress on this issue. The humanitarian toll this is taking on American citizens is truly appalling. The Speaker has committed to action, and I expect him to keep his word.    Let me just mention that again, Mr. Chairman, because unfortunately, there are too many Members of Congress and the American people who don't know that everyone who was born in Puerto Rico is an American citizen.    A significant contributor to the island's fiscal woes is its continued inequitable treatment under numerous provisions of both the Federal tax code and the Federal grant programs. Your budget request proposes to remedy one of these issues by creating a mandatory funding stream that would essentially allow working families in Puerto Rico to receive the Earned Income Tax Credit, something that no one living on the island is currently eligible for. I commend you for this proposal and believe it will provide some relief for families on the island.    Beyond this vital issue, your fiscal year 2017 budget request includes new funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions fund. The CDFI fund has helped entities invest billions of dollars in economically underserved areas, including, in my district in the Bronx. I commend you for a new initiative proposed within this program this year, the small dollar loan, which will help reduce reliance on the payday lenders. Access to mainstream financial services is a serious problem in the Bronx and elsewhere, so I think this new effort is a great program and a great potential.    Now, as I have said to you privately and publicly, this CDFI is a great program, and to strengthen it is really going in the right direction. Your budget request also builds on last year's increases for the IRS providing for further investment and to try and better address enforcement and service priorities.    Although I am pleased that we were able to get a significant increase for the agency, the IRS has still lost thousands of employees over the past several years, and its budget is still 19 percent below fiscal year 2010. These reductions have made it significantly more difficult for the agency to help those with questions and to go after tax cheats. Your budget request helps restore capacity at the IRS, which is important in ensuring the fiscal health of our Nation.    Lastly, I do, also want, to mention the Department's central role in reforming our policies towards Cuba. Treasury issued new travel regulations yesterday in advance of the President's trip there, and I hope we will get a chance to discuss these further.    The impact of your Department's policies, in all of these areas, show just how central the Treasury Department is to our Nation's economy, our government's fiscal health, and our communities' economic opportunities. I think the Department has done a great job in all of these areas in the past 8 years, and I want to commend you, Secretary Lew, for a job well done over the past 3.    If I had the ability to keep people around for the next administration, you would be at the top of my list for many, many reasons, but I didn't win any of the primaries, so I am not involved in this.    But I just want to finish up by saying you have been a great friend of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any, any help that you can continue to lend, because it is sad, and it is sad that the public is not aware of what is happening, and as you know, anything that happens in Puerto Rico affects Wall Street, affects New York, affects the United States, where there are 5 million Puerto Ricans living, and they are part of who we are. They are part of the system.    I was born there, as you know, and the most important point to me is that the suffering is affecting veterans in Puerto Rico at the veterans' hospitals and elsewhere. And at the minimum, we should stick to our word that we never turn our back on veterans, and those veterans in Puerto Rico are as much veterans as they are anywhere else in the country.    So I thank you for your help to the whole island and especially to the veterans. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. To your surprise, I actually understood that argument. It got a little interesting for awhile. I thought we were talking about designating minor league ballplayers back to Triple A or something.    But Mr. Secretary, let me bring you back to what, you know, is taking so much time, and rightfully so, in my community, both in New York and in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. In trying to help in the omnibus bill, we gave some technical assistance language, including economic forecasting, budgeting, cash management, spending controls, information technology upgrades, multiyear fiscal planning, revenue, and expenditure projections, improving tax collections, and grant management.    What are you doing with that new authority? What progress has been made? And is there any new authority the administration needs and is looking for?    Mr. Serrano. And I want to take this opportunity again to thank you for all you have done. You have understood and, I think, you have made many, in the administration, understand the importance of not letting one of the territories fall apart. In the past, I can tell you as an appropriator, and this chairman happens to be very good at it, and the full committee chairman in helping us, but the territories are seen as something else.    This morning I was watching one of the major stations, and they are saying, well, Hillary has won this, and Trump has won that, and Bernie has won that, of course, we are not counting the territories. I say, well, why not, they have delegates, too, and they gave delegates to the candidates, and that is part of the attitude. We never count the territories.    Mr. Serrano. Well, you personally answered one of my other questions, which was, within which you are allowed to tell me in public, what you are allowed to tell us in public, what role are you playing in the Speaker's promise, which we know he will hold and keep, to have something ready by the end of March, or the beginning of April?    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, just in closing, am I to gather, from your information, from what you told us, that there is a sense of urgency on the part of many Members of Congress, some who, perhaps in the past, were not engaged with Puerto Rico in any way, that this is an important issue that has to be dealt with?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, the President's announcements on Cuba and Cuba travel have been met with great support from a lot of people, and I am happy to see that the outcry we all expected from 10 years ago didn't take place.    What have you seen as changes affecting what you have to do? What needs to be done still? And can you talk to us about the new announcement that was made just yesterday?    Mr. Serrano. I am trying to remember who it was, and I can't at this moment, but someone before this committee told us that the biggest change they saw was when the President went to Latin America and he was meeting with a group of leaders from Latin America. Was that you that told us that?    Mr. Serrano. The point was how excited they were.    Mr. Serrano. One last question. One of my favorite programs is the CDFI program, and we notice that you asked for a relatively small increase compared with some of the other numbers that we have discussed today. I hope we are not putting them at risk in any way, because that is an agency that has been very effective in my community. It has a lot of fans on both sides of the aisle.    Mr. Serrano. Yeah.    Mr. Serrano. Well, they have done a great job.    And let me just in closing say that this will be the last time you come before us, I think, in an official capacity. We will keep talking on different issues and working on Puerto Rico and so on. I want to thank you for your service.    Mr. Serrano. And like I said, I didn't win any primaries for President, so I can't reappoint you. I would have loved to do that. And if you come back to the Bronx, as you have stated before, we welcome you again as always. That is your home?    Mr. Serrano. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Just a quick comment. I really respect the gentleman's comments about balancing the budget. I think that is so important and something everybody wants and so on and so forth.    The Secretary has made it clear that sometimes you get into a little debt by building highways and you create a million jobs at the same time, and it is something you should look at.    But I have been around here long enough to remember when we cut taxes when we weren't supposed to cut taxes and when we got into a war we weren't supposed to get into. We had a surplus and then we blew the money away, along with a lot of our respect throughout the world. We are still looking for those weapons of mass destruction, but they cost billions of dollars.    So I think if we learn anything from that it is to be careful about the future, protect our country, try to give the working class people in this country less of a tax burden. But we made some serious mistakes at that time, and we are all guilty of it. We cut taxes when we shouldn't have and we threw away a surplus on a war that we shouldn't have been involved in.    And now we hear the gentleman speak honestly, but I think we have to revisit that every so often to remember how we got into this mess.    Thank you.