    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and witnesses, I appreciate you being here, specifically Commissioner Atkins. You addressed something that I think is very important when we talk about systemically important financial institutions, especially as it relates to asset managers.    I think what is even more compelling is that your pronunciation of the acronym for systemically important financial institutions as ``sci-fi'' is just that when it comes to asset managers--science fiction. And I think that this is an unintended consequence of Dodd-Frank. What risk do asset managers have?    They are essentially agents, they are not leveraged, and yet here we are looking at making them a systemically important financial institution as I understand it in your testimony would then make that asset manager as a SIFI or sci-fi jointly and separately liable for any other SIFI or sci-fi that might have a need for liquidity, is that correct?    Mr. Ross. Yes, exactly. And what you have here is you have a non-leveraged asset manager now responsible, which really is not him, it is his investors who are responsible. And who makes up those investors? Mutual fund holders, pension funds, grandma and grandpas, people living on fixed incomes.    So I guess what I am getting at is here we are trying to find out if too-big-to-fail is really something that has been put to an end with Dodd-Frank, but in fact it hasn't, and not only has it not, but it has given an incentive for another source of liquidity to bail out those that are deemed systemically important financial institutions, would you agree?    Mr. Ross. And now, would you believe that just a couple of weeks ago our Secretary of the Treasury, Jack Lew, was sitting there, and I asked him the question of whether a SIFI would be jointly and severally liable for other SIFIs if they were deemed so, and he denied that.    He looked back at his staff and denied it. And so, I give you credit in your opening statement to not only recognize that as a plain anomaly, if you will, of Dodd-Frank, but also to cite the fact that it is found in 12 USC Section 5390.    Mr. Calabria, let's talk about insurance just for a quick second. Now, we have in place probably one of the best systems of regulatory environment for insurance companies, and that is our State-regulated systems, would you not agree?    Mr. Ross. And now, you have FSOC coming in there and saying that there might be some gaps, we need them, we have a Federal Insurance Office. It doesn't have any regulatory control, but, yes, we want to make sure everything is in sync.    Would you have an opinion as to where there are some gaps there that would require a system better than what we have in place on behalf of our consumers?    Mr. Ross. More leveraged, greater capital requirements, more detriment to the consumer or to the insured, which also gives unfair competitive advantage maybe even to those internationally in the insurance markets. Which leads me to my next point with the the International Association of Insurance Suppliers (IAIS). Do you feel the FSB is making enough effort as an advocate to protect our interest in those negotiations?    Mr. Ross. Well put, and it would work well in an industry that is not bank-like. So, Mr. Zywicki, quickly, since the recession in 2008, have we seen a great deal of capital reformation?    Mr. Ross. Could somebody answer that? Have we not seen a greater increase in capital with the formation of capital?    Mr. Ross. And have we seen since in the last 5 years any greater access to that capital?    Mr. Ross. Or our capital markets.    Mr. Ross. But what we are doing is we are seeing more and more private capital being formed, but we are not seeing access to that capital being allowed to the consumers as a result of Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Ross. Thank you.