    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I'm glad that we're having this hearing today. As had been mentioned at the beginning of the hearing, over 300 Members of Congress are sponsoring the legislation. So it hasn't been a close call for most of us.    There is a competing--not a competing bill, a bill that encompasses the provisions in this bill, but also goes to geolocation. And I'm wondering, Mr. Cook, the DOJ recently enacted a policy requiring a warrant before deploying a cell site simulator, like a Stingray, to locate a suspect using their cell phone. Does your association support that policy?    Ms. Lofgren. If you support this absent the exigent circumstance exception, which we're not arguing against, would you consider that a warrant for any means of obtaining real-time geolocation information should also be favorably supported by your group?    Ms. Lofgren. For example, you don't need a Stingray to actually identify where a person is with a cell phone. But the identification issue is the same. So wouldn't that logic extend to that?    Ms. Lofgren. I think it did as well. Shouldn't that same logic apply also to historical location information?    Ms. Lofgren. If I can, I don't want to run out of time. Assuming that the technology issues are resolved, and it's not the U.S. Attorneys Association's job to do that, logically shouldn't the Fourth Amendment apply to historical records as well as prospective records?    Ms. Lofgren. Right, which has also been not favorably received recently by the Congress.    Let me turn to you, Mr. Salgado, because we have approached this whole issue from the point of the Fourth Amendment and the Constitution and the right to privacy and the like. But it also has an impact on American business. The most important technology companies in the world are located in the United States. I would like, can you comment on the impact, if any, on American business for a perception in other countries that privacy is not secure if you use an American product?    Ms. Lofgren. Now, if I can, and you may not have the answer to this, but certainly this is not an issue just for Google, but for Facebook and all the ISPs, and Microsoft has a big case in Ireland right now, and the like. Has anybody added up the dollars at risk to the U.S. economy on this privacy issue?    Ms. Lofgren. Okay. That's fair enough. I would like to just mention that the Chief Justice's conclusion in Riley versus California is, ``Our answer to the question of what police must do before searching a cell phone seized incident to arrest is accordingly simple, get a warrant.''    How does that decision apply to the legislation that we're considering today, in your judgment?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you very much. My time has expired, Mr. Chairman.