    Mr. Kubiak. In the immediate wake of the tragic attacks today in Belgium, I am strengthened by the fact that our international law enforcement collaboration and our effectiveness grows stronger every day. In my more than 20 years as a Federal law enforcement officer, ICE has never had greater capability to partner internationally to protect our nation.    Over 400 ICE personnel are assigned to 62 offices in 46 countries and each year we augment that staff with hundreds of agents and analysts on temporary detail. As today's attacks demonstrate, the threat continues to evolve and challenge our law enforcement response, but I am confident our strong global partnerships build our capability to identify criminals, terrorists, and those networks that support their actions.    As the goal of the hearing is today to address Western Hemisphere affairs, I will focus specifically on that area, but the accomplishments and programs that will be discussed today are representative of our efforts globally.    In the Western Hemisphere, ICE has 23 offices in 9 countries, staffed by about 111 people who work on capacity building and exchange of best practices with our law enforcement counterparts and then operationalize those capabilities through joint investigations covering a full range of ICE's broad investigative authorities and work with our partner nations to repatriate their nationals.    We are, at our core, a border law enforcement agency, and partner with our foreign law enforcement counterparts, Immigration and Customs officers around the world, to investigate transnational criminal organizations operating globally. Thanks to the additional appropriated funds from Congress in Fiscal Year 2015 and continued funding support from the Department of State and the Department of Defense, we have expanded critically important programs like the Transnational Criminal Investigative Units, our Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, and the Trade Transparency Units.    We continue to build our capacity and the capacity of our host country counterparts through training programs such as our Cross Border Financial Investigations Program, and our Strategic Trade Control Workshops. We put these programs and training to work through ambitious international and multilateral whole of U.S. Government joint investigative enforcement operations such as Operation Citadel.    ICE's Transnational Criminal Investigative Units investigate all forms of illicit trade, travel, and finance. TCIUs are comprised of foreign law enforcement officials, customs officers, immigration officers, and prosecutors, who undergo a strict vetting process and complete a prerequisite 3-week training course at our Federal law enforcement training center in Glynco, Georgia. Once trained, the TCIU members work collaboratively with our attache personnel to address significant joint law enforcement threats throughout the hemisphere. Through this program, ICE attaches share law enforcement intelligence, conduct joint investigations, and assist in prosecutions of transnational criminal organizations both in the host country and in the United States.    TCIUs are currently operational in nine countries and comprise more than 250 vetted foreign trained law enforcement officers who in 2015 alone, Fiscal Year 2015 alone, disrupted and dismantled criminal organizations through the arrest of almost 700 suspects, the seizure of nearly 17,000 pounds of cocaine, the seizure of more than $6.7 million in illicit cash, and $13 million worth of counterfeit merchandise, not to mention numerous firearms, ammunition, vehicles, and vessels.    One of ICE's highest priorities in the region is investigating human smuggling and trafficking. The Human Smuggling Cell serves as the U.S. Government's coordination center for all human smuggling investigations and through it ICE and CBP together harness DHS's unique access to immigration border and financial data to advance efforts to counter these organizations. The cell provides intelligence coordination and supports U.S. and foreign investigations to more effectively address the specific regional threat.    For the last 4 consecutive years, as an example, ICE led Operation Citadel, a regional, multilateral, and multi-agency effort to address our transnational criminal organization operations, but with the specific focus on human smuggling. This operation coordinated attaches and TCIUs in the region and combined partner national capacity building, training, and real-time intelligence, interdiction and investigative operations at international seaports, airports, land borders, and in the interior of those countries.    In Fiscal Year 2015, Operation Citadel dismantled several large transnational human smuggling organizations. Most significantly, one investigation coordinated collaborative investigations at the same time in Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, and the United States, dismantling a prolific transnational criminal organization operating throughout Central America and throughout the hemisphere. As a result, 14 separate human smuggling routes were identified and disrupted, including routes used by smugglers to move third country nationals from the Eastern Hemisphere through the Western Hemisphere and into the United States across the southwest border. In total, Citadel's 2015 results included 210 arrests, the recovery of 51 unaccompanied minors, the seizure of $2.1 million in currency, over 2100 biometric collections or enrollments and the initiation of 68 new and on-going investigations.    There is much work still to do and the need to continue to strengthen international partnerships through training and joint operations, but ICE is fully engaged in addressing current and future threats. I am confident that we will continue to build upon this momentum and generate additional considerable operational achievements as we move forward. Thank you for the opportunity to answer your questions.    Mr. Kubiak. Sir, it is exactly your question for the reason I didn't use special interest alien in my opening statement because we are trying to get away from that term, specific terminology, because of this inherent problem that you have just identified. What we are referring to is third country nationals not from the Western Hemisphere, in other words, people from outside of our regional world. And it is specific because we are not necessarily worried about specific nationalities although there is some higher threat in certain areas of the world.    What we are worried about are bad actors within those communities, to your point exactly, and it is the ones and twos along the way that may have some intentional bad harm that we need to ferret out as Mr. Bersin said, shrink the haystack to make sure that we have really the best information possible about those that intend harm to the United States or to the region. And so it is programs like bitmap and our Transnational Criminal Investigative Units that we have worked in partnership with the other government agencies that allow us, and in the classified setting, I will get into much more detail in a couple of examples to give you how this exactly is working, but we are able to identify individuals to collect biometrics long before they get to the United States. Mr. Bersin did hint at even in some cases when we are able to do that, we are not able to then stop their forward and onward progression to the United States where they can show up at a port of entry and claim some form of relief.    Mr. Kubiak. Thank you, sir. Thank you for the questions and for the opportunity to address. So just to answer your question first, the last question first, part of what I am seeing and that I mentioned in the opening statement to a degree is as you mentioned in the 1990s, prior to 9/11, we had different border strategy and we have changed that a lot over time. What I am seeing through our international partnership and engagement with our foreign counterparts and through our collaboration with State Department is that that is changing as well down in Central America, South America, and Mexico.    Specifically, in Mexico, we have seen an increased engagement over the last 2 years unlike I have ever seen before where they are attempting to address and they have a long way to go like we did pre-9/11 to the situation that we are today. But I think one of the things that we can do from here is a continued and constant capability building. We are never going to be able to enforce our way out of the illegal immigration floor solely. We have to have some impact on what we refer to as the push and pull factors that cause immigration. And so as you know, I am sure from your visit, a lot of the push factors are involved with reducing violence in the countries from which people are coming, Syria being the most tragic example, I think, and what is driving people out of that country. To continue to grow their economies so that we don't get as many economic migrants moving this way, and then to also work on reducing, as Mr. Bersin said, some of the immigration challenges that we have in the United States and some of the loopholes that we are able to address.    Mr. Kubiak. Sir, nobody is preventing us. We have resources. The priorities have been set by the Secretary.    Mr. Kubiak. Secretary Johnson.    Mr. Kubiak. Department of Homeland Security, that outlines the way that immigration----    Mr. Kubiak. Sir, I am not----    Mr. Kubiak. Yes, I apologize. I am not familiar specifically with that particular issue. I did spend some time as a special agent in charge in Northern New York where I worked with the U.S. Attorney's Office and we did do work in that----