    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for holding this hearing.    Secretary, what did you have, as far as assets and technical assistance, in the Department to make available to the Navajo Nation and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe immediately after the blowout and in the intervening months? What did you have, and how did you handle it?    Mr. Young. What I am leading up to, you know, the Navajo Nation and the Southern Ute Tribes are really sophisticated. Their tribes have gone a long ways. I am going to be introducing legislation--I am sure with other people--that, because of their expertise in environmental protection themselves, I would like to have a bill that would allow them to contract that work--not the EPA and not yourself. You would be the auditors of what is going to be proposed.    If that were the case, what would be the position of your Department?    Mr. Young. I will guarantee you that we will give you the specifics of what will happen, because I have noticed the agencies themselves have reluctance to let those people directly affected, when they have the expertise, do the work. I am terribly disappointed in your Department in a lot of areas in my state and, of course, with the EPA overall.    This is going to come down the pike, so I want you to consider it. If they cannot do the job, they do not get the job. If they get the job, then you ought to be able to say, ``This is the law, they are going to have the job to do the cleanup.'' And it goes back for all your mines. There is no reason why you cannot have the areas that are directly affected.    What was your immediate contact with EPA? Did they contact you, or did you contact them?    Mr. Young. Is there any of this, ``It is my job, it is not my job, it is your job, it is your fault, it is not my fault,'' between the two agencies?    Mr. Young. Who do you have on the ground now from the Department or EPA auditing this program?    Mr. Young. Now.    Mr. Young. Is there anybody on the ground from either one of the agencies?    Mr. Young. Are they there?    Mr. Young. Well, my point is that you are in charge, as Secretary of the BIA. The BIA is in charge of the reservation. Is that correct?    Mr. Young. What is the effect upon the reservation land and the water that those people are consuming? Are you bird-dogging or is it just EPA?    Mr. Young. We will check that with the tribe, to see what results we are having from it.    Mr. Young. It is your responsibility. My basic complaint about the Department all this time--you have Bureau of Mines, da da da da da, and right at the very bottom is BIA, the last one to be heard from. They should be the lead agency of this, because of the standard of the Navajo and the Utes; and you ought to be aggressive about this, not them.    Mr. Young. Yes?    Mr. Young. All due respects, I can tell you this is not a new unit, not a new agency. And I think you have done a lousy job, because they are at the bottom of the list.    The Chairman. OK, thank you.    Mr. Sablan, you are recognized. Oh. OK, let's yield to Ms. Tsongas, then. Thank you.