    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you two for testifying today, and I apologize for not having been here but you know how it is. We are between two committee hearings. So I didn't hear it all, so some of the stuff I might have to ask or say might be repetitive. And for that I apologize, but that is what we do here.    I guess I want to put things in perspective. As I understand it, there are about 9,000 HUD employees. Is that a reasonable estimate?    Mr. Capuano. So, about 8,000 employees, and looking at a list--give or take a dozen names, 15 names here, of people who have committed acts that are questionable, ranging from the terrible, horrendous crime of nepotism, trying to help a family member--which I know is against the rules, I get that--but I don't think any of us want to send anybody to Sing-Sing for that. We want to make sure it doesn't happen to the best of our ability, but there are worse--two other people who stole large sums of money, and maybe some other things.    That means roughly--my calculations--0.1 percent of the employees have committed significant enough issues for you to get involved in. Not that that forgives the individual actions at all, but I just don't want anybody to walk away with the idea that somehow HUD or any other agency that I am aware of is full of people, all of whom want to commit nefarious, terrible actions.    I know that is not your intention, but sometimes when we sit here and only talk about the bad actors that is what some people hear at home: that the world is full of bad actors. And for me, I am a former mayor, as are some of my other colleagues. A lot of our time is spent dealing with people who do things they shouldn't be doing.    We don't spend our time and effort, as you don't spend much of your time, with people who have done the good things. Because that is not what you are there for. You are there to police it and to do all those things. And that is the right thing. And from everything I have heard, you have done a great job, and the IG's office is an area that we all expect and we all support and appreciate. But I don't want anybody listening to this to think that somehow everybody at HUD is scheming to try to deal around the edges.    I know that for me, one of my biggest problems was my police officers. Because, again, they only dealt with people, every day, who had committed some action that was wrong, either speeding or 10 times worse. And sometimes they might forget that 99.9 percent of us are good, law-abiding citizens. Actually, that is my problem right now, my NSA problem, but that is a different issue.    So I just wanted to be clear about that. To me, I think that is important. And I really do think that--I guess the other thing I heard is that there was some concern about unions. I want to be really clear. In my--I have negotiated with unions, and unions are there.    You never--unions don't have to come defend their 99.9 percent good members. They only step up when there is a wrongdoing to defend their members to make sure that they get proper treatment. So I--again, that is their job. It is like a lawyer. They have a responsibility to their membership to make sure that their membership really did do a bad act that was not overly punished.    And to be perfectly honest, the only thing I found problematic about your written testimony is the fair amount of time spent on differences of opinion on category or degree of punishment. You think that some people should have been punished more severely than they might have been.    I guess that is fair. But I also don't think that is really--I don't think that is a measure of whether you have been successful or whether HUD is a good agency. That is a reasonable difference of opinion. I personally think that, for instance, most of the people on Wall Street who did bad things all got off. They all got off. Nobody from Wall Street has paid an ounce of contrition for the actions they took in 2006, 2007, and 2008.    So I understand the problems, but I don't want to lose focus as to what we are here for. We are here to make sure that HUD employees--and that is your job--toe the line. And when there is a wrongdoing, that the HUD administration helps you and others correct that situation.    And from what I have seen and what I have read on you, most of that has happened. Is that a wrong impression? Is that a wrong conclusion, from your report?    Mr. Capuano. And do you feel that the current Administration is doing--I am getting--not necessarily everything you are going to want, but are they--grade them on a scale of one to 10; 10 being perfect, being you being the guy making the decision, one being, I don't know, the most unethical person in the world making the decision. What would you give them as a grade?    Mr. Capuano. I just want to point out for the record that no one has ever given me a ``10'' on anything. So, that is pretty good.    Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.