    Mr. Messer. I thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for their leadership on this important issue. Certainly thank the panelists as well for being here today an issue that I think a lot of parents are concerned about and yet don't they don't know a lot about either; that we are trying to wade our way through the issue.    You know, several testimonies have mentioned that the Student Privacy Pledge--thank you, Ms. Knox--and actually, Ms. Sevier and the PTA and the parent organizations that were part of our efforts to pull that together--obviously, we don't have a law today. So to have at least 100 industry leaders step forward and make clear that we ought to do some simple things, like not sell student information, not behaviorally target advertising, use data for authorized educational purposes only, and all the rest of the pats of the pledge.    You remember from our meetings together before, I have believed all along that the pledge alone wouldn't be enough, and that we ought to look at other ways that we can legally protect parents' rights to protect their child's privacy.    Yesterday in the ESEA bill we had an amendment that dealt with that. I think amending FERPA is part of that, as well. And looking at what other additional protections that we are seeing at the states could we could supply up here, like Mr. Polis and I are working on. Maybe a federal version. Not exactly the same, but a bill that would mirror the HPPA law that you know of in California.    I wanted to maybe start with Ms. Abshire and expound on the testimony at the end of the last questions. You know, it is important here that we protect student privacy. But it is also important that we make--ensure that any new laws intended to create student privacy don't create--that are intended to create a student privacy floor do not also create a digital learning ceiling.    And could you expound on that a little bit, reference--how do we find that spot in policy where we are protecting students and their privacy concerns, but still getting the remarkable educational benefits that come from having this kind of aggregated data?    Mr. Messer. Sure.    Mr. Messer. Yes. Thank you very much. You know, I would just say again thank the Chairman for today's hearing. Thank the witnesses for your remarkable testimony.    There are incredible benefits to student learning that come from this data. But as you heard from the testimony today, parents are worried about protecting their children first.    Ms. Sevier, you want to finish?    Mr. Messer. Great point. Thank you.