    Mrs. Lowey. I thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I apologize, but as you know, Chairman Rogers and I wish we had roller skates. There are about three or four hearings going on at the same time.    But this hearing is so very important to me I wanted to be sure that I was able to join you, and I thank you, Dr. Ostroff. I thank you, Jay Tyler. Thank you for being here today.    I want to focus on the FDA's ability to regulate new tobacco products, including e-cigarettes. Now, according to the CDC and FDA, the use of e-cigarettes has tripled in just one year between 2013 and 2014, and now exceeds youth use of regular cigarettes.    You can tell by the tone of my voice, I am horrified by this. Medical studies are clear that nicotine, which is a central ingredient in e-cigarettes, is highly addictive and that nicotine exposure can harm the adolescent brain, cause cognitive impairment, attention deficits and other health issues.    The FDA should have the power and the resources to regulate tobacco products, to make sure consumers are aware of the risks and that parents do not believe these products are safe for children to use.    The funding level for tobacco review was set many years ago in the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. I am concerned that once the tobacco regulations are finalized, thousands of tobacco products will have to be reviewed, and that the FDA will struggle to regulate these projects quickly.    First, when will you release the final deeming regulations?    Will the budget requests adequately provide the FDA with the funds necessary to regulate new tobacco products?    Mrs. Lowey. As you can see, I feel rather strongly.    Mrs. Lowey. And I just want to say one of these stores opened in my neighborhood, and I walk by and you see Tooty Fruity and every kind of cute name for these products.    Mrs. Lowey. May I ask you how long you have been working on this issue?    Mrs. Lowey. I just want to say that I just find it shocking that these stores are opening up in all of our districts, and there has been no rule out there and nobody publicly evaluating officially as to whether it is safe or not.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, thank you.    And do I have time for another questions?    Mrs. Lowey. You are very kind.    Eight major allergens are required to have a label displaying their inclusion on a list of ingredients on food packaging. This is an issue I worked on many years ago, and I am very pleased about that. People with celiac disease, all kinds of allergies, are really grateful for the work that we all did together.    Now, sesame is not one of them even though sesame allergies are estimated to afflict nearly a half a million Americans and growing, making it one of the six or seven most common food allergens. And for consumers with a sesame allergy and parents of children with the allergies, sesame is particularly troublesome because of its derivative ingredients that may not even mention sesame in the ingredients at all.    And for these consumers, it is difficult to know what products they can purchase, what they cannot, which could lead to significant harm. The FDA does have the ability under the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act to add new ingredients to the list of major food allergens.    Has the FDA considered adding sesame to the list of major food allergens?    Mrs. Lowey. Can you tell me what we can expect and how long will it take?    Now, I should just share with you my colleague who has been here probably as long as I have, maybe a little longer remember that at one point we did not have labels on food, and it took me five years. I could not get anybody on the other side of the aisle to sponsor the food labeling.    Finally Jim Greenwood, and some of you may remember Jim Greenwood, joined me on it, and then it passed on a unanimous vote of the Congress, which made me very pleased.    So I never knew about sesame at the time or we would have worked to include that, and signs continues to give us more information. So I just wonder since people are really suffering, getting very ill as a result of this, give me an idea of what it would take and how long would it take to include sesame and if you agree it should be considered one of the food allergens.    Mrs. Lowey. How long have you been working on this?    Mrs. Lowey. I wish you would get back to me and give me some approximate idea how long it will take.    Mrs. Lowey. Because I am particularly aware having worked on these issue for a very long time that this saves lives.    Mrs. Lowey. And saves a great deal of suffering.    Thank you, and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you for your work.