    Mr. Grumet. Well, thank you very much, Chairman Whitfield, Mr. Rush, and the resilient members of the committee. On behalf of the Bipartisan Policy Center, it is a pleasure to join you in this important discussion on the economic and policy architecture governing our Nation's energy abundance.    My testimony can be summarized into 3 main points. First, I want to applaud the committee for focusing on significant opportunities to strengthen North American energy integration and collaboration. North American energy security and self-sufficiency are, in fact, realistic goals that must be vigorously pursued, and not taken for granted.    My second point, Mr. Chairman, is that increased North American cooperation is a critical component of a larger effort to promote economic growth through efficient markets, to enhance North America's role in global energy trade, and to project U.S. power and global interests.    And my third point is that we must seize the opportunity to translate this strength of abundance into a long-term and sustainable energy strategy, and not allow this strength to result in unintended complacency.    In short, Mr. Chairman, this committee and Congress has the disorienting challenge of managing success, which is a new problem for our Nation when it comes to energy policy, and I think it creates real opportunities that we need to discuss.    So let me begin by saying a little bit about the energy integration and collaboration. I believe the provisions in this legislation that promote data quality and sharing, that coordinate planning and improve permitting and siting, are all essential to achieving the promise of North American energy security.    The opportunities are particularly pronounced in the case of Mexico. While U.S. companies have much to gain in increased trade with Mexico, it is hard to overstate the importance of energy production to the Mexican economy, and the broader U.S.-Mexican relationship. Even after years of decline, energy production remains a key source of high-paying jobs, and is responsible for actually \1/3\ of the Mexican Government's overall activities. If modernization efforts succeed, energy production could be a significant driver of Mexican economic development and individual opportunity. And the implications here are quite broad. The Bipartisan Policy Center believes that we must reform our Nation's broken immigration system. And while this hearing is not the place to discuss the challenges and intricacies of protecting the southern border or enhancing our legal immigration, there is no question that improved economic opportunity in Mexico is an essential component of successful and lasting immigration reform.    Let me turn now to the issue of siting. While our technology for producing energy has evolved dramatically over the last decades, our permitting policies date back to the 1950s and 1960s, and are poorly matched to our rapidly evolving needs. We commend the committee's substantive efforts to make the cross-border permitting process more transparent and predictable. BPC also commends the committee's political judgment in crafting this provision to exempt the still-pending Keystone decision. It is time to have a broad-based bipartisan energy debate that is explicitly beyond Keystone, and it is encouraging to see the committee working diligently to avoid a focus on symbolic disagreements in favor of producing an agenda that can secure broad bipartisan support and become law.    I would like to now move to the second point, which is a focus on the component that North America plays in the larger global picture. Our Nation has made, I think some very good progress of late supporting LNG exports, but as was discussed earlier, current restrictions on crude oil are undermining out commitment to efficient markets, they diminish our ability to promote free trade and fair trade, and they empower our adversaries who seek to use energy as a weapon. I cannot build upon Mr. Barton's string site of studies except to agree that there has been a spate of recent analyses that all conclude that adding a reliable supply of crude to the global market will continue to exert downward pressure and actually protect U.S. consumers.    My final point is on the challenge of how we use this abundance to promote our long-term sustainability and security needs. There is a broad critique of the abundance agenda that must be grappled with if we are going to secure the broad-based support for an effective national energy policy. The concern is that stable, low-cost supplies of oil and gas are undermining investment in the diverse array of technologies our Nation and the world will require over the next century to meet global demand, to protect our security interests, and to confront the risks of climate change. This legitimate concern, however, leads to very different policy pathways. The Bipartisan Policy Center believes that additional action must be taken to confront climate change, but we reject the idea that we should pursue a low-carbon future by erecting and undermining barriers to the resurgence of oil and gas production. Perpetuating inefficient markets and creating transportation and infrastructure bottlenecks in the hope of somehow reducing global reliance on fossil fuels is not an effective climate change strategy, and if anything, it will result in increased emissions. Instead, as we vigorously pursue the benefits of abundance, we must be equally determined in conducting the research and creating the incentives to develop and commercialize the next generation of energy breakthroughs. From carbon capture and storage, to utility-scale solar, to next generation biofuels, advanced nuclear energy storage, and an array of energy-saving technologies, we must find ways to encourage greater investment, despite the current low price environment.    America's hydrocarbon renaissance has given us the gift of time. The question before the committee and Congress is what do we do with this time.    In closing, the Bipartisan Policy Center looks forward to continuing to work with the committee as you build an architecture for abundance that grows our economy, enhances our security, and confronts domestic and global environmental threats.    Thank you.    Mr. Grumet. Thank you for that question, and I will note that usually you put the warm-up band before the rock star, so you might want to do that--all right, I am back. I think you make a very important point. We used to look at our headlines, and OPEC was having a meeting and there would be a chill through the land. Now, they can meet or not meet, it doesn't matter much to us if, in fact, we seize the opportunity of abundance. And I think our opportunities with Mexico are profound. We have to give a lot of credit to President Nieto for trying to reverse 60 years of an investment policy that basically discouraged first world technology. I think the opportunities to spend a lot of time working with Mexico on something that is pedestrian but incredibly important, and that is data quality. The ability to have North American energy security depends on having good data, shared analysis, shared understandings, and a transparency across our analytical platforms. That is a very boring but incredibly difficult and important thing to do. Our energy administration here is the gold standard, and I think we really should spend a lot of time, it is going to require some resources if we want Mexico to join us. If we had that shared data foundation and we have thoughtful laws that, as our colleagues have suggested, provide time for environmental deliberation, but then actually require a decision, I think we can have an integrated energy system that will raise both----    Mr. Grumet. I think that is something you could actually get done right now, that would be very true.    Mr. Grumet. I mean you make a very important point, and Dr. Dolzer's testimony referred to it as well, right. Electrons and molecules don't have a lot of concern about arbitrary political boundaries, and that is why we actually have to have a shared solution that brings the technology of the United States to bear on the issues in Mexico. We have to have shared agreements. And I am not going to try to get into a lengthy conversation about regional climate action in 60 seconds, but----    Mr. Grumet . I think there is a real opportunity to actually lift the Mexican system so that it actually has parity with the U.S.    Mr. Grumet. All I will say is----    Mr. Grumet . That we fundamentally have to find a way to burn coal in a way that meets our security interests and our environmental interests, and there is one way we can do that if we invest the resources to get it done. We are not doing that right now, so----