    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I agree with the chairman and the ranking member that our committee has a right and an obligation to obtain documents to fulfill our constitutional oversight responsibilities.    However, I also agree that we here on this committee have our own obligation to avoid making overly broad document demands to agencies. In many instances, by failing to ask for what we really need and instead demanding that agencies produce everything under the sun, we contribute to the very problem that leads us here today.    One need to look no further than the committee's ongoing IRS investigation to see how massive, overly broad document requests can make it difficult for any agency to comply in a reasonable timeframe. In 2014, our former chairman issued a subpoena to the head of the Federal Election Commission demanding copies of all emails sent or received from Lois Lerner going back to 1986, a time when emails barely even existed.    Mr. Meyer, DHS also received a subpoena from this committee last July. That subpoena demanded 18 categories of documents on the Secret Service. The time period for that subpoena was from January 1, 2013--I mean, 2000, excuse me, to July 9, 2015. Isn't that right?    Ms. Kelly. So DHS is being forced to research a 15-year time period. Is that correct?    Ms. Kelly. Can you briefly tell us what is involved in being required to produce documents that span a 15-year period?    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Is it something that could reasonably be done in the 2-week deadline DHS received in the subpoena?    Ms. Kelly. And is it more because of what you just described, is that the reason, where there are hardcopies and things like, or is there--do you have the staff to do it or----    Ms. Kelly. Okay. Mr. Chairman, if we're serious about addressing problems with agency delays in document production, it's imperative that we also examine ourselves. Instead of inundating agencies with overly broad document requests, we should focus on asking for only what we really, really need.    I yield back.    Ms. Kelly. Yes, I will.    Ms. Kelly. And I'll take back some of my time.    Ms. Kelly. Mr. Chairman, it is true we wanted to budget documents going back 15 years, but we didn't call you accusing you of failing to comply. And I----    Ms. Kelly. And I don't have much time, but I know they have produced about 15,000 pages of--or copies of documentation, so--I'm done.