    Ms. Piccone. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I am Josephine Piccone, Director of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's Yucca Mountain Directorate, which is responsible for leading the current review activities associated with the Yucca Mountain construction authorization application.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the NRC staff's completion of the Yucca Mountain Safety Evaluation Report. On November 18, 2013, the NRC Commission approved a memorandum and order setting a course of action for the Yucca Mountain licensing process, consistent with the Appeals Court decision on August 2013, and the resources available from previous unexpended appropriations to the NRC from the Nuclear Waste Fund. This course of action included the Commission directing the NRC staff to complete the Safety Evaluation Report. We completed the Safety Evaluation Report this past January within our cost estimate. I would like to acknowledge our talented review team of more than 40 agency experts in technical fields such as health physics, geology, seismology, hydrology, material sciences, structural engineering, and criticality safety, to name but a few. We also had an excellent legal staff providing valuable support and assistance from the NRC's federally funded research and development center, the Center for Nuclear Waste Regulatory Analyses, in San Antonio, Texas.    The Safety Evaluation Report documents the results of the staff's technical review of DOE's application. The NRC staff finds that DOE has met most, but not all, of the applicable regulatory requirements. Notably, the NRC staff finds that DOE's design and analysis of the proposed repository complies with the performance objectives and requirements both before and after the repository is closed.    These performance objectives and requirements, which are protective of public health and safety, include the requirements that the repository be composed of multiple barriers, requirements for the repository to meet certain radiation limits for individual protection and human intrusion, and separate standards for protection of groundwater. The staff also finds that DOE has addressed most of the general information, administrative, and programmatic requirements.    There are two specific requirements that DOE has not met that concern ownership of land and water rights. They are discussed in detail in Volume 4 of the Safety Evaluation Report. In addition, a supplement to DOE's environmental impact statement addressing groundwater issues has not been completed. Therefore, the NRC staff is not recommending issuance of a construction authorization at this time.    Publication of the Safety Evaluation Report is only one of several steps that need to occur before a decision can be made on the construction authorization application. A decision on whether to authorize construction can be made only after a supplement to DOE's Environmental Impact Statement has been prepared, a hearing has been conducted, and the Commission has completed its review of contested and uncontested issues. With regard to the first item, the Commission has directed the NRC staff to develop a supplement to DOE's Environmental Impact Statement covering certain groundwater issues.    The largest and most significant of the remaining steps to be completed before the Commission can reach a decision on whether to grant the construction authorization is the adjudicatory hearing, including consideration of approximately 300 pending contentions and any new or amended contentions. The NRC does not currently have sufficient remaining resources from the Nuclear Waste Fund to complete the hearing. Recently the Commission informed the Congress that it estimated that approximately $330 million would be needed for the NRC to complete the construction authorization proceeding.    This concludes my formal testimony on the NRC Safety Evaluation Report. I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you, and I look forward to continuing to work with you to advance NRC's important safety and security missions. I would be pleased to respond to questions you may have. Thank you.    Ms. Piccone. It is dependent on congressional action and appropriations to the Agency.    Ms. Piccone. Yes.    Ms. Piccone. I am sorry, Mr. Tonko. I don't have that information, but I can go back to staff and get that for the record for you.    Ms. Piccone. There are three things that are necessary for a decision to be made. One is the completion of the supplement to the Environmental Impact Statement, then the adjudicatory hearing, and then the Commission to make a decision on the contested and uncontested issues. It is hard to speculate on the length of time it would take for the adjudicatory proceeding. There are approximately 300 contentions and there may be additional new contentions or amended contentions. The adjudicatory hearing is suspended right now, and there is no schedule for a hearing.    Ms. Piccone. An interim policy?    Ms. Piccone. Well, the waste is being stored right now safely at nuclear power plants.    Ms. Piccone. I think that is a national policy decision, sir, and not NRC.    Ms. Piccone. Yes, as discussed in detail in Volume 4 of the Safety Evaluation Report, the geologic repository operations area, or the GROA, which is part of the repository, must be located on lands that are either acquired and under the jurisdiction and control of DOE or permanently withdrawn and reserved for its use. The land on which the repository operations area will be located must also be free and clear of significant encumbrances, such as mining rights deeds, rights of way, or other legal rights.    In its application, DOE explained that it submitted a land withdrawal legislation to Congress in 2007. Congress did not enact that bill and DOE has not completed any other land acquisition process. Therefore, NRC staff concludes that DOE has not acquired the lands needed for the repository operations area, nor have any necessary lands been permanently withdrawn and reserved for DOE's use. In addition, because DOE has not completed a land withdrawal or other acquisition process, DOE has not demonstrated that the land would be free and clear of significant encumbrances.    Ms. Piccone. That is what DOE submitted in their application. That is what NRC reviewed. DOE could submit additional information identifying other mechanisms and NRC would then review those as well.