    Dr. Gould. Thank you. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and members of the committee, I thank you for the opportunity to share my views on payment reform in oncology and specifically on the Cancer Care Payment Reform Act, H.R. 1934.    I am a practicing medical oncologist and Medical Director of Northwest Georgia Oncology Centers, a private community oncology practice headquartered in Marietta, Georgia. Additionally, I serve as President of the Community Oncology Alliance, COA, a nonprofit organization dedicated to advocating for community oncology practices and, most importantly, the patients they serve. Close to 70 percent of Americans with cancer are treated by private practice clinics. I finally want to mention, of relevance here, that I am the son of two parents who passed away from cancer.    Community oncology practices, such as mine, have struggled from major cuts to reimbursement by Medicare. For example, the decision by CMS to apply sequestration to the underlying costs of cancer drugs has led to many drugs being reimbursed for less than their acquisition price. As a result, over 300 practices have closed treatment sites and, more significantly, close to 550 practices have merged with hospital systems.    The data is clear on the consolidation of cancer care in the United States. It is creating access to care problems for patients in rural areas and, very significantly, increasing the costs of cancer care for seniors in the Medicare program. This unwanted trend has been documented by reports this year by the GAO and MedPAC.    Despite reimbursement pressures from Medicare, our practice, years ago, made a decision to ambitiously transform ourselves into a patient-centric Oncology Medical Home. Our goal was simple: to better control the costs of cancer care while enhancing the quality of the patient experience. Among other things, we improved care coordination for our patients, established a structured triage, initiated a comprehensive patient satisfaction survey, and developed our own treatment guidelines.    One benefit of this transformation is that same-day appointments are rarely available in our nonclinics. Therefore, if our patients are ill, they can come to our clinics rather than going to the hospital emergency room. Medicare moneys are saved by the avoidance of needless emergency room visits and hospitalizations, and the patients are happier by not being subjected to hours of waiting in the emergency room.    Our hard work has recently been recognized by the commission on cancer through their accreditation of our practice as one of the first Oncology Medical Homes. Our dedication to value-based care has led us to partnering with private payers and CMS on oncology payment reform pilots.    One program we and several others completed with UnitedHealthcare resulted in cancer care savings of 34 percent as compared to a case control group. The results were published in the peer-review ``Journal of Oncology Practice,'' a copy of which I have submitted with my remarks for the record.    We are also part of a national $19 million grant from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, CMMI. The grant funded the ``COME HOME'' pilot, which was designed to be a real world test of the oncology and medical home tenants. Findings from NORC at the University of Chicago, the independent research entity CMMI contracted with to measure results, were nothing short of remarkable. They showed an overall reduction of cancer care costs due to reduced hospitalizations, re-admissions, and emergency department utilizations. I have included these results with my written testimony.    I am here today to implore Congress to immediately pass the Cancer Care Reform Act, H.R. 1934, a bipartisan bill, introduced by Representatives Cathy McMorris Rodgers and Steve Israel. The bill lays out the specific plans for a demonstration project based on the Oncology Medical Home. It is built on successful models that have already been tested in the oncology payment reform with both private payers and CMS.    I commend Mrs. McMorris Rodgers for reaching out to practicing community oncologists for crafting her bill. In addition to support from oncologists, her legislation also has the support of patient groups, private payers, biotech companies, and pharmaceutical distributors. I also commend Congress for passing a fix to SGR, along with a path to meaningful payment reform. Community oncology practices like mine want to be part of the alternative payment reform path that the Energy and Commerce Committee developed in the SGR legislation. However, we need a Medicare alternative payment model in oncology for that to happen.    H.R. 1934 is a critical bridge to getting us to that point. I ask Congress to pass this important legislation that will lower the costs of cancer care while enhancing the quality of care for patients.    Thank you for your attention.    Dr. Gould. Yes.    Dr. Gould. Well, I see H.R. 1934 fitting like a hand in a glove with that mandate. As medical specialists, we all want to be judged on the quality of our work, and we want to be judged on measures that are relevant to our specialty, and we want to be judged on how satisfied patients are with the care they receive from us.    In addition, we understand in these days that costs are important, and we also want to take responsibility for our part of the rising health care costs. So the alternative payment model, H.R. 1934, meets all those needs in terms of payment reform, in which I applaud Medicare in terms of their moving from paying for the volume of services utilized to the quality of the services rendered to the patient.    Dr. Gould. Yes, sir. I fully agree with your remarks. Basically, it comes down to the physicians within a practice making the commitment that they want to transform their practice from the old way of doing things to the new way of doing things, which is not only taking care of the patient medically, but being more thoughtful in terms of the resources utilized to take care of that patient in making sure that whatever we do for that patient is going to have a meaningful impact on their health. And our national societies have put out the Choosing Wisely program, which outlines things that physicians calmly do that do not add value to the care of the patients, and there are certainly many more examples than what is put out by our national societies. So in our practice, for instance, as I mentioned, one of the things that we did was to implement treatment guidelines to make sure that all patients got state-of-the-art care that was appropriate.    Secondly, we talk at length about end-of-life care to make sure that the patient gets the appropriate end-of-life care, sometimes doing less is better than doing more.    Thirdly, we have made a big investment in the infrastructure of our practice by hiring almost a 1-to-1 ratio of physician extenders to physicians so that we have plenty of room in the office schedule to take in patients who need to be seen urgently as opposed to sending them to the emergency room.    A lot of times when patients get to the emergency room, they are seen by an ER doctor who doesn't have the level of comfort that we do in terms of treating these patients as an outpatient, and then these patients automatically get admitted.    And then, finally, in the development of our treatment guidelines, we always put the interests of the patient first in terms of what is the most effective treatment and the least toxic, and we do not take economics into the equation. So, all of those practice processes have made us a leader in the oncology medical home. And then, I have been a leader, personally, in terms of helping educate and in disseminating this model across the country.    Dr. Gould. Yes, sir. So, my practice has 21 physicians, and we have a pretty sophisticated management team. But at the end of the day, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, it really takes the commitment of the physicians to want to change and do a better job in controlling costs.    We all recognize that healthcare costs are spiraling out of control, and for us to get a handle on things is going to require that each stakeholder that has a hand in rising healthcare costs take responsibility. And the oncology medical home is the attempt by the community oncologists to control those things that they can, such as hospital utilization, making sure drug therapy is being used appropriately, doing a better job at the end of life where a lot of times treatments are not impactful in terms of the patient's quality and quantity of life.    So obviously, it is going to be a little easier for larger practices to make the transformation, but there are a lot of well-run, smaller practices that should be able to make the transition as well.    Dr. Gould. So it is not like one is better than the other. First of all, both programs have, as their heart and soul, the oncology medical home. I, personally, along with a lot of my community oncology colleagues, gave input to the Brookings Institute which helped craft the oncology care model. But the big difference between the two programs, and I can say we applied for the oncology care model, by the way, is the number of physicians that the programs touch. In the oncology care model, it is only open to 100 practices, whereas the H.R. 1934, that opens this new payment, alternative payment model, to up to 1,500 physicians. So, the impact of H.R. 1934 potentially is going to be much larger than the OCM.    Dr. Gould. Sure. Great, great point. Obviously, in my work as the chairman of the co-oncology medical steering committee, the first group that we interviewed to get their perspective on what is quality and value in terms of cancer care was the patients and the patients' advocacy groups. We interviewed a slew of patients and patient advocacy groups, and basically, kind of consolidated their needs, so to speak. And then, along with other providers we helped develop processes to make sure that those patient stakeholder needs are met. And as part of H.R. 1934, the oncology practices are not only required to report on quality measures that are driven by medical good care, but as part of that program, there is a patient satisfaction survey.    Dr. Gould. So anyway, there is a patient satisfaction survey built into----    Dr. Gould. Yes. I mean, I think they are designed to do exactly that. A lot of practices did not apply for the OCM because they just felt that the application was a bit onerous and opted not to apply, and if every practice in the country applied to OCM, it is only limited to 100 practices. So there has got to be another pathway, so to speak, that runs parallel to the OCM, and that is what H.R. 1934 is designed to fulfill.    Dr. Gould. What you are describing is a new concept in medical oncology that we hadn't talked about until a few years ago, and that is called the financial toxicities of our therapies, and not just the medical toxicities. Clearly, that is a concern to us at the Community Oncology Alliance, and we meet regularly with the pharmaceutical companies, and we make the points that you just made loud and clear.    Unfortunately, at this point, we have got limited ability to influence how the manufacturers price.    Dr. Gould. Yes, that is exactly where I was going.    Dr. Gould. So as I was saying, to contrast, we don't have a lot of control over how the manufacturers price their drugs, but what we do have control over is, one, how we utilize those drugs and making sure that those drugs are being utilized with the right patients at the right time for the right disease.    Secondly, we do control a large part of the healthcare dollars such as hospital utilization, emergency room utilization, and radiation therapies and radiology therapies. As community oncologists, we are imploring our colleagues to take more ownership of the health dollars that we do control, and the alternative payment models, such as the oncology care model and H.R. 1934, really not only give extra incentives to the practices to do a better job in controlling those dollars, because if they do a good job controlling the dollars, then there is a financial reward associated with that better utilization of the healthcare dollar, only if the quality of care is maintained.    Dr. Gould. Yes, sir. I would say that there are two forces in play here, we have what I like to call a push, then we have the pull. The push forces I would characterize as four major forces. We have increase in cost of doing business. Our costs go up just like everybody else, including for health care.    Secondly, we have had declining reimbursement, particularly from Medicare. And I mentioned one example, which was the sequestration cut.    Thirdly, we have the increased cost of doing business, particularly with the increasing regulatory environment. And then fourthly, we have the uncertainty of future Government programs and how that is going to impact Medicare reimbursement and so forth.    So on the other hand is the other force that I call the pull, which is that many hospitals have access to the 340B program, and for those hospitals to be able to access that program, they have to have contracted physicians, either directly employed or contracted through what we call a physician service agreement, or a PSA. And so, you know, with the increasing challenges in trying to run a practice, a lot of physicians are saying heck with it, I don't want to be bothered with all of this, I just want to be able to take care of my patients. And so the hospitals are singing a siren song, and these physicians are going to work for the hospitals and not worrying about the management of a practice.    Dr. Gould. That is correct, sir.    Dr. Gould. That is correct, I mean----    Dr. Gould. Yes, sir. And what happens is, those hospital practices now have more monies to compete for employees and doctors than what I have in private practice, and so, I go out of business and have to partner with hospitals as well.