    Mr. Stone. Thank you.    Chairman Duffy, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing.    In my written testimony, I make two broad points. The first is the need to focus not just on spending, but also on revenues in addressing our long-term budget challenges.    The second is to caution strongly against thinking that the statutory limit on Federal debt has a constructive role to play in addressing those challenges.    Budget deficits result from an imbalance between spending and revenue, rising debt relative to the size of the economy results from persistent large deficits, not from too much spending, per se. Any plausible amount of spending to meet society's needs is sustainable if there are sufficient revenues to avoid large deficits.    CBO projects that under current tax and spending policies, rising debt will ultimately prove unsustainable. This poses a serious challenge to policymakers. At the same time, as I discuss in the first part of my testimony, there is not an immediate crisis. Policymakers, however, will have to make hard choices in setting a future course that is both fiscally responsible and realistic about the levels of spending and taxes appropriate to the country's needs. These decisions need to be kept separate from the debt limit.    As I discussed in the second part of my testimony, the debt limit encourages reckless brinkmanship that makes it harder to work out the compromises necessary to achieve a sustainable deficit reduction agreement. As former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says in his recent book, refusing to raise the debt limit takes the economic well-being of the country hostage. That ought to be unacceptable, no matter what underlying issue is being contested.    Here are some key points from my written testimony, that I will be happy to elaborate on later. On trends in government spending and debt, which I will always speak of relative to the size of the economy, i.e., as a share of GDP rather than in dollar terms, I have four charts in my testimony that help illustrate the following points.    First, the financial crisis and the Great Recession were a major shock to the economy and the budget. But factors causing a surge in deficits and debt after 2008 were temporary revenue losses and spending increases due to the economic weakness and temporary tax cuts and spending increases to combat that weakness.    Those policies have largely abated as the economy has been recovering. Stimulus programs have phased down and policymakers have enacted new deficit-reduction policies.    Second, budget analysts have known for a long time that the aging of the population and rising health care costs are the drivers of long-term spending projections, not a problem of spending growing faster than the economy throughout the government.    The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities finds, for example, that program, that is non-interest, spending outside of Social Security and Medicare, is running below its historical average as a percent of GDP and is projected to fall further in the future.    Increasing generosity of benefits is not what is driving the increase in Social Security and Medicare spending. Rather, it is the rising share of the population eligible for benefits, and in Medicare rising health care costs, which affect public and private health care spending alike.    Historical levels of spending and revenues are a poor guide to what is required to meet 21st Century national needs and be fiscally responsible.    Third, and this is important, low-income programs are not a driver of long-term deficit projections. Specifically, outside of health care, Federal spending for low-income programs, including refundable tax credits, such as the earned income tax credit, are on track to fall below their 4-decade average of 2.1 percent of GDP in coming years--fall below.    Fourth, long-run fiscal sustainability does not require balanced budgets. For example, even though there were deficits in almost every year between World War II and the early 1970s, debt grew much more slowly than the economy, so the debt-to-GDP ratio fell dramatically.    Let me be brief about the debt limit. Setting a limit on debt is an ineffective means of controlling deficits. That is a direct quote from a 2010 CBO report. Debt subject to a statutory limit is a measure that has no economic or financial significance. CBO instead features debt held by the public, basically the sum of all past deficits minus surpluses, in its presentations because that public borrowing is what affects national saving and credit markets.    The debt limit is not innocuous if it is used politically and raises concerns that the United States might actually do the unthinkable and default on its financial obligations. It is not innocuous. Debt prioritization measures, like the ones we are talking about, do not mitigate that problem, even if it proves feasible to pull out and pay interest and Social Security obligations.    By appearing to make a default legitimate and manageable, it would heighten the risk that one would actually occur. Failing to pay other obligations in a protracted showdown would be like sequestration on steroids and would be damaging to the United States credit rating.    Thank you.    Mr. Stone. Risking default is reckless, yes.    Mr. Stone. I am saying that over history the existence of the debt limit has caused politicians to make, in voting on it on both sides, to make statements like that, but we reached a new level when we were using it to threaten shutting down the government as opposed to--    Mr. Stone. Demanding that the debt limit be raised as--look--    Mr. Stone. Yes, for all politicians who have used the debt limit, but it is a careless statement. But in circumstances where it is not meant to lead to a shutdown of the government, it is less reckless.    Mr. Stone. I don't.    Mr. Stone. Failing to raise the debt limit when it comes due, and when there are obligation to be paid, can create a crisis, yes.    Mr. Stone. We are not meeting all of our obligations. Under the Constitution, we have a debt limit and we have the requirement to meet all of our financial obligations. They are in conflict.    Mr. Stone. I don't think you would end the debate. Yes, Treasury has the ability to manage various things for a short period of time once the limit is formally reached. And yes, you could meet some of the obligations by paying principal and interest, but in a protracted shutdown, in a protracted situation, you would be not meeting other obligations and that doesn't inspire confidence when the rest of the world and creditors see people not getting paid.    Mr. Stone. Actually, there is a distinction. And in talking about Puerto Rico, and talking about Greece, that is not who we should be talking about when we are talking about the United States situation. We should be talking about Japan, which has a debt to GDP ratio of 200 percent and has no trouble borrowing.    The question is, how do financial markets react? Yes, down the road when U.S. debt to GDP is 400 percent, maybe we will have a financial crisis.    Mr. Stone. That is right.    Mr. Stone. But we would be defaulting in the sense of not paying obligations because we were honoring a debt ceiling that we imposed on ourselves. That is why the family analogy doesn't make any sense.    Families can set a credit card limit, and if the kid gets sick and they need to spend more they can raise it. It is not the credit card company cutting off families.    Mr. Stone. I didn't say the second.    Mr. Stone. No, it is not accurate. It is one thing when politicians are grandstanding over the debt limit. I am not defending the Treasury on whether they hid information or not. I am not commenting on that.    But the Treasury was very forthcoming about all of the steps it was going to take after you hit the debt limit to try to arrange payments and things, to try to prevent a default.    Mr. Stone. We can't spend a lot more than we take in. But in dollar terms, if we stabilize the debt--    Mr. Stone. Greece is a completely different example.    Mr. Stone. Greece cannot borrow in its own currency. Greece cannot--    Mr. Stone. I think that in 2011 when we had the debt ceiling crisis and we had a commission, we had a super committee in Congress to try to make decisions. It was a bipartisan failure to come up with a permanent solution. It is hard choices. It takes--    Mr. Stone. No, no, no, no, no.    Mr. Stone. No, I am not talking about a commission. I was talking about a committee of Congress, a super committee.    Mr. Stone. As I was saying, and Dr. Mitchell agrees, Japan is able to borrow with a debt ratio of 200 percent of GDP. And that is because Japan, the United States, and the U.K. borrow in their own currencies and have flexible exchange rates. That allows them to adjust.    Now, nobody here, including me, thinks that the current GDP projections are ultimately sustainable. We are discussing whether the debt limit is a worthwhile tool to try to discipline our spending.    Mr. Stone. And I strongly disagree with the idea that the debt limit has much to do with it or the prioritization. The prioritization makes sure that certain bills get paid and maybe some bondholders are happy with that, but there are a lot of bills that don't get paid and that doesn't make us look like a very fiscally responsible country and it makes it look like it is okay to not pay those bills in a protracted debt negotiation.    Mr. Stone. It may have calmed the markets, but it wouldn't have--it may have partially calmed the markets because--    Mr. Stone. They were worried about getting their money back.    Mr. Stone. We might not have seen that shifting away from certain securities, given the timing of it.    Mr. Stone. No, I didn't say it was never used to reach compromise, although--    Mr. Stone. As a bargaining chip, I don't view that. I view the risks much too high relative to any--    Mr. Stone. I will use a dramatic analogy. If you play Russian roulette and you pull a blank--    Mr. Stone. No, no.    Mr. Stone. Is the principal going to be repaid? Yes.    Mr. Stone. Yes.    Mr. Stone. We have obligations to honor all of our--we are required under the Constitution to honor all of our obligations. There is a conflict.    Mr. Stone. I think you are not asking legally, you are asking in a sense of--    Mr. Stone. Would the harm of not paying our financial obligations compare with a tiny amount of a study? No.    Mr. Stone. But for doctors, for hospitals--    Mr. Stone. You prioritize when you pass a budget and pass laws for appropriations.    Mr. Stone. And when the bills come due, you pay them.    Mr. Stone. It was fun.    