    Mr. Hardie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member and Members of this Committee for your service, for this hearing, and for the opportunity to speak with you today.    This is just a brief overview. There are more details in my written submission. I really hope that you'll take the time to read the few pages of it.    I'm Anthony Hardie, a 1991 Gulf War and Somalia veteran. I'm director of the Veterans for Common Sense, and while I've provided testimony on several occasions, today is especially notable. Exactly 25 years ago tonight, we launched the ground war of Operation Desert Storm and successfully liberated Kuwait. Tonight, I would like to--for us to remember and honor the nearly 300 warriors who made the ultimate sacrifice. I would also like us to remember and honor our Gulf War veterans, including those in this room and watching, and our leaders who led us to decisive military victory.    Our war was relatively short, but you've heard our stories before. And with one-fourth and one-third of us coming home with serious and debilitating health issues now known as Gulf War illness, we faced a new battle: a long war to obtain health care, effective health care, and VA assistance from entrenched government officials who seemed intent on minimization and denial at every turn. Even through to today, the VA describes our toxic wounds as medically unexplained. And, finally, in 1998, we won enactment of two landmark bills for Gulf War veterans to guarantee health care and benefits based on research. Yet from the beginning, VA officials circumvented their implementation that leads us to today.    The Institute of Medicine recently released its final report on the Gulf War and Health series under VA contract as directed by the 1998 legislation. It's highly problematic. As I walked through the airport on my way home from the report's release, the weight of the bag with nearly two decades of these IOM reports was heavy on my shoulder. And I want to show that weight.    My heart was even heavier because their collective weight has added little to nothing for Gulf War veterans. It has not associated any of our exposures with our health issues, and has added little towards the development of effective evidence-based treatments for Gulf War illness. The real weight is being borne by Gulf War illness--Gulf War veterans who are suffering from Gulf War illness. This new report recommends no further research using animal models of Gulf War toxic exposures, which amounts to rolling up the sidewalk on this promising avenue of Gulf War illness research just when it's beginning to unravel the underlying mechanisms of Gulf War illness and point to treatment targets. And these new--and this now affects not just non-VA CDMRP research, but VA research as well. In one section, it points out that the VA hasn't reported critical data, but in other, recommends ending research on a long list of health conditions, despite long histories of them in Gulf War veterans not reported by VA. While acknowledging Gulf War illness is a 1991 Gulf War signature condition, there were no Gulf War illness researchers on this panel. It recommends a shift to brain/body interconnectedness that departs from the scientific opinion that effective treatments, cures, and--it is hoped--preventions can likely be found. Instead, this is more like the 1990s, when VA and DoD officials, some of whom are involved in writing this report, denied Gulf War veterans toxic exposures, denied benefits, and failed to develop treatments or preventions. And now VA and DoD have developed a clinical practice guideline that goes back to the very darkest days of the 1990s, authored by some of these same old names and ideas.    Despite VA public statements to the contrary, including to this Committee, this guide for VA and DoD doctors is filled with references to psychosomatic and somatoform disorders; 52 times, to be exact. Its primary recommendations for Gulf War illness are cognitive behavioral therapy or talk therapy, exercise, and psychotropic drugs. Suicidal ideation is listed in the guide as a notable adverse effect for every single one of those medications at a time when we have a suicide crisis amongst veterans. VA has active Gulf War veteran studies on CBT and exercise, but somehow still recommends them as evidence-based in this definitive guide. Twenty-five years after our war, VA has circumvented most of the aims of the 1998 laws intended to help us. In addition to the above, VA lost its registry--lost its registry--for Gulf War spouses and children; ignored and then gutted the Gulf War Research Advisory committee; misleads Congress in its reports to Congress; found no link between Gulf War exposures in Congress, including in these manuals; identified almost no new presumptives. If we measure VA's success by how it's improved Gulf War veterans health 25 years after the war, VA still has not a single evidence-based treatment for Gulf War illness. Others among us have died of ALS, brain cancer, and suicide. And only since the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program was enacted through the support of many on this committee has VA even begun to look at developing treatments. And while there is real research progress, most of it is being made outside of and in spite of VA in the CDMRP, thanks to many of your support. Twenty-five years later, one-fourth to one-third of us Gulf War veterans continue to struggle with the health and life effects of Gulf War illness. We must not allow--we must not continue to allow VA and DoD to substitute risk communication for evidence-based health care, psychosomatic drugs for treatment-focused research, spin for substance, or don't look/don't find for the objective collection analysis and reporting of deployment health outcomes. The letter, the spirit, and the intent of the 1998 Persian Gulf War laws that we fought so hard to win have yet to be achieved.    And, again, this is just a brief overview. On this 25th anniversary of the Gulf War, our Gulf War veterans deserve the very best that modern science and the U.S. Government can offer to improve their health and lives.    Mr. Chairman, as one of our Gulf War veterans and Members of this powerful Committee, please join together and with your colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both Houses and help fix these serious issues once and for all. My fellow Gulf War veteran David Winnett and I look forward to your questions. Thank you, again, for this opportunity.    Mr. Hardie. Yes, sir.    Mr. Coffman .--that were blown in place that the Department of Defense denied. Do you remember what the name of the location was, primary location was, and the date--    Mr. Hardie. Yes. Mr. Chairman, it was in early March of 1991, after the end of the war. It was at a place called Khamisiyah, and candidly, it was the only one of the incidents that we Gulf War veterans were ever able to get DoD to admit to. There were many others.    Mr. Hardie. Yes.    Mr. Hardie. Well, Mr. Chairman, my understanding--my recollection that it was about 5 years.    Mr. Hardie. About 1996. And, again, to emphasize, as you just said, that was one of--that was the only incident that we were successfully able to get DoD to acknowledge. And all that information, that evidence, came from Freedom of Information Act requests from a large number of veteran advocates out there who did an incredible job of digging up and finding out what DoD and VA and the CIA did not want to--    Mr. Hardie. Pyridostigmine bromide, sir.    Mr. Hardie. That's correct. My understanding, though, is that DoD has recently approved them now for use. And that's extremely concerning, given the health effects that me and the men in my unit had. I can't understand how that's even possible.    Mr. Hardie. So, sir, it was an anti-nerve-agent prophylactic--    Mr. Hardie. It was in order to help to improve the survivability if we were hit with one particular nerve agent. Although now research by Dr. White and others has shown that this drug in combination with other chemicals is extremely problematic and--for health, and causes Gulf War illness-like symptoms in laboratory animals. The kind of research that the IOM report recommends ending.    Mr. Hardie. Mr. Chairman, I don't feel that any of it has been adequately researched. I think the VA has done an atrocious job. I think that many of the--there's a long list of conditions in the 1998 laws that were supposed to be--VA was supposed to contract with IOM for. Many of those were never researched, including low levels of mustard, which we know was in the January 19 plumes drifting over the troops. The studies of sarin failed to connect illness in animals exposed to sarin with human health outcomes. That's extremely problematic. And, of course, these days, we're not putting human beings into a gas chamber exposing them to a deadly nerve agent like sarin. So there's this impossible, impossible standard that has prevented the 1998 laws from ever being achieved. Again, I don't believe any of the substances have been adequately researched or in the right ways.    Mr. Hardie. That's a more complicated question, sir. I don't have--I have my own beliefs. But I don't have a good explanation. I do say that it's extraordinarily disappointing, particularly that those logs--General Schwarzkopf's logs disappeared. I served in an intelligence role in the 1991 Gulf War and kept logs of my own, which have never been able to--have been found. My entire unit's medical records have--I'm sorry. Our medical records disappeared. It took a year for our personnel records to show back up as well. And there were a series of chemical incidents, including one nearby to where I was located, where we were--the messages that I was logging were that chemical warfare agents were detected, were confirmed, were confirmed again, and then suddenly it all went away. And the evidence that Gulf War veterans uncovered through Freedom of Information Act requests showed that over and over and over again, the DoD, the CIA, and the VA have all fought all of that across the board. And what we--and it's very clear to all of us. We came back home sick. Twenty-five years later, we've got a stack of volumes that hasn't helped us. We need to do better.    Mr. Hardie. Maybe if I go first and then Dr. White will have probably other things to add as well. But so there is hope through the efforts of many here in this room, including, thank you, Dr. Roe and Mr. Walz for your leadership in--with the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program, and for many of you who have signed on in support of that program. It was created in fiscal year 2006, and has shown great progress. But, again, outside of and in spite of the VA, which is now doing some good things thanks to the work of Dr. Kalasinsky, but has a long, long, long ways to go. About a third of the studies funded through this program are testing actual treatments that might help the health and lives of ill Gulf War veterans. The other two-thirds are studies that are aimed at Gulf War illness' underlying mechanisms. They include critically important animal studies that test exposures and measure health outcomes, again, the kinds of things that are now threatened by this IOM report. They identify treatment targets. They test treatments. There are three that have--three treatments--again, much of this is still in the pipeline, but there are three that have been shown to be effective in limited numbers as well: Coenzyme Q-10, carnosine and acupuncture for pain. I take CoQ10 every day. It helps me in a--it helps me a great deal. It's not a cure, but it certainly makes a difference. I've heard the same from other Gulf War veterans. I'm pleased to hear that now we have this study coming from--that will advance it. But, again, it's not a cure. I take it every day. And I can tell you that we have a long--we have--but we're making the progress now through this program. And we hope that VA would finally get onboard with making the systemic changes that need to happen, including in its badly broken Office of Public Health.