    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to our witnesses for coming today, and for your testimony at an important hearing. I want to touch base a little bit on the improper payment rate, and put that in context. Medicaid program provides about 70 million low income and disabled Americans with vital health care services, and we must do everything we can to strengthen it and protect it. As you have heard from my colleagues here this morning, no one, Democrat or Republican, is in favor of fraud. We clearly want to make sure this program is as lean as it possibly can be, and that the people that need help and need the services are getting them.    So, to that end, Mr. Bagdoyan, I would like to begin with you. Since its peak of 9.4 percent in 2010, the improper payments rate for the Medicaid program has steadily decreased, reaching a low of 5.8 percent in 2013, or $14.4 billion. That number rose to 6.7 percent in 2014, or $17.5 billion. Is that right?    Mr. Kennedy. So I want to dig into that number a little bit deeper and see if I can better understand the dynamics that are, in fact, driving that improper payment rate. The ACA provided CMS with a number of new tools to strengthen program integrity in the Medicaid program. In 2011 CMS established a new risk-based screening procedure for Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP providers. CMS also promulgated new regulations, requiring the states to use electronic data maintained by the Federal Government to verity and revalidate beneficiary eligibility through the data services hub.    So, Dr. Agrawal, let us break down that payment rate into its relevant components. I know you touched on this a little bit earlier. If I understand this correctly, Payment Rate Measurement Program, or PRM, measures error rates both overall for the Medicaid program, as well as for certain subcategories, fee-for-service, managed care, and beneficiary eligibility. Is that right?    Mr. Kennedy. So what has happened to that beneficiary eligibility error rate since 2011?    Mr. Kennedy. So the error rate for--beneficiary eligibility rate cut in half, declined by three percent. Is that a substantial improvement, major improvement, small improvement? How do you characterize it?    Mr. Kennedy. And so what is driving that improvement, then? Is it the result of, in your opinion, the work CMS has been doing to implement the new program integrity tools in the ACA? Is it something else? What is behind the success?    Mr. Kennedy. Given that large drop in the error rate for beneficiary eligibility, what factors are driving the increase in the overall PERM rate? And I realize you touched on this a little while ago, but if you could flesh that out a little bit for me?    Mr. Kennedy. And how do we get those other states to pick up the pace?    Mr. Kennedy. What, if anything, can this committee do to help you with that?    Mr. Kennedy. You are welcome.    Mr. Kennedy. And, again, just putting this in context, if I understand Mr. Bagdoyan, the GAO report, it was four states, yes?    Mr. Kennedy. And it covered 9.2 million Medicaid beneficiaries, right?    Mr. Kennedy. And I know we talked a little bit about the 200 or so deceased beneficiaries that received payment. If we were to put that--just so I understand it, that is 200 out of 9.2 million, right?    Mr. Kennedy. Right. If we wanted to put that in that percentage, though, if you take my word for it that my iPhone calculator ain't so bad, that is .00002, four zeros and then a two--as far as error rates go, nothing is acceptable, but we are doing OK if it is 200 out of 9.2 million, right? You guys are doing your jobs?    Mr. Kennedy. Well, thank you for your work on this. Thank you for your research, and being here today, and highlighting an important issue for the hearing.