    Mr. Cottingham. Thank you. How do I turn this on? Okay.    Thank you, Madam Chairwoman, and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to offer my support for H.R. 2215 and to explain why the Department of Labor rule, Executive Order 13658, threatens the viability of my program and numerous similar travel camp programs and summer camps for youth operating on public lands.    In 1973, my wife and I quit our teaching jobs in order to create an alternative educational experience for young people. The purpose of our program has been to assist young men and women in becoming responsible adults through team building, group living, and caring for one another in challenging outdoor activities.    Since 1973, we have produced--provided life-altering experiences for over 24,000 young adults, including children of several Governors, Congressmen and women, and Senators. Our staff--our self-funded scholarship program enables at least 30 deserving young people, who couldn't afford otherwise, to participate in these experiences each summer.    Our programs operate in 17 federally designated wilderness areas in 12 national parks throughout the United States. These adventures range from 2 to 5 weeks in length and usually involve our subcontracting activities such as rock climbing and white water rafting. Executive Order 13658 would require our monitoring compliance of over 30 subcontractors we work with operating on Federal lands, which would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, for us from both a personnel and a financial perspective.    If they fail to meet the requirements of the Department of Labor rule and do not pay their staff the higher minimum wage for Federal contractors, then we would have to make up the difference. Each summer, we hire between 80 and 100 leaders who are current college students and graduate students. They work 6 weeks on average while they guide our groups on public lands. They also participate as clients with our students on a variety of subcontracted activities, such as climbing Washington's Mount Rainier or Wyoming's Grand Teton or rafting for 4 days on Idaho's Salmon River or Utah's Colorado River. As is the case with hundreds of summer camps and other similar travel camp programs for youth, we must price our programs competitively.    The implementation of the Department of Labor rule would not only be impossible to calculate but would be impossible for anyone in the summer camp industry to afford, as it would increase our salaries dramatically. Implementation of Executive Order 13658 would shut down many summer programs for youth unless they were eligible for an exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act as it would be impossible to meet the payroll requirements of camp counselors who must be on call 24 hours a day for multiweek employment periods    As a seasonal educational summer program for teens, we also view ourselves as a training program for young leaders. Nearly all of our staff members view their time with us as a break from the rigors of school or as a final opportunity to share their love for the outdoors with youth before they pursue life--full-time careers in law, business, medicine, the arts, et cetera.    Leading a group of young adults for several weeks is a challenging and very fulfilling opportunity as it provides a platform for--which stresses responsibility, accountability, organization, and many other life skills required for success. I always tell my staff if you can successfully lead one of our programs, you are well prepared for future and larger challenges.    I very much appreciate your attention to this issue and to the corrective action of H.R. 2215, which will be necessary to save many summer camps and travel camp programs similar to mine from going out of business. Thank you.    Mr. Cottingham. Yes, ma'am. First of all, implementation of this would basically put me out of business. It's--would--our average salaries are about $2,500 a summer, and it would turn the industry, at least for teenagers and summer camps for children, into elitist opportunities only for people with a ton of money who could possibly afford it, and I see that as a real, real problem.    Mr. Cottingham. Well, no. It could not make it more successful. I would not be able to have a clientele except for maybe 50 or 100 people who could probably afford to pay what I would have to charge.    Mr. Cottingham. Totally reduce staff or go out of business in my particular case, yeah.    Mr. Cottingham. First of all, in my particular situation, my employees are on duty 24 hours a day.    Mr. Cottingham. So we are talking about a minimum wage plus overtime on a 96-hour week if my calculations are correct, and that type of level of wage is simply not possible in the summer camp industry. It's just not possible to achieve, and--did I answer that question to your----    Mr. Cottingham. Yes, go ahead.    Mr. Cottingham. Yes. It's my understanding, Congresswoman, that the--you know, you have to obviously get sleep when you can get sleep, but----    Mr. Cottingham. No, no, they get paid on a salary basis.    Mr. Cottingham. No, they do not.    Mr. Cottingham. That is correct.    Mr. Cottingham. I don't think any of my employees are suffering low morale. If you can climb Mount Rainier in the summer, kayak in Glacier Bay National Park, it is an amazing opportunity. And they love working with kids. They love sharing their love for the out of doors.    Mr. Cottingham. It would require another full-time employee, at least one, in my office--at least one to monitor all of this. And it would keep--it would also require my leaders to keep logs in the back country, which is another hindrance to their primary charge, and that is the wellbeing and the care of the young adults that they're working with. And I see that that would be--would be very burdensome.    Mr. Cottingham. Congresswoman Lawrence, I have been in the business for--this will be the 43rd year.    Mr. Cottingham. Some years, yes. Not all.    Mr. Cottingham. Most certainly, as cost of living has increased. Yes.    Mr. Cottingham. Well, I've been in business for 43 years, and I don't know how many employees I've had over all those years. A lot. I've never met a mountain guide on Mount Rainier, Grand Teton, Mount Shasta, I've never met a river rafting guide on any of the rivers I've run who had low morale engaging in those kinds of activities.    When I led for the first 9 years--I didn't just start a company and hire a bunch of people. I actually led. I led for 9 straight years with my wife. And those were the finest, most rewarding summers I ever had in my life. And when I hire a young person today, as a leader, I am so thrilled that they have an opportunity to have the experience that I had.    So I would just like to add that because I think it--you--the Department of Labor misses the whole point about the need for this exemption, because these jobs are for people who are not--in my particular case, I can tell you that they aren't people who are trying to put bread on the table and feed their families. They are people who are doing this because they just love the opportunity to share their enthusiasm. It's a pretty amazing group of people.    Mr. Cottingham. Excuse me. I don't quite understand $300 to $500. What are you referring to? Our average salary is approximately $2,500 for a 6- to 7-week employment period.    Mr. Cottingham. Six to seven weeks.    Mr. Cottingham. Twenty-five hundred dollars, plus they are getting the bonuses of being able to climb major peaks, raft rivers and----    Mr. Cottingham. I didn't say anything about $300 to $500.    Mr. Cottingham. Yeah. No.