    Ms. Higgs. Thank you very much, Chairman Donovan and Ranking Member Payne, for convening this hearing on the importance of preparedness and resiliency and inviting me to testify on this critical topic.    New Jersey Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster, or NJVOAD's mission is to bring together New Jersey organizations in disaster response and recovery in order to offer more effective services to people and communities affected by disaster. Our success derives from strong relationships built on the foundation of the four C's, which are cooperation, communication, coordination, and collaboration.    It is my belief that these same foundational building blocks have contributed to many successful partnerships, projects, and outcomes in the aftermath of Sandy. Conversely, when these key ingredients were not present, programs struggled and/or failed.    There have been many lessons learned throughout Sandy recovery, but my testimony today will focus on 4 areas.    First, the need to build partnerships and relationships at the local, county, and regional level before disaster strikes.    Second, the need for early education and outreach to impacted households.    Third, the importance of building partnerships with the philanthropic community and advocating for funding allocation decisions which sustain true long-term recovery efforts.    Fourth, the need for coordination and continuity in the development and implementation of State-managed programs utilizing community development and social service block grant funds.    With the support of the Corporation for National Community Service, grants utilized VISTAs, or Volunteers in Service to America, to build capacity. NJVOAD has been able to establish a VOAD presence in every county in New Jersey, and this is pretty remarkable because there were only 6 in place before Sandy struck. We saw the benefit of this in Bergen County, where the VOAD had a strong network of area non-profits and a solid relationship with the Office of Emergency Management prior to Sandy. As a result, they were able to quickly mobilize non-profit resources for response and recovery efforts in impacted communities.    Sadly, Hudson County, Essex County, and Union, and many of the most impacted counties to the south of Bergen, did not have a VOAD in place prior to Sandy, and as a result they needed a tremendous amount of support in identifying partners and resources, which delayed the speed and efficiency of service delivery to impacted individuals.    NJVOAD worked in these and all 21 counties throughout the State to identify non-profit and governmental partners to join the VOAD to coordinate outreach events, to identify leadership to ensure regular meetings and training, and to organize individual structures that meet the unique needs of each of these communities.    Other States are looking at NJVOAD's program as a model for resiliency, and we are working with our Corporation for National Community Service and our FEMA Region 2 partners to replicate these efforts through a regional pilot program.    Almost 4 years post-Sandy, the need for recovery support far outweighs the remaining non-profit resources. The remaining cases consist primarily of low-income households with limited means for recovery, or moderate-income households that encountered several challenges navigating the complicated recovery road. Many of these households began recovery work before documenting the damage, and they have not been able to provide sufficient proof of that damage to receive the funds they should be entitled to through the National Flood Insurance Program. Others signed contracts they could not afford or hired disreputable contractors to complete recovery work.    NJVOAD is developing educational resources to be utilized in future disasters so that impacted homeowners can make informed decisions before beginning their recovery.    NJVOAD is also working closely with the philanthropic community to identify collaborative solutions which will provide for a more effective and sustainable funding stream for future disasters. Education extending to our Government partners and the public is critical to ensure better understanding of the need for funding to sustain recovery efforts long term.    The majority of money is donated in the days and weeks following a major disaster, with the expectation and sometimes the mandate that these funds get out immediately, but that is not when donated dollars are most needed. NJVOAD hopes to establish a State-wide advisory group with representatives from the philanthropic, Government, and non-profit communities to provide guidance and expertise specific to the disaster at hand.    The struggle to navigate the State recovery programs remains one of the biggest challenges faced by New Jersey Sandy survivors and non-profit organizations. For instance, RREM, which is New Jersey's Rebuild program, was developed without consideration of funding for rental assistance, which can and should be covered by block grants. Millions of non-profit donated dollars were expended on rental assistance so that Sandy survivors could maintain mortgages on uninhabitable homes. Attempts to advocate with State and Federal agencies to address this and other deficiencies were not productive, as each held the other accountable for roadblocks to progress.    NJVOAD has forged relationships with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs, and we have seen small concessions, but much improvement is needed in how these programs are designed and integrated into the overall disaster recovery framework. A stronger citizen action plan should be mandated which requires input and involvement by disaster survivors and recovery entities during the formation of any proposed disaster recovery action plan. Additionally, better integration and staffing of the joint field offices to include State decision makers responsible for the development and implementation of recovery programs could go a long way in future coordination and integration of Governmental programs.    NJVOAD is committed to working with our public- and private-sector partners to be part of the solution in implementing lessons learned from Sandy and preparing our communities to weather whatever storms might lie ahead.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions.    Ms. Higgs. I think that what we did in New Jersey is where there wasn't a VOAD present at the county level previously, we worked with long-term recovery organizations as they started to sort-of get defunded, and made sure that we maintained those relationships around the table so that all the things that you learned from Sandy, you will keep those relationships in place and know them for the next disaster, whatever that might be. So the VOAD movement was born out of the desire to reduce the amount of duplication of benefits and services and resources that are out there, because we know that non-profits have very limited resources. We don't want to all be doing the same thing. Let's work together and divide and conquer.    Ms. Higgs. I would echo that. The non-profits are really the first to be there and the last to leave. So any additional support that can be given to provide additional financial, as well as infrastructure support for that to be in place I think is really important.    In New Jersey at the State level, there is a State VAL, or voluntary agency liaison, that is the representative that connects the Office of Emergency Management, which is run through the State Police, with the State VOAD and other non-profit organizations. So we enjoy a good relationship with the State Police, who is our Office of Emergency Management, and when disaster strikes NJVOAD has a seat at the rock, which is our State emergency operation center. We were there for weeks during Sandy. Then when other smaller-scale disasters have been on the horizon, when winter storm Jonas was hitting, and when Joaquim was sort-of threatening last October, we were convening calls in advance and working with our OEM partners.    What we are trying to do is make sure that that same relationship is replicated at the county level as well, to echo some of what Mr. Ignizio was saying before. We want to make sure that those relationships are there in place, and when we set up VOADs at the local level, at the community level, we have been successful in most of our counties. For example, in Hudson County and in Union County, the OEM coordinators are very active in the VOAD and getting that established, and we are hoping to have that repeated in Essex County as well as we are looking to start there.    Ms. Higgs. OK.    Ms. Higgs. I think when it comes to low-income households, they are the most vulnerable. Unfortunately, when disaster strikes, they are usually the hardest hit and the last to be able to start the recovery process. We have certainly seen that in New Jersey, especially in the urban communities that were impacted. I think anything that we can do--the non-profits are really sometimes the network where they feel most comfortable. What we found, especially in Newark, in the city of Newark, is that people went to their local churches and their houses of worship because that was where they felt most comfortable.    So again, I sort-of feel like I am preaching the VOAD mantra here, but having those community organizations and those local churches, being part of that network, is important because that is one of the ways to get that information out to a large network of people that would not necessarily hear the message otherwise.    Ms. Higgs. They were instrumental.    Ms. Higgs. Thank you for the opportunity to have a final word here. Coordination has sort of been straining throughout this whole thing, better coordination among our Federal agencies with the States, with the non-profits, just better coordination and cooperation throughout. I think one of the things that we have seen with what we have been able to do in New Jersey with some funding for our VOAD, we have been able to really see that happen at the State level and at the county level. When we presented on this at a National conference, all the other States were saying, how do we do this? We have been fortunate to get funding that we had from Hurricane Sandy that we have been able to use to leverage to do preparedness and resiliency work throughout the State.    VOAD is not a funded organization. I am the only staff person of a VOAD throughout the whole Nation. The National VOAD has staff, but none of the other States do. So the work that we have been able to do we were able to do through private funding that we were able to raise and a Corporation for National Community Service grant. I think what we would like to see is that effort replicated on a National level because we have shown that it really does work in New Jersey. We haven't--knock on wood--had the ability to test it in a live situation, but we are in a much better position now than we were 3\1/2\ years ago. It is because of an investment of funds in the non-profit structure throughout New Jersey to strengthen resiliency and preparedness throughout.    Ms. Higgs. We certainly could, and it is something we have looked at. From what I understand, they are generally applied State-by-State. So we as an organization could apply through the State of New Jersey. What we are really trying to do--we obviously want to continue to find some funds that would sustain on-going, but we really want to help the other 49 States and the territories to be able to replicate what we have been able to do in New Jersey because that just strengthens the overall infrastructure when it comes to that. So, yes, CDBG-DR funds are certainly an answer, but anything that we can do to really try to bring this outside of New Jersey's confines to help the Nation is something that we are hoping to do.