    Mrs. McAuliffe. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Scott and members of the committee for having me here today.    I am so grateful for the opportunity to be here this morning as you consider the reauthorization of our federal childhood nutrition programs. We all agree that nothing is more important to our future as a nation than the health, education and well-being of our next generation.    I know that much of your deliberations around this reauthorization will focus on what and how we serve our students and families through our nutrition programs. But my hope for my own testimony today is to make sure we remember why these programs are so important.    I come to this, first and foremost, not as a nutritional or educational expert, but simply as a mom. Programs like CEP, school breakfast, and summer food service are the best way we can help ensure our children in need take full advantage of the educational opportunities our schools provide and our taxpayers invest in.    In Virginia alone, we invest $5.5 billion in education. If we want to capture our return on that investment, we have to make sure our students are ready and able to learn when they are in our classrooms. It is both staggering and tragic to learn that, for the first time in at least 50 years, a majority, 51 percent, of public school children in the United States qualified for free and reduced lunches.    In Virginia, over 300,000 of our children are food insecure. That's one in six of our children. The impact of hunger and malnutrition on children is devastating, well documented, and obvious to anyone who is a parent or works with children.    For many children across the country and across Virginia, the meals they receive at school are the most consistent and best meal of the day. How do we prepare the next generation for the jobs of the 21st century if kids aren't strong, healthy and well educated? How can we expect our children to be hungry for knowledge if they are just plain hungry?    I have heard from administrators and teachers all across our state who agree that a hungry child cannot learn. One was Susan Mele, the principal at Stewartsville Elementary School in the rural community of Bedford County. Behavioral problems, tardiness and absenteeism are just a few of the effects of hunger Susan has witnessed in her school.    To respond to these challenges, Susan has combined universal school breakfast with responsive classroom, an approach to teaching that incorporates social-emotional learning as part of the academic day. Susan has seen an increase of 2 percentage points in overall student attendance, plus a significant decrease in trips to the office and tardy arrivals. And the result, Susan has seen a significant increase in academic performance.    Pamela Smith is a principal at Highland View Elementary School in Bristol in Southwest Virginia. Unfortunately, in a school like Highland View where issues of neglect, trauma and mental health are far too prevalent, Pamela has to meet the most basic needs of her students before she and her staff can even begin to teach.    Not only does Pamela make sure that her students start the day with a healthy meal, which she does with great success, but in many cases, the students need to be checked for bruises, be given clean clothes for the day, have their teeth and hair brushed, and just be loved and listened to.    What Pamela and her teachers and staff are doing for these children is, frankly, above and beyond what any school should be tasked with managing. But it is the reality in which far too many must operate. Pamela has done a tremendous job of reaching the needs of her students during the school year, but an area of constant concern is the summer slide. After 9 months of working to bring students up to grade level, 3 months of hunger and unmet basic needs can set students back so far that it leaves Pamela feeling like her kids are trapped in a consistent cycle of one step forward and two steps back.    Working within the current restrictions of the Summer Food Service Program, the challenge of reaching kids in a predominantly rural community has made it tough to put the brakes on the summer slide. As parents, we strive to be supportive of our children's intellectual growth by encouraging them to find their passions and pursue their dreams. It is a tragedy that not all children in Virginia and the United States look out on the world and see the endless possibilities that we know should be there for them. But that is exactly why we are here.    It is our responsibility as public servants to be advocates for the children of this great nation. When three out of four public school teachers say that they have students who consistently come to school hungry, we have to ask ourselves how can we better serve the children who need us most.    When students eat school breakfast, teachers report profound results. Seventy-three percent see kids paying better attention in class, 53 percent see improved attendance, and 48 percent see fewer disciplinary problems.    But with results like these, why are only half of the students who are eligible for free or reduced-price breakfast getting one? And why are only one in seven participating in the summer meals program?    I am confident that your deliberations will uncover better ways to serve children and families through our federal nutrition programs. In Virginia, we look forward to partnering with you to find and implement those solutions. Working together, I know we can guarantee that all of our children are fed and fed well.    Thank you very much. I look forward to the questions.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Well, I think it is clear, Congressman Scott, you have been a witness to this for so many years, the importance of it. Our military leaders, our generals and admirals are a part of this conversation. They are a part of ensuring that the nutritional standards stay in place, that we work towards this goal of making sure that the food access is there but also the food quality because we know that, yes, over decades, we have relied and become a culture of convenience.    And so we are up against decades of maybe not going in the right direction where we should in terms of nutritional standards. But it will take time and it will take consistent effort to ensure that our children are building lifelong habits around choosing and having access to healthy food.    I think that any parent would recognize the story about, you know, trying to introduce vegetables to your young toddlers and that it takes more than one time, 2, 3, 4 years of continual introduction of the right, proper and different foods. We have a middle school son so I can speak to that. It still goes on, he is 12 years old, but we still have these conversations at dinner every night.    I would just want to say that those school nutrition directors that we know, that we have met in Virginia, we are seeing 94 percent of our schools that are saying that they are meeting the guidelines, they have thought about implementation over time, not all at once.    It is gradual, that is the way we know we introduce the right habits and tastes and all of those kinds of things, and we feel like, with the proper technical assistance, training and guidance, that, with support and perhaps more resources, I would argue, because we do understand. School nutrition directors are operating on pennies a day to feed our children. And that is tough and we know that.    So I would just say there is a long commitment in this country, in this committee to making sure that our next generation is strong and healthy. We know. It is what our grandparents and our parents always told us, food is the best medicine. So I would say that I appreciate the opportunity to be here and to just ask that we seriously not think about turning back but continuing to push forward.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Well, thank you for the question, sir. We have seen success but we know we need to continue to build on success. I would say that I agree, school nutrition directors, our cafeteria staffs are probably the hardest working--I shouldn't single out any group because everyone in our public schools are working very hard to ensure that our children do well.    But I think that where we have seen success and we have seen it broadly, we have all visited a lot of school breakfast and school lunch lines, and the places where, as I mentioned before, we are seeing gradual implementation and bringing along the ideas and the curriculum with nutrition is really absolutely critical to success.    We have seen teachers, we have talked with teachers where children don't know where a carrot comes from. They don't know what a real peach looks like. And I think that is a faraway place from where we want to be as a nation. But when we--    Mrs. McAuliffe. So when we think about--    Mrs. McAuliffe. Yes.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Please stop by some time.    Mrs. McAuliffe. I agree. I agree congregate feeding sites really need to be looked at, especially critical in our rural communities. It makes it so difficult.    Easing the paperwork and how we qualify our kids. The paperwork is done. It is done in our schools, our community centers, our Boys & Girls Clubs, our local partners need to have, why do we have to go through extra layers of identifying those kids in need. And I think transportation I will, again, say, with those congregate feeding sites, and looking at that is really critical.    Mrs. McAuliffe. I think that the curriculum piece is absolutely critical, and so when you bring--the Farm-to-School piece is also a wonderful way to blend the nutrition with agriculture, education, bioscience, technical jobs in the ag area, you know. Agriculture is our number one private industry in Virginia. We are very lucky that way.    So to be able to talk about why food is important, not only for your own personal health and well-being but as part of our larger economy in looking at the jobs of the future and where your career track might be, and knowing where a carrot and a peach really come from, I think, is absolutely critical for our children and the more we talk about it as part of the curriculum, the more those conversations carry over into the cafeteria.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Thank you, my friend from Virginia. I would love to answer that question because we do know that jobs are the ultimate goal. That is the ultimate goal. Families want to provide for themselves. Families should. That is our goal.    However, this committee is called Committee on Education and Workforce. We don't have a workforce to attract the jobs in the 21th century, if we have kids who cannot take advantage of the education we are providing for them, $5.5 billion in Virginia. So if we look at the moral imperative but there is an economic imperative here, as well. That is my answer.    Anybody else? I can keep talking if you want.    Mrs. McAuliffe. I would just say in the short term, I don't think we can afford to have hungry kids in our schools.    Mr. Courtney.--to jump in. But I just want to tell you. If there is a gap in terms of, you know, the rules versus your operating, we want that information because, frankly, there are other ways to solve that problem rather than weakening standards.    Mrs. McAuliffe?    Mrs. McAuliffe. Well, I agree, and I understand that the difficulties of the challenges of working with pennies, literally pennies, nickels and dimes a day, to feed our children and feed them well. I think that the Retreat Is Not An Option analogy is absolutely spot on. We know the right thing to do as parents, we know what we have to teach as teachers, and we don't give up. We don't retreat. We figure out, we add creativity, we add extra work and urgency to our mission.    I would say that it is tough but it is being done and there are success stories out there and I think what we are finding in Virginia, too, is the peer-to-peer colleagues, working school nutrition directors together, sharing best practices, looking at what works within their agricultural community and how are we, you know, warehousing that local hamburger meat so we can spend a little bit more on the local hamburger meat but, you know, not have to sacrifice, you know, all of our budget for it. I think that it all takes a lot more--it is more demanding on all of us but we can't retreat.    Mrs. McAuliffe. May I comment on that--could I--    Mrs. McAuliffe. The point about obesity I think is a really big part of the conversation. Obesity, I view it as hunger in many ways because it is hunger for the right type of food. It is malnutrition. In Virginia, we have 17 percent of our families living in food deserts. And so that is why if school meals are consistently often the best and most consistent meal for children, I think it is imperative on us to make sure that we are doing the best that we can in terms of food quality, as well as access.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Sorry, I lost track of--I am sorry about the question; I heard every single thing you said--    Mrs. McAuliffe. I think that, you know, schools, local programs are doing things differently in their own way. But, yes, I think that part--when you are talking about nutrition curriculum, you are talking about educating the next generation but there is always a piece about taking these conversations home, talking to parents. And I think that parents--many schools are inviting parents in as part of the, you know--we have heard of nights where everybody eats in the cafeteria at night to introduce some of the new foods as they go along with the guidelines.    So I think that is absolutely, you know--schools are definitely a partnership, students, parents and teachers. And that partnership has to remain strong always and it is definitely an imperative part of this conversation.    Mrs. McAuliffe. Thank you, I appreciate that. The connection between where our food comes from, what we are putting in our bodies, it matters. There is a growing demand for that in this country, both in our schools but in our community at large it is important. We see those demands growing.    Andrea--I have to give a shout out to one of our lead school nutrition directors, Andrea Early in Harrisonburg City Schools, who is a national leader on Farm-to-School, and what she has done is brought in the ag extension program, the agricultural community, and brought in Farmer Joe to talk about lettuce when we introduce the school with the salad bar at school.    So this community garden piece, the Farm-to-School piece, it is so critical to connecting in a real live way, a tangible way to get kids excited about how does Farmer Joe grow his lettuce. And Farmer Joe is really fun to listen to, and I think I will try his lettuce because it is on a salad bar today.    So that connection between where your food comes from and making it very real is really critical to success of these programs.