    Mr. Gohmert. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on states' perspectives on the Bureau of Land Management's Draft Planning 2.0 Rule.    Under Committee Rule 4(f), any oral opening statements at a hearing are limited to the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements be made a part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    I also ask unanimous consent that the gentlelady from Wyoming, Mrs. Lummis--when she comes from a meeting we were having--and the gentleman from Arizona, Dr. Gosar, be allowed to sit in with the subcommittee, since they are part of the Full Committee. Hearing no objections, so ordered.    I will politely ask that everyone in the hearing please silence their cell phones. When I was a judge, we would order them confiscated. I don't do that now, but this will allow for minimum distractions.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Gohmert. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations is meeting today to hear testimony on BLM's draft resource management planning rule. This draft rule is part of BLM's Planning 2.0 initiative, and it completely upends the current process by which the agency prepares and amends resource management plans that govern public lands.    Getting the planning process right is crucial because the effects of resource management plans on communities throughout the West cannot be overstated. In some counties, where the Federal Government owns a majority of the land, the decisions that BLM makes have an outsized impact. Families and local economies can and do suffer as a direct result of BLM's unaccountable, Washington, DC bureaucracy. That is why Congress specifically prioritized the input of those who are most affected by BLM's resource management plans.    The Federal Land Policy Management Act (FLPMA) made clear that BLM must coordinate with local governments on management plans. BLM's Planning 2.0 effort and this draft rule appears to ignore the law and undermines the communities that neighbor BLM land. From refusing to further extend the comment period, to cutting local communities out of the resource management planning process, BLM has perfectly illustrated why so many people feel that the Federal Government is not a good neighbor.    When BLM heard from numerous local governments, interested organizations, and Congress that significantly more time was needed to comment on the draft rule, BLM extended the comment period for only 30 days, effectively saying, ``No, thanks. We don't need to hear from all of you.'' That probably should not have been a surprise, since, in many ways, the draft rule seems to be designed to increase Washington's influence while minimizing BLM's responsibility to work with the states, local government, and affected people.    We are here today to remind BLM of its obligation to cooperate with its neighbors, to provide an opportunity for those who are most invested in an effective and efficient planning process to share their expertise. They are not in existence to repeatedly infuriate local landowners until they are provoked to violence resulting in the death of a landowner, as we have seen.    Many people have acknowledged that the planning process could be improved, but BLM's draft rule, as it is currently written, is not a workable solution. At a minimum, BLM needs to reopen the comment period to allow for full and substantive input on this complex rule. Ideally, BLM should go back to the drawing board and partner closely with the state and local governments to make sure the resource management planning process works for everyone, not just agency officials.    In closing, I want to say thank you to our witnesses. Most of them have traveled a great distance. And obviously, you don't come for the money, because you don't get paid. This is all because you care about our country and our freedoms, so we much appreciate your willingness to come share your thoughts and your observations with us, and we look forward to your testimony.    The Chair now recognizes Mrs. Dingell for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much. I appreciate that opening statement.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Fontaine for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much.    At this time, Mr. McAfee, you are recognized for 5 minutes. STATEMENT OF CHUCK McAFEE, LANDOWNER AND COMMUNITY VOLUNTEER,     Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much. I appreciate your testimony, Mr. McAfee.    At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Lyons for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Lyons.    At this time, Ms. Clarke, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Ms. Clarke. At this time, the Chair recognizes the Ranking Member, Mrs. Dingell, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. So ordered.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. And we hope you will give Mr. Dingell our best. He turned 90 years old--was it yesterday?    Mr. Gohmert. Tomorrow. OK. Well, he is a distinguished gentleman in the best sense of the word.    At this time, we recognize the Chair of the Full Committee, Mr. Bishop.    The Chairman. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, even though you put me all the way down here; but thank you.    Let me ask a couple questions, if I could--I can go in the other room, if you would like.    First of all, Ms. Clarke, thank you for being here. I think adding to the resume is the fact that you were a former BLM director, so you understand this process and how these things work within the walls of the Interior Department, that great mausoleum to comradeship.    Let me ask you a couple of questions. When FLPMA was actually passed, part of it said that it was there to preserve existing rights. That included grazing, leasing, water rights, yada yada. BLM was also there so that the plans would be consistent with state and local plans. That is the purpose of FLPMA, that was in the legislation. That provided for a coordination of land use inventory specifically with the agencies of state and local government.    So, once again, I want to go--you touched on this in both your written and oral testimony--when I read BLM Planning 2.0, it appears that BLM is moving away from the rights granted to the state and local governments in the law. Under this new rule, how do you think BLM will honor their legal mandates to cooperate and coordinate with states, particularly the early public assessment phase?    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. I am assuming I went over, because I see a red light. I have a block. I am sorry.    Mr. Gohmert. No, actually I have a block, but you got a late start on your time, so it worked out fine.    At this time, I recognize myself for 5 minutes. Of course, we know that there can be significant changes that occur between the original draft of a resource management plan and the finalization of the resource management plan. So, it is critical that the BLM hears from everyone who is a stakeholder. That especially includes governors that represent the whole state, even though their voice may be more in line with a majority, commissioners, county officials, and, certainly, the landowners themselves. That is why I am pleased with the representation we have here.    Longer comment periods would seem to make that more likely. There was a hearing recently for the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and Director Kornze suggested that it makes sense to retain longer comment periods, although it did take some prodding from Senator Warren.    Mr. Lyons, do you disagree with Director Kornze? Do you think we should have the longer comment periods, go back to those, or do you still insist that we should have shorter comment times?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, thank you. I am very glad to hear you say that.    Mr. Ogsbury, have you heard any stories from Western Governors, with specific instances where they were not allowed the voices that they felt they should have in policies that affected the people in their states?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I don't know--we got representation from the various aspects, stakeholders. What I have heard in my district in dealing with Federal land issues is that sometimes a plan is being proposed and they don't see word of it; they don't feel like they get proper notice, and then all of a sudden their time has run out.    Mr. Fontaine, are you aware of any situations like that, where commissioners didn't feel like they had adequate time to respond?    Mr. Gohmert. You made a great point. My counties where Federal land is located normally have less assets to utilize, like you are saying. You cannot tax the Federal land, it is not being used now where it should be used to produce timber. That was the original idea, it is a renewable resource--these are not sequoias or pine trees. They are struggling, the schools struggle, and they don't have the ability to respond; and I appreciate that point being made.    My time is running out, but I just would ask all of you, including Ms. Clarke--you have special experience from all sides--if you have specific instances that you can find where the rules have worked a hardship, then let us know. Please send us those in the days ahead.    My time has expired, and I recognize the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. At this time, the Chair recognizes the Arkansas razorback gentleman, Mr. Westerman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. We will have a second round, and I will now recognize Chairman Bishop for 5 minutes.    The Chairman. Thank you again.    Mr. Lyons, I have a couple of questions for you, one in response to your testimony to Chairman Gohmert just a second ago, that you were thinking of making comment periods in BLM 2.0 longer. So I guess the question is why, then, do you refuse to extend the comment periods about BLM 2.0 more than 30 days, even though you had requests from numerous special interest groups to do so?    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. The Chair yields back. I am struggling here. Given the significant impact that this rule is going to have on the 12 western states where the Federal Government, the BLM, owns so much of that land, and given the disproportionate impact that this rule 2.0 is going to have on these 12 states, why did the BLM choose not to travel to those states and have field hearings and hear directly from the people most affected?    And, as Mr. Fontaine points out, some of these counties, because there is so much Federal land in their county, do not have the resources to come to Washington to lobby like other special interest groups do. Why was there not even a trip to the sites that are going to be so materially affected before this was put out as the rule?    Mr. Lyons?    Mr. Gohmert. That is what we are worried about.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, what about extending the rule, or extending the comment period for the rule itself? Since you and Director Kornze talked and you think it would be a good idea to extend it within the rule, how about extending the comment period for the rule?    Mr. Gohmert. You are hearing from people who represent areas in the West. You are hearing from others saying, ``Give us more time.'' We invited Director Kornze, and they sent you to answer for him. That is why you are being asked the question. You are answering for the Director, you are the one they sent. So, I would appreciate it if you would not pawn it off on the Director when he sent you to answer.    It sounds like you are saying, ``We are not extending the comment period. We have our little bevy of folks around here in Washington; we haven't been to those areas. We are going to materially impact them, and we don't care. We have our plan, and we may extend the comment period within the plan for other rules, but the big killer plan, we are going to leave it right where it is. We are satisfied with our little crew right here in Washington.'' That is the impression you are giving. Then, when you throw it back to Director Kornze, when he sent you to testify on his behalf, it gives me a lot of concern.    Mr. Ogsbury, aren't the Western Governors pleading for more comment period before 2.0 is put in as a finalized rule?    Mr. Gohmert. Let me just say this, since my time is running out. It looks like we are heading to a CR or an omnibus, and the Republican leaders come to people like me and they say, ``Look, we need you and we need other conservatives like you. What will it take? '' And I tell you what. We are about to get to the point where it is going to take gutting BLM's leadership until we get people who will be responsive to the people that they are gutting. That may be what I need to support, the CR or omnibus, if we do not get more responsiveness out of BLM.    At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Labrador for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. The gentleman from Arkansas is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Westerman.    Mr. Gohmert. All right, thank you. I thank the witnesses for their testimony. Thank you for being here.    Members of the committee may have some additional questions. Under Committee Rule 4(h), they may have some written questions to submit, in which case the record will be held open for 10 additional days. The witnesses agree to respond in the event there are questions--Ms. Clarke, Mr. Lyons, Mr. McAfee, Mr. Fontaine, and Mr. Ogsbury.    All right, thank you, everyone. For the record, we have comments from the Nevada Association of Counties dated May 25, 2016, and from the National Association of Counties, a letter dated June 21, 2016. Without objection, those will be submitted as part of the record, as well.    If there is no further business--hearing none, without objection, the committee stands adjourned.