    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank the panel for being here.    Sorry, I was in another hearing of this same committee, in another subcommittee, so I apologize that I may ask questions and you all sort of repeat a little bit of what Mrs. Brooks just asked, but I think a lot of us here are just trying to get our heads around this. I think when you talk about the sports--I can--my son played little league, because I know there are guys in my area go online, you can buy pictures, and I can see where that-- I mean, $250,000, and those stories are out there, they are real. And that is clear, we need to stop that. Then I have my friend, Thomas Massie here, who represents the northern part of Kentucky, District 4, 3 or--I am 2, so 4 maybe, 4, in Kentucky, he was an inventor. And so when we hear the story like you, Ms. Ranieri, and it is like, well, this is simple, we need to fix this, so that is obviously--obviously needs to be fixed. And then you hear people say, well, if people have patents, if they are not using them, that is a good way--like the manufacturer. Well, then Thomas explains in a long dissertation at breakfast one day about how a lot of people who are legitimate patent holders, who will legitimately invent, hold these patents because they don't have the means or the ability, they are trying to move forward. And so if you do this and this kind of--that kind of reaction to stop patent trolls is going to--could stop the small entrepreneurial inventor, and so you have unintended consequences.    So I am--I guess what I am asking, is there any of this expert panel--where can we delineate between--what--you know, was the old Justice Potter, I know it when I see it. I can't really describe it, but I know it when I see it. And how do you delineate between what is clearly somebody out there patent trolling, versus, you know, somebody like Thomas who works in his garage and comes up with--essentially what you did, come up with several patents that, you know, takes him a while to find the resources to move forward. And so the question is the people just out searching, and then you have trolling, and then you have the people who are legitimate small folks. And that is what we are trying to find with the balance, because we want to fix the problem, but we don't want to have unintended consequences. So I will kind of open it up to the panel.    Mr. Guthrie. Um-hum.    Mr. Guthrie. Um-hum.    Mr. Guthrie. Well----    Mr. Guthrie. No, I agree with you 100 percent. So you walk out of that and you are going, boy, this is easy to get behind. Let us get onboard, let us move forward, I like the legislation. And then you a have the talk with Thomas and say, well, these are some of the consequences that could come from that, and you walk out going--I mean we are really trying to figure out exactly what the right thing to do is, because we all want to solve the problem. I think even people who you are probably hearing oppose the current bill will say I--I have heard Thomas say it, I recognize there is a problem that needs to be solved.    Mr. Guthrie. And so what we are trying to figure out, where is that--I mean what--every situation you just described where somebody is patenting a fan, we all agree needs to be fixed.    Mr. Guthrie. I think most all of us----    Mr. Guthrie . Would agree.    Mr. Guthrie. Well, the problem is a lot of people go through court--the problem is the expense of going to court.    Mr. Guthrie. So I mean that is what we are trying to solve. That is one of the problems we are trying to solve is----    Mr. Guthrie . That people are just paying--they are sending out 8,000 letters, if 1,000 people paid and not go to court, so just using that as a solution, that is actually part of the problem we are trying to solve.    Mr. Guthrie. Yes, but just relying on the courts is what we are trying to solve, the problem, the expense of that.    Mr. Guthrie. I think I am out of time. So I don't know if the chairman wants to----    Mr. Guthrie. I think that is the argument Thomas Massie made, but he made it in 30 minutes, you have made it in 1, so I appreciate that very much.