    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    You know, it's interesting. To assist States in developing State plans, the EPA has proposed model trading rules. Let me read you from pages 42 and 43 of your proposed rule setting forth a Federal plan. EPA states, ``The EPA strongly urges States to consider adopting one of the model trading rules which are designed to be referenced by States in their rulemaking. Use of the model trading rules by States would help insure consistency between and among the State programs which is useful for potential operation of a broad trading program that spans multi-State regions or operates on a national scale.''    Now, what's interesting about that is, I'm also going to reference some quotes from the past, and not the distant past, the recent past. ``There is no cap-and-trade scheme provided for under the Clean Air Act. For greenhouses gases, I should say, sir, what I do know is what--is that we are not planning any cap-and-trade regulations or standards.'' Former Administrator Lisa Jackson in response to Representative Steve Scalise, February 9, 2011, in this room.    Administrator Jackson and Assistant Administrator McCarthy have stated publicly, ``The agency has no intention of pursuing a cap-and-trade program for greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. The agency reaffirms those statements here.'' August 3rd, 2011.    ``Both former Administrator Jackson and I have said in the past that the EPA has no intention of pursuing a cap-and-trade program for greenhouse gases, and I continue to stand by those statements.'' May 15, 2013 in a letter to Chairman Upton.    ``The Clean Power Plan is not a cap-and-trade program. It's not going to be designed like a cap-and-trade program. This is not an opportunity for us to impose a cap. That's not what it looks like.'' Administrator Gina McCarthy in response to Senator Heitkamp on March 14 in a panel in the video.    You know, the problem is, is that it looks like a cap-and-trade program. You call it a model trading plan. You say that if the States don't come up with an appropriate plan, the Federal Government will come in and help them develop a plan; perhaps a cap-and-trade-type plan.    I was elected in 2010. A 28-year incumbent went down because he voted for a cap-and-trade plan. You're not only showing disrespect to the Congress, disrespect to what I believe the Supreme Court told you in the Mercury Rule. You're also showing disrespect to the voters of this country that turned down an awful lot of folks. Cap and trade is not a policy this United States should follow, and so I would submit to you that you probably need to look someplace else. I don't think you have legal authority for this rule, as you know. That will be debated in the courts, but just like the Mercury Rule--which was found that you all had overreached and had to go back to the drawing board--those jobs in my district are already gone before the Supreme Court could make a ruling.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I would yield to the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCabe, I've heard some confusion here today. I read you some quotes out that said on four occasions over the last few years it said that you all weren't going to move towards a cap-and-trade program. I then read you something that indicated you are going to a cap-and-trade program, and then you told Congressman Barton that you weren't going to a cap-and-trade program. And I find that hard to understand. Is it your position that you all are not heading towards a cap-and-trade program?    Mr. Griffith. All right. I beg to differ. Let me go through some of the documents, and I guess we just have to start with your own documents. You know, when you take a look at it in the Environmental Protection Agency in the pre-plan that's out there and the summary, it says, ``This proposal,'' talking about your plan, and I can be glad to give you a copy of this after I finish reading it. ``This proposal presents two approaches to a Federal plan for States and other jurisdictions that do not submit an approvable plan to the EPA: a rate-based emissions trading program, and a mass-based emissions trading program.`` Now that to me sounds like cap and trade of one form or another.    It goes on to say on page 43, ``As discussed at length in the emission guidelines, electric generation units operate less as individual isolated entities, and more as multiple components of a large interconnected system designed to integrate a range of functions that insure an uninterrupted supply of affordable and reliable electricity, while also for the past several decades maintaining compliance with air pollution control programs. Since as a practical matter under both the emission guidelines and any Federal plan, emissions reductions must occur at the affected electric generation units, a broad scale emission trading program would be particularly effective in allowing the electric generation units to operate in a way that achieves pollution control without disturbing the overall system of which they are a part, and the critical functions that this system performs. In addition, consistency of requirements benefits the affected electric generation units, as well as the States, and the EPA in their role as administrators and implementers of a trading program. The EPA believes that there are,'' skip a line, and then, ``The EPA believes there are compelling policy reasons that support the provisions of a proposed model trading rule at this time.''    It goes on to talk about the public hearings that you had which you didn't have in my district, where you would have heard something completely different. As I told you before, I was elected on this issue, and a 28-year incumbent who agreed with you all isn't here because of this issue, cap and trade. And you go on to talk about, ``There's strong interest in seeing a model State program,'' and then it goes on to say and I find this fascinating. ``In addition, some States have indicated that they may prefer to rely on a Federal plan, either temporarily or permanently, rather than develop a plan of their own. This proposal of a model trading rule addresses these policy interests. The approach of proposing model trading rules that are identical in all key respects to proposed Federal plans that may be promulgated later is consistent with prior Clean Air Act Section 111(d).''    Now, I don't know in what kind of a universe or what English language you're looking at, but I just picked out some small parts here, and every time I turn around it's talking about this rule pushing on the States a trading plan similar to cap and trade, if not cap-and-trade-heavy, it's cap and trade of some form, and two different versions of it. And then it says, and I will--I interpret it differently. It says, ``In addition, some States have indicated they may prefer to rely on a Federal plan.'' That's because they're not going to do it, because isn't it--am I correct that if a State says like we heard earlier that one of the States feared blackouts and people freezing in their homes, if they choose not to do it, you all are going to come in with your Federal trading program and do a Federal program. Isn't that correct, yes or no? It's a simple yes or no.    Mr. Griffith. It is a simple question: Are you going to make the States do a trading program? If they don't comply with your Clean Power Plan, are you coming in there and imposing a Federal trading plan on them, and the answer is either yes or no.    Mr. Griffith. OK. Under this proposal, wouldn't that be the natural and logical conclusion, for someone reasonable reading the English language that I just read to you out of your own document. Would that not be reasonable?    Mr. Griffith. Where you----    Mr. Griffith. And where you disenfranchised the people of Appalachia because you didn't come to talk to any of the coal-producing areas in Central Appalachia. You refused to come and have a hearing there. We asked you all to do it, you wouldn't do it, didn't have to be my district, could have been Mr. Johnson's district, or Mr. McKinley's district, or somebody else's district. You wouldn't do it. That's why your comments are going to support what you got, because you went out and found the people that agreed with you to go put your hearings in.    Mr. Chairman, I apologize. I am over my time. I yield back.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much. The overarching policy of the Clean Power Plan is to limit the amount of carbon that an individual State can put out. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Griffith. And certain limit on the emissions.    Mr. Griffith. And isn't another word of saying that a cap?    Mr. Griffith. All right. We're going to disagree on that. I will say this: I appreciate very much Mr. Welch's comments, appreciate his help. We are having problems. I also agree with Mr. Johnson, it's not something you just have a conversation on. I've got a county where they fight over flat land because there's only about three pieces of it in the whole county that don't already have something built on them, or in a floodway, so it's not something you just easily say we're going to be able to create jobs.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.