    Dr. Dillingham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the committee. FAA has taken some important steps to address the challenges stakeholders face in getting U.S. aviation products certified for use at home and abroad. At the same time, we found that these steps are not sufficient and many key challenges remain regarding domestic certification and the consistency of regulatory interpretation.    At the time we concluded our work, FAA indicated it had completed 8 of 14 initiatives established to address the Certification Process Committee's recommendations, and 2 were on track to be completed within 3 years. I understand from Ms. Baker's testimony that FAA has now completed 10 of the initiatives. When we completed our work of the remaining initiatives, one was at risk for not meeting planned milestones, and three initiatives would not meet planned milestones, including updating the regulations under which large and small aircraft are certified. Missing these milestones increases the risk of delays in improving the certification processes for a rapidly changing and expanding industry.    Regarding regulatory certification--regulatory consistency, FAA has drafted a plan to address the Regulatory Consistency Committee's six recommendations, which are targeted at improving the consistency of how regulations are interpreted by FAA and the industry. While the plan is expected to be released sometime this month, it is being released over a year beyond its original target date of December 2013.    Moreover, some key industry stakeholders told us that although FAA briefed them on its draft implementation plan, they were disappointed that they were not asked to participate in the development of the plan, as was suggested in the 2012 FAA Reauthorization Act. Stakeholders also expressed concerns about FAA's decision to close two of the committee's recommendations before the plan is finalized, including the recommendation on improving the clarity of FAA's final rules.    Turning to foreign approval of U.S. aviation products. The U.S. has historically been viewed as the gold standard for the approval of aviation products, with some countries accepting FAA's approval as sufficient evidence that the product is safe for use in their country. Other countries, however, do not accept FAA's certification, and more often, these countries are conducting their own approval processes for U.S. products. Stakeholders told us that such practices result in U.S. companies facing uncertainty and costly delays in delivering their products to foreign markets.    Additionally, these companies noted that some of FAA's internal processes, such as the prioritization of foreign approval applications and insufficient staff resources and expertise, also contributed to delays and increased cost in getting their products to foreign markets. Working within the limitations of national sovereignty and other factors, FAA has several initiatives underway aimed at alleviating current as well as heading off future challenges related to foreign approval.    GAO will continue to assist this committee by providing information and analysis on the certification process challenges and support committee efforts in considering these issues as part of the 2015 FAA Reauthorization Act.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This concludes my statement.    Dr. Dillingham. Yes, Mr. DeFazio, we can provide a list. But I can tell you now that we spoke to a sample of manufacturers that represented a good proportion of those who export to foreign countries. And we asked them to tell us about their experiences and which countries seem to present the greatest problems right now and what was the nature of those problems.    What we were told is that it differs by country, but in terms of the top countries where they are experiencing the most problems, Europe and the issues behind the EC were related to cost, the cost of getting our products approved. And China was a top biller, and the issue for China was a combination of culture and their processes and procedures.    You would have heard earlier about--as a matter of fact, you were the one who said it--about requesting----    Dr. Dillingham. So we will provide you the output from our survey of the manufacturers that we talk to.    Dr. Dillingham. Thank you, Mr. Larsen, for the question. I would hesitate to suggest what FAA's priorities would be, but if you look at what is going on with international, the industry representatives that we talk to indicated that from an internal perspective, leave aside what happens once the application goes overseas, is that they think that FAA does not make this a high enough priority, that including the issue of getting full use of the ODA, the ODA program. I think from what we learn, what FAA is doing now with regard to working to make the bilaterals more efficient and more effective and working to get the concept of mutual acceptance of approvals from our longstanding partners, I think if that plays out, then the priority issue will be less of an issue going forward.    Dr. Dillingham. Mr. Hanna, we have--we have a study underway looking at what it takes to get UAS into the national airspace for this committee, and we have--we have testified in the past that instead of the rule coming out when it was scheduled, the rule is going to be as much as 2 years late coming out. So what we have suggested is that there needs to be action taken in the interim, and some of those actions relate to the test sites, meaning get a greater use out of the test site, for example, giving them greater authority to allow testing and evaluation at the test site, look at ways in which things can be done now on an interim basis like section 333 of the regulation. Also, to take some lessons learned from other countries, particularly Canada, our northern neighbor, and talk about what you heard several times this morning, sort of a risk-management approach to the integration of UAS.    So there are things that can be done, and we think that FAA is beginning to move in that direction because there is such a--almost a dam of industry and industry activities that are waiting----    Dr. Dillingham. Yes, sir.    Dr. Dillingham. Ms. Norton, you know, we have heard that metric over the last couple of years about the U.S. being the gold standard, and in fact, the U.S. losing its position of the gold standard. I think that metric is more of a sort of an explanation that the world of aviation is changing. The manufacturers that we talk to had mixed opinions about whether the U.S. was the gold standard, or EASA was the gold standard or whatever, but what they were saying is, in the past, if the U.S. said OK, then it was OK. That was the gold standard, because if the U.S. approved it, it meant it was----    Dr. Dillingham . Ready to go.    Dr. Dillingham. Well, there are some contributing factors to that. No one is saying that the U.S. standard of quality has changed, but what we see is, we see ICAO, the International Civil Aviation Organization, telling nation states that you must establish your own certification processes and apply those as you see fit. So instead of what it used to be that it could just go through, they are going through another process.    Dr. Dillingham. Exactly. If--in other countries, those organizations have to pay for themselves, so automatically they are going to charge us, and no one is saying that, you know, our quality is any less. The world is just spinning with more civil aviation authorities in place.    Dr. Dillingham. When we talked to manufacturers in preparation for this hearing, that was one of their concerns about the ODA.    Dr. Dillingham. Yes, multiple stakeholders said that, and we think part of the explanation is that when you go to an ODA and you start to assign those kinds of inspection responsibilities outside of the FAA, we are talking about a significant cultural change from the way the agency has been doing business for eons, and it takes time for that to be in place. And I think the recent----    Dr. Dillingham. I think with as much speed as possible. As part of the 312, 313 recommendations, FAA has worked the ODA process and issued new guidance for how they are supposed to operate and their training and their oversight, so I think we are at the point now that change is possible and change in a relatively speedy time.    Dr. Dillingham. That is a good question. I am going to ask Director Baker to take that on.    Dr. Dillingham. Yes, sir. One of the problems that GAO has is we have--we have--we have been asked by this committee to look at a number of different instances where the implementation of initiatives or recommendations has been at the center of it, the implementation by FAA. And what we found is the definition of ``implemented'' and ``completed'' sort of varies from we just started to, we have got a plan to, we have actually done some things.    So our answer to that is, you know, as part of congressional oversight is to make sure that there are some metrics by which the agency can be held accountable, metrics that include sort of a baseline metrics, where do we start; an interim metric, where are we now when the Congress asks again; and in the end, an outcome metric, what did we actually achieve related to what the objective of the initiative was?    So we are very much into performance metrics and accountability so that we can get some consistency, and the Congress can know what it actually means when FAA says we have implemented 22 out of 30 or we have implemented 10 out of 14. It is kind of--it is hard for us to tell at this point without really digging, digging, and digging.    Dr. Dillingham. Exactly. And what do they mean? I mean, it is OK to use the concept of implemented and completed, but what do they actually mean? What is the, you know, sort of where is the beef kind of answer.    Dr. Dillingham. It varies in terms of when you ask the status of something. It varies as to what the term means.