    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate you yielding for the purposes of this opening statement. And I would like to raise these points at the beginning of this hearing, that this topic of birthright citizenship is something that I have worked on for some time. I want to give some credit to the now Governor of Georgia, Nathan Deal, who used to be the one that was leading on this topic. And when he went back to Georgia, somebody had to pick up the ball and go with it. It is myself in the House primarily, with a lot of colleagues working together. And also Senator Vitter on the other side is the--is leading on a very similar bill that I am speaking to and not exactly that--as a component of the subject here that is before us.    And the 14th Amendment of the Constitution says that all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and the State where they reside. And that little troublesome clause in there, ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof,'' is the subject of our discussion here in this--in this hearing today in that and the policies that flow from it.    And for those who argue that the physical birth of a baby on U.S. soil is an automatic grant of citizenship by policy, by Constitution, by statute, I believe, are uttering an ungrounded statement in that that clause, that troublesome clause of ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof'' defined it differently for clear reasons.    And, that is, that if I look at the quotes from a number of U.S. Senators who debated this topic back in 1865 and 1866--the 14th Amendment was ratified finally in 1868--the lead Senator on this, one of the authors, Senator Jacob Howard said this: This will not, of course, include persons born in the United States who are foreigners or aliens, who belong to the families of ambassadors or foreign ministers accredited to the Government of the United States, but will include every other class of persons.    And the purpose, of course, of the 14th Amendment was to guarantee that the babies born to the freed slaves would be citizens of the United States.    The specificity in the clause was debated fairly thoroughly in the United States Congress, and it was there because there were Native Americans, called Indians under this--under the statute then and the amendments then, who would lose their membership in the tribe if they were granted automatic citizenship. So the clause was carefully targeted to make sure that African American babies born in America were citizens, just as those--just as those newly freed slaves were. They became citizens under the 13th Amendment of the Constitution. It.    Did not contemplate that anyone who could sneak into the United States and have a baby would be conferred automatic citizenship on that baby. That is a practice that has evolved, not a law that has been passed, not a provision within the Constitution anywhere, including in the 14th Amendment. So we will get deeper into this definition of the ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof.''    This will be, if this bill is passed and becomes law--I don't think there is any doubt it will be litigated. I look forward to that litigation. I think an objective court that would review the documents that build to this point has to conclude the same thing that I have.    This is also something that flows from the Dred Scott decision that said that African Americans could never be citizens in the United States. That is the biggest reason that--well, it is one of the two big reasons for the Civil war. It is still debatable as to which is the biggest reason, I might point out. But it is the reason for the 13th Amendment and the 14th Amendment to correct Dred Scott. And so it corrected it, and then we started this practice, so--and to protect Native Americans.    So the illegal parents, are they going to decide, or are we going to decide as representatives of the people of the United States of America? And I suggest that it is our job here as Congress to decide who will be citizens, not someone in a foreign country that can sneak into the United States and have a baby and then go home with a birth certificate.    By the way, birthright--birth tourism has grown substantially. We had a hearing on this some years ago. The turnkey price for a Chinese pregnant woman to fly to the United States and check into a hotel, go through the maternity process, have a baby, get the birth certificate, take the baby back to China was $30,000 in that testimony several years ago, that price has gone up to $40,000 to $80,000. However, they still attest that they can't pay for their medical bills. And so we, the taxpayers, fund that.    Also, the numbers of birth tourism were then 700 and--340,000 to 750,000. That is my recollection from that testimony. And today, I think, we are going to hear maybe 300,000 to 400,000 babies born automatically in America.    There is a lot of data to flow out here. The objective thing for us to do is set the policy like almost every other industrialized country in the world has done. I encourage that we do that.    I thank the Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. King . The Chair would recognize the Ranking Member of the Immigration Subcommittee, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. King. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. King. Hearing an objection, the gentleman has been heard.    And we'll yield the 5 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. King. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair will recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez, for 5 minutes.    Mr. King. There's a unanimous consent request to place a document into the record. Do I hear any objections?    Mr. King. Sure. The gentleman reserves the right to object. Please proceed    Mr. King. The gentleman yields back.    And the Chair would request if the gentleman from Texas would consider his reservation on the point of order.    Mr. King. Since the gentleman from Texas has withdrawn his reservation, the documents requested by the gentleman from Illinois will be entered into the record.    Mr. King. And the Chair will recognize the gentleman from Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Texas yields back.    And the Chair would recognize the gentlelady from Texas for 5 minutes, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. King. Gentlelady from Texas has yielded back.    And we're going to stick with the Texas theme and recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Texas yields back.    And the Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes. And I thank the witnesses for your testimony here today.    I'm just recapping how this works to me. Two questions out there. One is the policy question, and the other is the constitutional question.    Now, if we could just take this to the policy question for a moment--and I'll just speak to that--that when I look around the world and I see countries that have a policy like this and the list of countries that have a policy like this, the only one in the modern industrialized world that seems to retain this policy is Canada, plus the United States. And the rest of them, I don't know if anybody has lined up in any long lines to get into those other countries that do have a birthright citizenship as part of their policy.    I listened to people--representatives from the Dominican Republic talk about what's happening with Haiti being their neighbor and how they essentially analyzed their constitution and found a way to reverse that a few years ago to their benefit.    And so I don't think I'm hearing an argument as to why it would be a good idea to grant automatic citizenship to any baby that could be born in the United States to any mother who could find a way to get into the United States. That hands over the immigration policy to everybody except Americans. And so I don't know that that's even a debate before this Committee, unless you want to expand your political base by any means necessary.    Second thing comes back to, then, is the constitutional question, which I was confident of when I walked in this room today and I remain confident of that position, but the question to pose really is: How do we get the constitutional question answered? And the way to get the constitutional question answered is, is anybody going to litigate today? I don't think so. We have to have a statute in order to trigger that constitutional litigation.    And, as I examine through this, if that's the case, I don't know what's left out here to be answered by this Committee or by the witnesses if--if it's the majority opinion of this Committee that it's not a good policy to grant automatic citizenship to any baby born on U.S. soil for any reason whatsoever, other than a couple of light exceptions, if it's not a good policy, then how do we get to a good policy to rescind and reverse this practice that has grown?    And so I just go--I would turn to Mr. Cohen and I wanted to ask you for the record, watching the President's policies on immigration that have emerged from the Oval Office, I presume, on DACA and DAPA and the Morton memos and these components that have put this country through this strife that we have, you have looked at those constitutionally--and I don't want to editorialize on those--but could you just give me kind of a yes or no or a general idea whether you believe that they are constitutionally founded?    Mr. King. Okay.    Mr. King. And that's fine. That wasn't a subject to come before this Committee, and I appreciate that.    I just make the point that the President is making up immigration laws as he goes. I don't think that there's a solid argument that the President has the authority to legitimate. And Article I says all legislative powers herein shall be granted--shall be vested in a Congress of the United States. And that's the House and the Senate. And so that's the statutory part of this.    But I would pose this to Mr. Eastman: On the same premise that the President asserts that he has a constitutional authority to, I would call it, legislate an immigration power and grant a ``lawful presence''--and I put that in quotes--to the DAPA recipients, the DACA recipients and the others that are picked up in the Morton memos, on that premise, could not the next President of the United States end birthright citizenship based on the same rationale?    Mr. King. Thank you.    And, Mr. Feere, I didn't hear from you. And if you'd go a little more broadly on the--on the policy side of this----    Mr. King . And the effects of this to society. Is there--is there a limitation that we could expect if this practice goes on and, say, the next Congress and the next President simply--or if there's a constitutional amendment that guarantees this birthright citizenship, can we--I want to say, can we confer citizenship on people that don't even want it and how do--what--what happens to the demographics of America if this policy is not reversed?    Mr. King. We'll get that quote into the record.    As my clock is ticking, Mr. Feere, I'd like to just turn the last question to Mr. Cohen.    And, Mr. Cohen, you heard Mr. Graglia testify that the reward for committing the crime of unlawful entry--the reward for committing the crime of unlawful entry into the United States is conferring automatic citizenship on the child that you might give birth to in the United States.    Can you give another example of a reward for law breaking--for committing a crime, specifically a crime, and a reward that's conferred in any aspect of U.S. law?    Mr. King. And reclaiming my time--and I appreciate the gentleman's response--and I would say that if we had that same sentiment applied to the people who are locked up in our prisons, there wouldn't be anyone in our prisons.    So I appreciate the testimony that we received today. It concludes today's hearing. And I want to thank all our witnesses for attending.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    This hearing is now adjourned.