    Ms. Norton. I thank you, Mr. Chairman. Actually, I am here for the ranking member. I am a member of the full committee and a member of this subcommittee, but I want to express my condolences to the chair of this committee, Matt Cartwright, whose father passed and who, therefore, cannot be here today. I know our thoughts and prayers are with Representative Cartwright.    This hearing on immigration fraud by non-citizens would be laughable if the subject were not so serious. Latino and other people of color and other immigrants will not regard it as very funny. They will be particularly insulted by this faux hearing on a non-existent issue, and they will be joined by countless of other Americans.    I quote from the testimony, which I will ask to be included in the record, of the Ohio State NAACP. As they say in their testimony, ``Voter fraud has not been perpetuated by immigrants, nor have they been exacerbated by changes in national immigration policies. Rather, we have spent 106 years battling voting fraud, which was perpetuated primarily by election officials who refused to register voters because of what they look like or whose purges appear to be concentrated among certain demographics.''    This hearing, coming as it does on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, when Republicans and Democrats are about to go to Selma to commemorate that Act in March, comes close to an insult, and this is particularly so when the Majority has announced, indeed, announced early, that the House will not even have a hearing on the Voting Rights Act.    I want to take a moment to thank Representative Jim Sensenbrenner, Republican of Wisconsin, and Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia and a hero of the civil rights movement, for their co-sponsorship of a bill to update the Voting Rights Act of 1965, as instructed by the Supreme Court of the United States.    It takes chutzpah, or disregard, or even disrespect, to hold a hearing alleging fraud by Latino and other immigrants. What have they received? Only the rudimentary right, the temporary permission to remain in this Country to work, unrelated entirely, of course, as the Majority knows, to the right to vote. The data about fraud is manifestly and overwhelmingly in the other direction. We should be glad that there is something in this Country that you don't have to have a hearing about.    It took minority Americans 150 years after the Civil War to get the same right to vote that other Americans took for granted and often don't even exercise. A couple of years ago the Supreme Court did not nullify the Voting Rights Act, but they did ask this Congress to update it. Instead, we see States covered by the Act already passing laws designed to keep black people and Hispanics from voting, manifestly so, and we see Republicans in the rest of the Country spreading barriers, including Ohio, where we have a witness today and one of the States involved.    The President's executive order gives immigrants the right to stay; immigrants who have been here for years; immigrants who have been working hard and whose labor we have needed. Even the bipartisan immigration reform bill passed by the Senate last Congress would have postponed the right to vote for immigrants for more than a decade.    The Republicans may want to go down in history as the party who tried once again, 100 years later, to nullify the right to vote. Well, I am here today to say they shall not succeed.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As I hear what passes for evidence, I can only say it is no wonder that the last two Congresses have gone down in history as the least productive in American history.    I want to say for the record that the Social Security card that these immigrants get says valid for work only with DHS authority. These are immigrants who, for years, have been living in fear because they are undocumented. They live in such fear that they don't even report crime. Now we are made to believe that they will go to the polls and throw elections, even the much vaunted election in Ohio.    Mr. Dunlap, let me thank you for apparently being able to secure the vote without denying the vote.    In Kansas, Mr. Kobach, you have implemented so-called proof of citizen voting requirements. I do want to note that it delayed voting registration applications for 22,000 people, at least as of last four. That is 16 percent. Most of those were probably just as full citizens as you and I are.    But let me turn to Ohio while I still have some time. Mr. Husted, you have been particularly determined. In 2012, you initially denied the expansion of early voting hours in urban Democratic-leading counties covering Cleveland, Columbus, Akron, and Toledo. But at the same time, the record will show, there were early voting hours in heavily Republican counties like Warren and Butler. They were expanded to include nights and weekends.    The record shows there were such loud complaints about this patent, unadulterated unfairness that you limited early voting across the State to weekdays only. Is that not true?    Ms. Norton. Wait a minute. I didn't ask you what happens in Ohio. Did you not deny the expansion of early voting?    Ms. Norton. In Cleveland, Columbus, Akron, and Toledo?    Ms. Norton. What did you do?    Ms. Norton. And you are denying that at the same time----    Ms. Norton . The early voting hours were set in Republican-leading districts. You are denying that on the face of the record.    Ms. Norton. So you had nothing to do with that. Well, then, Mr. Husted, while my time is up, sir, before my time is up, isn't it true that these voting restrictions were overturned by a Federal district court and that you did not immediately comply with the full restoration of those voting rights?    Ms. Norton. I said you did not immediately comply.    Ms. Norton. Well, you appealed to the Supreme Court.    Ms. Norton. And they refused to hear your case.    Ms. Norton. And what did they decide?    Ms. Norton. So you believe you have every chance of prevailing in this case, a case with the facts I have just enumerated, with the differences?    Ms. Norton. I doubt that you vote for longer than the District of Columbia. I doubt that very seriously and I challenge you to send to this committee evidence of that. But if you do, let me make sure that I inform elected officials so that they would at least be as good as Ohio is.    Mr. Husted, a recent study by two of your prominent State universities, Case Western Reserve and Cleveland State University, found that in 2008 African-American voters made up 56.4 percent of all weekend voters in Cayuga County, even though adult African-Americans made up only 28 percent of the population there. Can you understand, therefore, why there has been such an outcry in Ohio when two prominent research universities in your State found that cutting early voting on Sundays and weekend evenings could disproportionately affect African-Americans? I mean, shouldn't that concern you in a State like Ohio?