    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate all of you for being here. I would like to go on a quick tour of the segments of the financial services industry. How many of the witnesses believe that small banks and credit unions caused the crisis in 2008? Could you raise your hand if anybody believes that? Okay. I would like to note that no one did.    You have an important role as a coordinating council of regulators as well and I am curious if you could go down the line, starting with Ms. White, and tell me how many hours in the last year you have spent discussing and identifying regulatory conflicts and unnecessary regulations that might be harming our community banks and credit unions?    Where better coordination could reduce unintended consequences and costs and differing regulatory interpretations by agents in the field. Just how many hours this year the Council spent talking about that? Just if you could each give me a number and we could do this quickly.    Mr. Stivers. You would say zero--    Mr. Stivers. At the staff level, okay but on the Council. That is what I care about. That is who you are. Let's keep moving.    Mr. Stivers. Okay. Sounds like another zero. Keep moving. Mr. Woodall?    Mr. Stivers. Okay. So some discussion. Nobody can put a number on it in hours. Ms. Matz?    Mr. Stivers. You would agree you don't have any idea how many hours but it has happened--    Mr. Stivers. Okay. Let's keep moving. Obviously, there is a pattern. Does anybody have a number? Will anybody give me any kind of number?    Mr. Stivers. Good man--    Mr. Stivers. I am still keeping time so let's move--    Mr. Stivers. I got it.    Mr. Stivers. Okay. I think we have a pattern--    Mr. Stivers. I appreciate it. I think we have a pattern here. You are not discussing it enough at the Council level. The staff is discussing it but you need to discuss it. These are important community assets that dot the fabric of our country and the 15th district of Ohio. And these companies--small companies, small banks and credit unions are struggling to keep up.    Many of your field agents actually misinterpret regulations intended for big banks and put extra pain and cost on these small banks and they are having real struggles. Let's move on to regional banks. How many of you believe that regional banks, which I will define as kind of $50 billion to $250 billion, caused the crisis? Again, no--oh, I have a couple of hands there maybe.    Mr. Stivers. We are running out of time. It can be quick.    Mr. Stivers. It can, and I believe that. So let's talk about what you have done to use your regulatory flexibility that Secretary Lew says you have between trillion dollar banks and $50 billion banks. Can anybody explain to me exactly how you have used that regulatory flexibility? Mr. Curry?    Mr. Stivers. I appreciate that, Mr. Curry and I want to talk about that. But we are talking about regional banks now. So can you tell me how you use the flexibility that--    Mr. Stivers. Secretary Lew says you have. Have you used it? And if so, exactly how--    Mr. Stivers. You haven't answered how--you are trying to eat up time here, it sounds like.    Mr. Stivers. You have not answered one specific way in which you have used your regulatory flexibility. Could you give me one specific way, Mr. Gruenberg? One way. That is all I am asking.    Mr. Stivers. The tailored plan is the only true answer. And how--that cuts a little cost but they still have to do the CCAR stress test, the regular stress test. There are way too many things built in that you have the power to fix and I wish you would take a look at it. I didn't even get to non-bank financial entities and my time has expired. But please look at those things. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.