    Mr. Russel. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Sherman, members of the subcommittee. And thank you in particular for the committee's support of our work with the East Asia-Pacific region and for the opportunity also to testify today about President Obama's Fiscal Year 2016 budget request. And I am pleased, of course, to be here with my colleague from USAID, John Stivers.    As you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, in your opening remarks, our strategy toward the region reflects the fact that the U.S., as a Pacific power and as a trading Nation, finds the Asia-Pacific region hugely consequential to our interest. It is consequential for our security, for our economy, and its importance will only grow.    Over the last 6 years, the administration's rebalance policy has established what I would call a new normal. It is a pattern of relations that is marked, first, by sustained engagement with the region by the President, by the Secretary of State, other Cabinet members in the Government and, second, marked by an unprecedented and extensive collaboration with our Asian allies, with our partners, on a full range of regional and global issues that face us.    And the results of this policy and the benefits to the people of the United States are very clear. One, we are safer. We are safer because our alliances in the region, especially with Japan and South Korea, the Philippines, and Australia, have never been stronger. And that is shown by updated defense guidelines, by increased host nation support, by rotational force agreements. And we have also built closer security relationships with other new partners and longstanding partners, like Singapore or New Zealand.    Second, our economy benefits. Since 2009, U.S. exports to East Asia are up about 23 percent and we are nearing conclusion of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP, agreement. This is a trade agreement that also has unprecedented protections for workers, for the environment, and the digital economy. We welcome warmly the introduction of bipartisan, bicameral legislation for trade promotion authority, which will help us complete this agreement.    Third, Mr. Chairman, we are promoting stability in the region. Our deeper engagement with China has helped our two Governments to make progress on areas of common interest, like climate and bilateral investment, helped us to calm tensions with the military-to-military dialogue that we have established. It facilitates the exchange of ideas and of commerce by extending student visas and business visas while always standing up for human rights, standing up for international law, standing up for American workers and businesses. And throughout the region, our commitment to universal values is key to the strength of the American brand.    Fourth, I mention our work to strengthen regional institutions and organizations, like APEC, like ASEAN, like the East Asia Summit. This supports economic growth and also helps us manage complex disputes like those in the South China Sea, and our engagement with nations like Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Burma position us to participate in the dynamic Southeast Asia area, a youthful area with a fast-growing middle class that already numbers in the hundreds of millions.    The $1.4 billion budget for East Asia and the Pacific in 2016 helps us build on these accomplishments. Our requested increase of $75.4 million, which is 6 percent over 2014, will allow us to maintain a robust presence as a preeminent trade and investment partner, a security guarantor, a champion of democracy, development in good governance.    And the $845 million for foreign assistance sustains and expands our funding for the region in areas such as regional security cooperation, inclusive economic growth and trade, democracy, regional institutions, and war legacies in Southeast Asia and the Pacific.    I would add, Mr. Chairman, that 2015 is a very big year for the U.S. in the region. We have got anniversaries, the 70th anniversary of World War II, 50th anniversary of Singapore's independence, 50th anniversary of normalization between Japan and Korea, 20 years since normalization with Vietnam. The ASEAN economic community will be launched this year, a step forward in regional integration. And four Asian leaders will visit the White House, beginning, as you mentioned, with Japanese Prime Minister Abe next week.    We have a lot to discuss. And I am happy to take your questions once my colleague has made his statement. Thank you.    Mr. Russel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Human rights and universal rights--not American values, but universal rights--is a major element of our ongoing dialog with China. In that connection, we miss no opportunity to underscore the importance that we place not only as Americans, but in our partnership and our bilateral relationship with China, on the vitality and the ability of civil society to operate freely and to act.    We have, from President Obama and Vice President Biden on down, repeatedly made the point directly to China's leadership that NGOs, that civil society, that the free exchange of ideas, and the ability of citizens to engage and participate in political life of the nation is a critical element to sustainable economic growth.    We have made the point that, for China to avoid the middle income trap and to move from a manufacturing economy to an information economy, which is what the 21st century requires, it is essential that they allow groups to operate, including and especially NGOs, both foreign and domestic. This is an important part of our dialogue.    In terms of funding----    Mr. Russel. Yes. I have been in meeting after meeting, as I mentioned, with the President, the Vice President, and the Secretary of State, in which we have emphasized that point. I myself have met with Chinese NGOs during my visits to China.    There are areas where the Chinese authorities allow them to operate, but there are constraints. And we believe strongly that the direction that China would be well advised to move in is in loosening, not tightening, those constraints.    In terms of funding, I will defer to my colleague, Mr. Stivers. The bulk, though, of the programs that we support are aimed specifically at the communities in Tibet as part of our effort to sustain the linguistic, religious, and cultural traditions there.    Mr. Russel. Well, we are in discussion. We looked seriously at that set of issues. We want to ensure that Chinese university students and groups, including NGOs, continue to have the opportunity to visit the United States, to study in the United States, and that we, as well as international NGOs, can operate to the benefit of the Chinese people as well as the international community.    Mr. Russel. Mr. Chairman, I have visited Hong Kong. I have met with senior officials there. We have a very active consul general, and we engage both in the mainland and Beijing and directly in Hong Kong with the authorities in all of the political parties and protagonists as well as the business community.    We have made it clear to the Chinese authorities that the international community and the United States expect them to honor their commitments under the basic agreement. We have made clear that the introduction of universal suffrage is a key element to living up to the promise of one country, two systems.    And we have also underscored that the role that Hong Kong plays in the Chinese as well as the international economic community is a function of its tradition of openness and respect for the rule of law. That is a central tenet of Hong Kong's success and, therefore, of China's success.    We believe that a society with the greatest degree of autonomy that listens to the voices of its citizens is going to thrive, and we have made that very clear.    Now, it is for the Hong Kong Government and the legislative council, LegCo, and the people of Hong Kong to decide specifically about the pending proposal from the government with regard to universal suffrage. And so, on that score, we will defer to them.    But we have made clear the importance that we place on allowing Hong Kong's residents to have a meaningful choice in the selection of their own Chief Executive.    Mr. Russel. Thank you very much, Congressman Sherman.    Let me begin with TPP. And perhaps I will not surprise you by saying----    Mr. Russel. Okay.    Mr. Russel. Well, without a doubt, though, with all due respect, TPP benefits the United States and our partners immensely. And we hope that it will----    Mr. Russel. We strongly support and have been active in helping to promote Taiwan's international space and its active participation in appropriate organizations, including INTERPOL.    We want Taiwan to be a member of organizations for which statehood is not a prerequisite, and we want Taiwan appropriately to interact, whether as an observer or as the beneficiary of technical programs and other kinds of institutions.    We very much agree that Taiwan is a net contributor to international law enforcement, and we are looking for ways to build on that.    Mr. Russel. Thank you very much, Congressman Sherman.    There are two indispensable ingredients to America's future prosperity. Number one is security in the Asia-Pacific region. Number two is free trade and open markets. And our rebalance strategy, including TPP, secure those interests for us. We are----    Mr. Russel. Well, thank you very much, Congressman Lowenthal. I will speak to the first part of your question and then defer to Mr. Stivers.    First of all, thank you. Thank you and your colleagues for the support that you have extended to the President's Green Climate Fund initiative. We think that it addresses directly one of the world's greatest challenges and the East Asia and Pacific region in particular.    Given the vulnerability--the huge vulnerability of the region to the effects of climate change, global warming, and rising sea levels, as well as the impact on fish stocks and sustainable food security, we are determined and committed to get at this problem.    No one has been more active and vigorous than Secretary Kerry. And advancing the efforts to deal with and mitigate the effects of climate change are major parts of our Asia-Pacific strategy.    Last November President Obama announced a $3 billion pledge for the Green Climate Fund and the U.S. commitment to reduce carbon pollution. He has worked, as you know, last year to also induce the Chinese to follow suit with strong commitments for carbon emission reduction.    And he has also elicited tremendous support from partner countries, most notably from Japan, whose prime minister will be here this weekend and has pledged $1\1/2\ billion to the Green Climate Fund. Our work with Asian countries on climate is an example of what I would call the rebalance going global.    But for the specifics--Jon.    Mr. Russel. Thank you very much, Congressman.    Briefly, the answer to your question is yes. Our comprehensive partnership and our engagement with the Vietnamese, in the first instance, has led to some milestones on what will still be a long road toward legal reform.    Vietnam ratified the U.N. Convention Against Torture, the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. They have committed to and we are keeping score on their progress on institutional reforms, including revision of the Criminal Code, and that is something that we are supporting.    With respect to the TPP, I am convinced that we would not be seeing nearly the progress that we do see, including on labor, were it not for the promise of the economic benefits that come from free trade with the United States and the other members.    What we are seeing are commitments that are enforceable, with sanction provisions, as in any trade agreement, for noncompliance on labor. We are seeing significant changes in the climate, including bringing steps to bring Vietnam up to International Labor Organization standards, which is a prerequisite for membership in TPP. We are working and will work to develop the capacity, and we will work to ensure that there are proper enforcement mechanisms in place. That is for labor.    I think it is also important, even though Congressman Sherman has left, to say that, on environment, the TPP Agreement, even if it didn't have a single trade provision, would be the best and strongest environmental agreement that the U.S. has ever entered into. And for a country like Vietnam, with problems of wildlife trafficking and overfishing, illegal logging, that is hugely important.    Mr. Russel. Yes. Very briefly, if I may, Mr. Chairman, in response----    Mr. Russel. Japan is indeed our great ally and great friend. We are honored to welcome a visit of the Japanese Prime Minister to Washington and thankful and grateful that the Congress will host him for a speech.    Our partnership and our security alliance with Japan is a major element, in fact, the cornerstone of our regional security policy and, indeed, our rebalance. And Secretary Kerry, along with Secretary Carter, will be announcing the details of our revised defense guidelines on Monday in New York, and this will represent a very major milestone in increased Japanese contributions to the South China Sea and China. I would be prepared to address that, if you wish.    Mr. Russel. Mr. Chairman, I won't speak to the legislation itself. Please allow me to consult with my colleagues and review----    Mr. Russel. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    My brief comment on South China Sea in response, first, to Congressman Rohrabacher's point is simply this: He mentioned rocks. He mentioned sand. The issue isn't about rocks. It is about rules. The issue isn't about sand. It is behavior.    And the United States has for going on seven decades been the guarantor of the security in the Asia-Pacific region that has enabled not only our economic growth, but the growth of the countries in the region, including China.    And that is the responsibility that we will not abrogate. We will take the measures necessary to preserve that and freedom of navigation and mitigate the risk of coercion against our treaty allies.    Mr. Russel. Mr. Chairman, our strategy vis-a-vis AIIB is to use direct persuasion with the Chinese, consultations with friends and partners, and the elements of the multilateral development and other banking systems to try to ensure that the AIIB evolves into a high-quality, transparent, responsible actor that functions in tandem with multilateral development banks and by the same standards that have been developed for multilateral development banks.    It is, I believe, telling that so many major economies held back on a decision to join the AIIB as a founding member until they were satisfied that, number one, the elements in the articles of agreement would be, from their point of view, minimally sufficient to warrant joining, and, second, until they became convinced that, by joining, they would be able to exert influence from within that would help bring the AIIB to a level of governance, of transparency, of standards, of oversight that they consider to be on par with other multilateral development banks.    Our strategy, Mr. Chairman, is to use those other banks like the Asian Development Bank, like the World Bank, in which we have a tremendous leadership role and a long history and a lot of money invested to partner with the AIIB in an effort to address what is, in fact, a genuine need, a need for infrastructure investment in the Asia-Pacific region. We are insistent, however, that that investment should be responsible. It should have appropriate safeguards in terms of debt sustainability and environment and so on.    So the canard that we somehow sought to block the development of a new bank is misguided, but the fact that we are determined and committed to help ensure that China and the other founding members caused that bank to operate at international standards is absolutely right. And Japan is an important partner with us in that effort.    With regard to TPP, first and foremost, although I am not a trade expert, I know that the safeguards to prevent back-door entry to products from non-TPP countries is a central element of the design of the rules pertaining to rules of origin, and that is--that is a principle that has suffused the design and the negotiations of TPP.    More broadly--and it is perhaps precisely because I don't come from the trade world--what is so striking and so valuable about TPP is, number one, the strategic value. This agreement is seen in the region, if not the world, as an example of the United States exercising leadership to establish high standards, inclusivity, and free markets.    We must succeed. Our credibility, as well as our economic interests, are deeply interlinked. We are the preeminent rule-setter, and to set rules that will benefit both the countries of TPP and around the Pacific Rim growing economies and the United States, including and especially of the U.S. middle class, is our responsibility as well as our interest.    But I mentioned other non-trade elements, including environment. But there are more. There are very fundamental good governance provisions in the TPP agreement that go to the heart of our collective concerns about the Vietnamese Government, for example, and about the kind of rules-based system that we want to see prevail in the Asia-Pacific region.    The agreement has anticorruption provisions and dispute settlement mechanisms that are entirely consistent with American values and American procedures. I mentioned labor standards with built-in enforcement mechanisms.    And the digital economy, which is the new frontier, is another area in which TPP contains meaningful protections to intellectual property at the same time that it promotes freedom of information and cross-border migration of data and electronic information.    It also has a chapter on development, which I know Mr. Stivers can speak to. This is a first-ever development chapter in a trade agreement, and it will help promote broad-based economic growth.    The last thing I would mention--I'm sorry to go on long--is that the agreement also focuses very heavily on small- and medium-sized enterprises. That is part and parcel of the advantages that it offers to the United States and to working men and women here. It is also of tremendous advantage in the region in terms of promoting microenterprise, worker participation, access to the global economy, and the flourishing of nongovernmental organizations.    Mr. Russel. I don't want to walk too far out onto the thin ice of speculating on policy and trade matters, Mr. Chairman, particularly at a moment when the TPP negotiations are going on hot and heavy.    However, I will take a few tentative steps in saying first that the line of important economies and countries, a line that includes countries like the Republic of Korea and a line that very clearly includes Taiwan, is starting to snake around the corner, so to speak.    There is a tremendous interest in joining TPP. I think that is a healthy sign. And I at the same time will accept the caution by my friend and colleague and master, Mike Froman, that he needs to concentrate on first things first. Job number one is to close the agreement.    The question of China is something that is widely discussed. I think that the way to look at it is this: The world would be a better place if China were in a position to meet the requirements on trade, on openness, on protection of intellectual property, on environment, on labor standards, that are requirements for membership in TPP. So the short answer is we should be so lucky.