    Mr. Wright. And it is a pleasure to be in the 10th District. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me again to testify.    I am Morgan Wright. I am a Principal of Morgan Wright, LLC. I provide advisory and consulting services to the private sector in the area of cybersecurity, advanced technology introduction, strategic planning, and identity theft solutions. In addition, I am currently a Senior Fellow for the Center for Digital Government. The Center is an advisory institute on information technology policies and best practices in state and local government.    Now, I had the honor of testifying before the Committee on November 18, 2013, concerning the security of HealthCare.gov at that time. Since that time, there has been progress made in addressing security and privacy concerns, but yet I find myself repeating many of the same observations today that I made nearly 15 months ago.    I was posed three questions from the Committee. As to the first question, in the healthcare field, there is an approach they call minimum effective dose, which is the lowest dose level that you need to get a significant response. If we apply that to third-party applications on the site, it is apparent to see that out of the 50 previously reported compared to the 11 I observed this morning when I checked the site again, that was an overdose not needed as evidenced by the action of removing 39 of them since discovery. In comparison, Whitehouse.gov and IRS.gov have only four and two third-party applications running respectively. There is no doubt some level of measurement is needed but 50 is digital overkill.    Numerous questions need to be answered by CMS. Are there any written agreements governing the collection and use of PII? How long has each third party been active on the site? How is the use of data governed and audited? Were consumers ever notified that their PII was being shared with third parties? And these are just a few of the questions.    As to the second question, the security of the site has been a primary point of weakness since before the launch on October 1, 2013. In my previous testimony, I highlighted several major issues prior to and after launch. Among them was the lack of and an ability to conduct an end-to-end security test on the production system. The fact that numerous security flaws, flaws that are the most basic type, are left to be discovered by outside third parties, makes it appear HealthCare.gov is crowdsourcing the security and privacy of this important site.    In September of 2014 the GAO issued a report on the site. The highlights state in part that weaknesses remain in both the processes used for managing information security and privacy, as well as the technical implementation of IT security controls. Just some of the key findings: one of the key findings, CMS has not fully implemented security and privacy management controls. It stated that it did not fully implement actions required by NIST before collecting and maintaining PII.    Another finding: CMS did not document key controls in system security plans. The findings said without complete system security plans, it will be difficult to make a fully informed judgment regarding the risk. Look, if an authorized security decision-maker cannot be fully informed to understand the current risk, it is inconceivable to think that sufficient information exists today to enable 50 third-party applications to operate on HealthCare.gov and to fully understand the associated risk.    Another finding: CMS did not conduct complete security testing. This is an echo of my previous testimony.    And one of the final ones: control weaknesses continue to threaten information and systems supporting HealthCare.gov. And in the finding it said CMS--and this is the troubling one--CMS did not restrict systems supporting the federally facilitated marketplace, FFM, from accessing the internet allowing these systems to access the internet may allow for unauthorized users to access data from the FFM network, increasing the risk that an attacker with access to the FFM could send data to an outside system or that malware could communicate with the command-and-control server.    The unmanaged access to outside connectivity is very disconcerting. The documented activities of Unit 6139A of the Chinese People's Liberation Army and the indictment of five of their members relied upon this exact recipe for their activities. The introduction of third-party applications combined with lack of security, oversight, and control raises the specter of current and undetected state-sponsored penetration of HealthCare.gov. Significant data breaches have been accomplished against far more secure systems.    And as to question three, as NIST continues its leadership role, it has spearheaded the development of the framework for improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity. A review of the framework provides valuable approaches for CMS to utilize in securing the site. The aspect of privacy is so fundamental that it was referred to 30 times in the document. One of the foundational documents is their Special Publication for Information Systems and a key section of the document is Appendix J, Privacy Control. It is a relatively new section but I believe that there is one control under there, AR-3, privacy requirements for contractors and service providers would be applicable in this case to the use of third-party applications and, if followed, would have allowed--would not have allowed for the proliferation of unmanaged data collection.    So thank you for your time and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wright. You bring up--and I appreciate the question. You bring up from my prior testimony, I think one of the fundamental things that has to be done is a complete end-to-end security test of the production system. It is referenced again in the GAO report and Ranking Member Lipinski, even to your comments, there has been a lot of significant progress made. They do need to do marketing but we all want that marketing to be safe. You know, HealthCare.gov isn't about R's and D's. It is about ones and zeros. It has no allegiance to a party. It does what it is told and my concern is that the ones and zeros are not being told to do the right things to protect not only the privacy but the security. You can't have total visibility of a system until you understand end-to-end. And the government would not allow a car to be sold on the open market unless it went through a complete crash test. You cannot test individual components of a car and say it is safe; it has to go through the entire gambit. And HealthCare.gov should do the same.    Mr. Wright. Just a quick follow-up, too. You know, I am not the marketing expert, but however, I do know is that a great marketing product or software implemented poorly is still a poorly designed product. And the concern is is that even though as these things collected data and information, there is a huge issue with the collection of data by several--there are about 52 major data brokers that, if you want to find out what somebody is doing online, their address, we saw this in Ferguson, we saw this with ISIS and the compromise of the CENTCOM site. They are using personally identifiable information to target people.    Ask Colonel Replogle of Missouri Highway Patrol. His information was released by Anonymous and he was specifically targeted. So these things--these programs have consequences if not managed correctly.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you very much.    And I now recognize Mr. Lipinski.    Mr. Wright. My opinion would be yes because it is a--because now what you are mandating is a philosophy and a direction to say everything will be shared except for maybe some certain things. So people may be interpreting what the intent of the Executive Order was and they are attempting to do things, but without clear guidance, without clear structure, without clear privacy and security, you then get the law of unintended consequences, which is the information is used improperly and collected improperly and collected in an unabated fashion.    Mr. Wright. No, correct. And it is not the implication that people's complete PII was released, but when you take pieces of information such as your age, your income, whether you are pregnant or not or you smoke, the whole point about the ability to correlate from large amounts of data sets, your visit at HealthCare.gov combined with information from other data brokers or other things that you have done has now created the opportunity, and actually the end result then is the disclosure because you provided the key components that link behavior on one side or behavior on the internet now to very specific information about you.    The Chair, when she released her statement, is one of the things in my written testimony about MIT. We have now gotten to the point on the internet to where there is so much data floating out there it takes very small steps to be able to create a profile on user to understand where you live, what you do, what your interests are. Marketers use it all the time but the issue--the difference between the public sector and the private sector is if my information gets exposed from eBay, there will be 1,000 attorneys filing class-action lawsuits. Unfortunately, with the immunity of the federal government, citizens don't have the same recourse. So to your point, that higher standard needs to be there. So because I don't have that recourse I should then have the higher standard to not have to worry about that.    But in total agreement, no specific PII was released, but the combination of factors and bringing it all together, it is the totality of the circumstances, not an individual action.    Mr. Wright. Could I actually add just one comment? Is that okay?    To your point, though, actually I think one of the things that would help is really not a technical issue. Back in my day doing work inside the justice, the intelligence community, the one thing that always had to be there was that executive sponsorship, that single point of contact who is what--we used to call it the single throat to choke. I think something that would vastly help and I think the implementation of Accenture over CGI, bringing in people who actually have the ability to do that leadership and create that single point of leadership. I think that is one of the biggest failures is there was no single prime in charge of the entire project. We had a lot of stovepipes, which we know from information sharing caused problems. I think the biggest thing they could do is really get down to that single point of contact, who is the true leader that I can go to, push their belly button, and solve all of my problems?    Mr. Wright. I am with you. I confuse privacy and property all the time. I think I buy too much online sometimes.    My aspect on it though is not from a marketing standpoint, but any time--if you take a penny and you double it, you know, every day for 31 days, you end up with $10,700,000. Every time you add another component, every time you add more things that have to be done, every time you add another third-party application, you just don't arithmetically increase the attack vectors; you geometrically increase all the things you have to defend against.    That is why in my opening statement I talked about, you know, physician, heal thyself. Use a minimally effective dose. Use only the things you need to use to accomplish the mission you need to accomplish. It should be a well-defined business case that has security and privacy impacts understood before you do it, and then when you get things like retargeting and stuff, then you have very limited scope specifically addressed. But to my--from my perspective, you limit the vulnerabilities then to the site and the amount of things that can be exploited because one program of itself may be secure, but combined with another one and a third one could create a host of unintended vulnerabilities you are not aware of because you have never tested that combination of programs before.    Mr. Wright. And actually just one point, I mean do you know how many companies would pay big dollars to guarantee 10 million visitors to their site? I mean it is--there is a--that is, you are right, big money, and there is no choice for them to go to that. And so to that point it does need to be a higher standard because they don't have a choice. Consumers have a choice of going to private websites. They also have the choice of litigation. So with Anthem, with eBay, with all the other ones, there will be litigation over this but is very difficult to sue the federal government.    Mr. Wright. You bring up a very good question. By the way, sorry about the Ducks. They beat Florida State, Notre Dame----    Mr. Wright. --so I am with you on that.    Mr. Wright. Yeah. The issue is--and I go back to it--it is the GAO report. It is what I said November 18, 2013. They have never done an end-to-end security test, so until you do, you do not know that PII has never been exposed. All you can say is as far as we know, which back in my days as a detective always got me in trouble with the defense attorneys, as far as I know, so you don't know everything, you just know that.    Mr. Wright. Well, actually it was a review of controls as opposed to an end-to-end full system security test of the production system.    Mr. Wright. Sure.    Mr. Wright. I remember the initial creation of HIPAA and stuff and I know a lot of that dealt with the encryption. I am not an expert on HIPAA so I don't even want to pretend that I can answer that completely.    Mr. Wright. Yes.    Mr. Wright. Correct.    Mr. Wright. Correct.    Mr. Wright. Um-hum.    Mr. Wright. I think--and it should be very clear because you are on a government system. I mean it is about transparency because that information you are talking about, collection, can also be used to target a consumer from an individual standpoint of access to their medical records, their financial records. We know that these phishing attacks have been successfully done by the Chinese, by the Russians, by other folks targeting specific people. Unit 6139A specifically targeted people by a collection of a lot of information. The more information you can get it, it becomes--to a behavioral standpoint, I used to instruct behavioral analysis like out at the NSA. I will tell you this, that if I can get inside your mind and I can make you believe it is a legitimate email because I have enough detail and I can convince you, now I can compromise your identity.    That is the scary part about medical identity because now that the payment system will be coming online, the ability to commit fraud with somebody's medical identity, as the Chair pointed out, 10 times greater than straight identity theft, the value of that information.    Mr. Wright. My original testimony back in November there is a rule of thumb that says if it costs $1 to fix it before it is launched, it costs $10 to fix it after it is launched. In an observation--    Mr. Wright. Well, I mean it is--what I am saying is that if a problem--    Mr. Wright. It is a tenfold issue. So if it costs you $1 million before launch you could have fixed it, it will cost you $10 million after launch. And, you know, my dad was a World War II vet. They fought and completed World War II, built numerous ships, numerous--thousands, hundreds of thousands of planes and tanks with far less--in far less time, and my concern is this will keep going because they are not addressing the fundamental issues.