    Mr. Danis. Chairman Costello and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify this afternoon on VA's Home Loan Guaranty Program.    I have been in the mortgage business for 23 years and have worked with the VA Home Loan Guaranty Program the entire time. My company, Residential Mortgage Corporation, is an independent mortgage lender located in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Approximately 70 percent of the loans we issue are VA loans. In North Carolina with our large military population centered around Fort Bragg, loans guaranteed by VA are an important part of our market. In fact, their use is steadily increasing. In the latest fiscal year alone, more than 14,000 VA purchase loans were originated in our state, up 13 percent from 2014.    For many reasons I am a staunch advocate of the VA Home Loan Guaranty Program. You see, the homes my parents purchased and where my siblings and I were raised were bought with VA loans. In keeping with our family tradition of military service, I served my country, and my first home was financed with a VA loan.    Much like our company, MBA has been a consistent supporter of the VA Home Loan Guaranty Program. Our industry is united in the belief that the VA remains an important and viable program for veterans and active duty military personnel. Providing 100 percent LTV loans is a tremendous benefit to our veterans who have dedicated their lives to serving our country and is crucial in military communities. But as credit markets have tightened and loan underwriting has become stricter, finding low downpayment mortgages has become increasingly difficult.    Despite most VA borrowers not having skin in the game, VA loans have continued to outperform their counterparts. In fact, the VA portfolio has been able to sustain production, and weather the turbulent market largely due to its historically conservative underwriting standards which includes a residual income test. VA mortgages have always been fully documented, and fully underwritten loans and owner occupied properties. That is why they continue to perform so well today.    Additionally, the borrowers who use the VA program are as diverse as the entire U.S. population. According to VA's 2015 Annual Benefits Report, African Americans comprise 10.6 percent of VA loans; American Indian and Alaskan Natives 8.3; Hispanics 7.8; and Asian and Pacific Islanders 2.6 percent.    In our written testimony, MBA offers a number of policy recommendations for improving VA programs. Chief, among them, we urge the VA to issue a final qualified mortgage rule that establishes clear bright lines for VA lending, and once the rule is issued, we hope that they will permit an appropriate implementation period so that smaller lenders like our company have the time we need to test our systems and ensure we are in full compliance.    MBA also calls on Congress to reauthorize the extended foreclosure protections afforded to active duty military by the Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act, or SCRA. During the financial crisis, SCRA's foreclosure moratorium for active duty military members was extended from three years to a year. Unfortunately, that important consumer protection lapsed at the end of last year. In our view, it should be extended immediately and ultimately made permanent.    I want to conclude my testimony by commending VA and its excellent staff for the collaborative approach they take to policy making, as well as their overall emphasis on maintaining open lines of communication with our industry. We are grateful for our strong partnership, and look forward to continuing to work together on the issues I have outlined here today.    Once again, I want to thank you for holding this hearing and shining a spotlight on the importance of this vital path to home ownership. We look forward to working with you to help our members of our military, past and present, achieve the American dream.    Mr. Danis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Danis. I did, and thank you. As far as the misconception with the question that you asked earlier, I have to agree with most of what Ms. Meadows says. Most of my business is done in North Carolina, which is veteran heavy of course. But I also work in other states that do not have a military presence, and I have come up against the same issues that Ms. Meadows has talked about where as realtors or homeowners in that area are being discouraged from using their VA benefits. And I think it is more of a lack of education with the lenders, the veterans, and the realtors in that area because they do not understand the program. They think it is a difficult and cumbersome program to work through when in reality VA is a very easy loan program to do. With Mr. Frueh, when he talks about his closing times, you know, being in 40-day range, there have been times where I have originated a loan on a Monday and closed it that next Monday. So it can be a very streamlined process. There is no reason why veterans should be discouraged from using their benefits as far as a lender is concerned. The fees can be an issue, but that can always be worked around. Where you talked about where a veteran was discouraged from using his VA benefits, that should not come about. The program is a very easy, a very workable loan program to do.    Mr. Danis. I think it is just education. It is educating lenders and realtors about the program. And then a little bit of experience. We have that experience, but it is not something that is difficult to gain at all.