    Ms. Bass. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. As usual, this is an issue that you have championed for many years. I will share with my other colleague there, I remember years ago watching the case in Brazil, long before I ever knew I would be coming to Congress, and then I get to sit next to the person that championed it, so--along with your leadership for many years.    I just have a couple of questions. I wanted to know if you could describe how our Government is engaging in efforts to prevent these abductions from taking place in the first place, and how our Government measures the effectiveness of programs to prevent the abductions. And then, what actions has the State Department taken to encourage mediation as an option for returning children? Especially to return children from countries that are not Hague Convention participants.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you so much for those questions. We have a number of programs to protect children from abduction, some of them of longer standing than others. All of them are really a part of the Operation Prevent Depart. So we have for children under the age of 16 a two-parent consent rule, which means both parents have to give their permission for a child to be issued a passport.    And we also have a Passport Alert Program where a parent who feels their child will be abducted can notify us, and we will put an alert in the system so that a passport will not be issued unless the parent who put the hold in is notified. And it is hard to know what the success rate is, but it is a deterrent and it works.    We also work very closely with Customs and Border Protection to prevent departures from the United States. We also have the prevention working group that I chair with members from Justice, Homeland Security, it will include Defense now, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and we work on new programs.    This is mandated by the law. It is something that we had started doing before, and we do work very closely with law enforcement. And I think it is effective. As you know, it is easier to prevent the abduction than it is to get a child back.    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ambassador Jacobs. And so we need to do everything that we can, and we look forward to working with you all on strategies that will prevent children from being abducted. I mean, that is the big thing that we can do.    Ms. Bass. And I am wondering if some of the procedures that you are describing are new. I have to tell you, while you were describing the thing about the passports, there is all of these heads behind you shaking no. And so I don't know if that is a new procedure.    Ambassador Jacobs. The two-parent consent rule was instituted in 2008.    Ms. Bass. I see. That is relatively new.    Ambassador Jacobs. It is new, and it is something that we encourage other countries to do.    Ms. Bass. Have you ever had a situation where you were able to--you know, one of the problems with prevention is that it is hard to document something that didn't happen, right? But I am wondering if you ever had a situation where you were able to literally stop it versus--do you understand what I am----    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes. Absolutely. In a couple of--we have--we are fortunate enough to be able to use passport agencies, especially in California, to place prevention officers, so that--and we also have officers in Europe. So we have almost 24-hour coverage where parents can report an abduction in progress, and last year we stopped one in San Francisco.    Ms. Bass. Oh. While they were trying to board----    Ambassador Jacobs. While they were trying to get into Canada. They were trying to get on a plane to get into Canada.    And I am sure you all read about the case at Dulles where a mother was trying to take her child to China, and they turned the United Airlines flight around.    Ms. Bass. No. When was that?    Ambassador Jacobs. The father--I am sure the other passengers were annoyed, but we thought it was a great success.    Ms. Bass. When did that happen?    Ambassador Jacobs. It happened last fall sometime.    Ms. Bass. Wow. Okay.    I yield back, Mr. Chair.    Ambassador Jacobs. And you asked about mediation.    Ms. Bass. I did.    Ambassador Jacobs. We participate in a mediation working group that consists of Sharia law countries and non-Sharia law countries, and mediation does work, and it is something that we suggest to parents. I don't think it is a substitute for the legal recourse that is available in the Hague Convention, but it is something that parents should try if they think it will work.    Ms. Bass. Yes. I am, unfortunately, going to have to leave, but I am dying to ask you a question, because, you know, after listening to the testimony of the three individuals and hearing your story, I wanted to know if you could please explain how law enforcement could do that. I mean, today, what--you know what I mean? You described a couple of cases, but in your case what would happen, what would law enforcement do? In Santa Monica, they would go over to Japan? I don't----    Ms. Bass. Well, why does the State Department have to--because you described--I understand--I think I understand what you are saying in the sense that if we go along the track of the State Department, then that disincentivizes. You are suggesting that we go along the track of the DOJ, and so why would they be disincentivized?    Ms. Bass. So what can we go to change--now, you proposed a hearing, but beyond a hearing what are you suggesting that we do to remedy the situation, to send it on that other track?    Ms. Bass. So new legislation is not necessarily needed; it is just a new focus?    Ms. Bass. Thank you. Appreciate it.