    Mr. Whitaker. Mr. Chairman and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for convening this hearing, and for the opportunity to testify. It is an honor to speak with you regarding this important topic today. I am a partner with Morrison and Foerster, and I have practiced before the ITC, district courts, and Court of Federal Claims for the past 24 years. I am currently the president-elect of the American Intellectual Property Law Association, and serve as a member of the counsel for the ABA section of Intellectual Property Law. I appear today in my individual capacity, however, and not on behalf of my firm or any of its clients, the AIPLA or the ABA.    I offer a few litigator's observations about the ITC's policies and effectiveness in combatting abusive litigation by non-practicing entities, as well as overlapping considerations for litigants bringing patent complaints before the ITC and U.S. district courts, and I do so referring in part to H.R. 4829, entitled Trade Protection Not Troll Protection Act.    Congress intended that the Commission provide the owners of intellectual property rights with broad protections against a wide range of unfair acts of importation. Section 337 is more than a mere surrogate to the district court to the application of U.S. patent laws to infringing imports. Instead, it is directed to trade protection that is informed by U.S. patent law. At bottom, Section 337 protects American jobs and American market strength.    First, with respect to the domestic industry requirement, complainants already have to establish that a U.S. licensing industry exists related to patents being asserted in cases being based on licensing. The proposed legislation would not allow the complainant to rely on the licensing activity unless it is able to show that, ``The license leads to the adoption and development of articles that incorporate the claimed patent.''    While this change could potentially limit the ability of NPEs to use the Section 337 in practice, investigations brought by such entities do not account for many investigations--three in 2014, two in 2015, and just one in the first quarter of 2016. Further, prior to 2014, entities that manufactured and patented articles in the U.S. had a greater burden of proving their domestic industry than entities that relied on their U.S. licensing activities.    As recently confirmed by the Federal circuit, however, establishing a domestic industry based on licensing now requires proof of an article that practices the patent in suit. There also needs to be shown a nexus between the asserted patent and the U.S. investment in that patent when the domestic industry evidence is based on licensing.    With respect to the public interest issues, the Commission introduced new rules that require complainants to submit a separate statement providing specific content with respect to the public interest factors. These rules also provide members of the public, including proposed respondents, an opportunity to respond to the complainant's statement and highlight public interest issues before institutions so the Commission can direct the administrative law judge to make a full record and recommendation on such issues in appropriate cases.    Next, the proposed legislation would require that a licensee join an investigation as a co-complainant in order for licensing activities to qualify under the domestic industry prong. This would require, for example, a research and development entity, such as a university, to persuade one or more of its licensees to agree to be a co-complainant in order to make use of Section 337.    Also, for example, a technology company that licenses some subset of its patent portfolios to others to exploit the technology and that does not exploit that particular technology itself because of its business structure or economic objectives might be impacted negatively by provisions in a bill that tries to reduce NPE filings at the ITC. Remember that Congress intended to open the ITC up to certain non-practicing entities with its 1988 amendments as, ``such a change would enable universities and small businesses who do not have the capital to actually make good in the United States to still have access to the ITC forum for the protection of their rights.'' The Commission also unveiled, as was previously stated, a new 100-day program aimed at providing expedited investigations without burden and cost of a full length of investigation.    For both, legislation may also have the effect of importing the eBay injunction criteria into the ITC's public interest analysis. But the Federal circuit has held that the eBay factors are not applicable in these investigations because of the different statutory underpinnings for relief before the Commission.    Moreover, inadequacy of money damages is not applicable in Section 337 investigations, and as such, there is no equitable balancing of purely private remedial interests, and Congress eliminated the need to establish industry in a domestic--to a domestic industry and investigation covering the statutory acts.    As I see that my time has come to an end, I will leave the balance of my statement for the written record.    Mr. Whitaker. When you say ``does not have to show harm,'' in effect, there is harm that is demonstrated, and that harm is demonstrated through a few means--the active importation, the active infringement, and then the damage to the domestic industry of that license.    Mr. Whitaker. If I follow the Chairman's line of logic, I think that is correct.    Mr. Whitaker. Just one quick comment. One thing that has not been addressed here at all today is that not all exclusion orders, not all remedies at the ITC are the same. There are limited exclusion orders and general exclusion orders, limited being focused just on the respondents that are named, and general exclusion orders, directed to entities that you never can find, and goods that are being brought into the United States that we do not know their source.    And so I think it is important that we state that context that the ITC has a very important role. And I know for clients that I have represented, that is a very important thing. And I think some of the statistics will bear out that as many as 40 percent of the exclusion orders that are issued by the ITC actually rise to the level as being general exclusion orders.