    Ms. JENKINS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I, too, would like to congratulate you on your chairmanship here of the Health Subcommittee. I know you will take the health and wellbeing of Americans very seriously in your new role. I might suggest that you could start today by avoiding many cases of hypothermia and frostbite if you could turn the air conditioning up a little bit, if you could do that.    Thank you for this hearing. Thank you, witnesses, for being here with us today. Medicare plays a very important role for many Americans and certainly the Kansans, folks that I have the privilege to represent. This past year over 485,000 Kansans had health coverage through Medicare. We are holding this hearing today because we have to face the facts, and in July the Medicare trustees released a report indicating Medicare would be insolvent within 15 years if no action was taken to fix the problem.    As has been noted by Dr. Moffit, increases in healthcare spending along with changing demographics as the baby boom population gets older has created a very serious fiscal crisis. And we have to continue to work on solutions so that we can save Medicare for those who have paid into the system currently and for future generations. And I am proud that last year this Committee already took efforts to strengthen Medicare payment and that whole process for doctors which has been a positive impact for seniors and the entire program. But we really have to continue to work toward sensible reforms for these programs so that seniors are not vulnerable to any future consequences.    Dr. Baicker, one question that I have relating to the Medicare Advantage program is how it benefits rural America. I represent 25 counties, predominantly rural. In particular, perhaps you could explain how Medicare Advantage provides additional healthcare choices and benefits for those living in rural America.    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. Great. Thank you. Another concern I have is in Kansas we have a particularly low Medicare Advantage pickup rate with approximately 65,000 Kansans, only 11,000 in my district, enrolled in Medicare Advantage last year. Could you speak to why we may be seeing these low numbers and what we can do to increase them?    Ms. JENKINS. Alrighty. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.