    Mr. Egan. Thank you, Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, and Members of the Subcommittee. I also appreciate the opportunity to appear before you with my colleague, Assistant Secretary Anne Patterson, to discuss the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act.    At the outset, I would like to express my deep sympathy for the families whose loved ones perished in the attacks on September 11th. I grew up in a community in New Jersey that was deeply affected by the World Trade Center attacks, and for much of my career in government at the Departments of State and Treasury, and at the National Security Council, I have worked on mechanisms that would enable our government to confront terrorism, including financial sanctions, and the use of military force where appropriate.    I am going to focus my comments today on the importance of the concept of sovereign immunity to the United States, and our concern that passage of JASTA will lead to harmful, reciprocal--excuse me--legislation and lawsuits against the United States overseas.    The principle of sovereign immunity, which restricts lawsuits against foreign governments, is well-accepted in international law, and was long recognized by U.S. courts as a matter of common law. The United States benefits greatly from the protection afforded by foreign sovereign immunity, and the Department of Justice regularly and vigorously defends our sovereign immunity overseas.    Over the years, Congress and the executive branch have worked together to approach issues of foreign sovereign immunity and exceptions with great caution. The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, or FSIA, was enacted in 1976, following many years of study and consultation between Congress and the executive branch, academics, the American Bar Association, and private practitioners.    The act focuses on the narrow instances in which a foreign state's immunity is denied. For example, a foreign state's commercial activities in the United States or having direct effects here.    The narrow, noncommercial tort exception to immunity was aimed primarily at the problem of traffic accidents, and it provides jurisdiction for torts committed by foreign governments inside the United States that result in injuries here.    Later enacted provisions relating to terrorism prudentially restrict the ability to sue foreign governments in U.S. courts for acts undertaken abroad to those states that have been designated by the executive branch as state sponsors of terrorism: currently Iran, Sudan, and Syria.    JASTA would represent a significant departure from this carefully crafted framework. JASTA would strip any foreign government of its sovereign immunity, and expose the relevant country to lawsuits in U.S. courts based on allegations in the lawsuit that the country's actions abroad made it responsible for an attack on U.S. soil. As Ambassador Patterson noted, a number of U.S. partners and allies have raised concerns about the potential consequences of this change.    The adoption of legislation like JASTA likely would have reciprocal consequences for the United States and increase our country's vulnerability to lawsuits overseas. Reciprocity plays a substantial role in foreign relations. JASTA could encourage foreign courts to exercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials for allegedly causing injuries overseas through groups we support as part of our counterterrorism efforts, circumstances in which we properly would consider ourselves to be immune.    Notwithstanding the care with which the United States operates to ensure that its actions overseas are appropriately calibrated, exposing U.S. national security-related conduct and decision-making to scrutiny in foreign courts would present significant concerns. Such litigation would have the potential for intrusive requests for sensitive U.S. documents and witnesses that we would not be willing to provide. There is a risk of sizeable monetary damages awards in such cases, which could then lead to efforts to attach U.S. government property in far-flung places.    Given the broad range of U.S. activities and presence around the world, the United States is a much larger target for such litigation than any other country. We stand ready to work with this Subcommittee and other Members of Congress to consider these important issues further, and I look forward to taking your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Egan. Mr. Chairman, thanks for that question. I think that the primary difference between the existing exception that you referenced and the change that JASTA would make would be twofold. One would be under the tort exception now. The activity that caused the tort in the United States would have to take place within the United States itself.    And as I mentioned in my testimony, I think this exception was originally created by Congress to address torts that occur, such as traffic accidents, here in the United States.    The change here would be subjecting decisions that may take place overseas and actions overseas in a way that they are not currently covered by current law, and that is the nature--the focus of our concern is on that change.    Mr. Egan. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I do not pretend to stand in the shoes of the 9/11 families, and I understand the need to do everything we can for those families. I think our concern is really the breadth that this expansion of the exception could cause. By subjecting decision making and other operations overseas to our courts, we would be inviting other countries to do the same. We know that other countries follow what we do under the FSIA and with respect to sovereign immunity with great interest, and our concern is that that sort of change could lead to reciprocal actions that would affect our own operations and decision making.    Mr. Egan. I will let Ambassador Patterson speak to the foreign policy and national security concerns we have from our partners. And I am happy to say more about the reciprocal concerns that we have.    Mr. Egan. So, Mr. Chairman, as you know, under the existing terrorism exception, cases are allowed against countries that are designated as state sponsors of terrorism, and that exception has been used. Our view is that that is a prudential approach to this very difficult program.    Mr. Egan. The existing exception was crafted between Congress and the executive branch to allow for a decision and evidence to be looked at by the executive branch as to whether the relevant government has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. We think that is an important check on the process, and it is one that would change with this law.    Mr. Egan. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Egan. Congressman Conyers, I think we actually have seen some litigation in response to the terrorism exception, for example, where we are faced with default judgement from Iranian and Cuban courts in the billions of dollars in retaliatory action that they took in the 1990's and 2000's in response to our creating the terrorism exception.    We do face litigation overseas in the context of contracts and other activities that we would say foreign governments here are not immune from, and we vigorously defend ourselves in that litigation. The change here would be something that would be an additional exception that is not recognized by others in the world at this point, and that is why we are----    Mr. Egan. I am sorry, sir. The litigation that we are currently facing?    Mr. Egan. So, for example, with respect to Iran and Cuba, in trying to resolve claims with those countries, including our own claims, these judgements are put forward by those countries as things that we must resolve before they will consider resolving our claims.    Of course, we believe very strongly that our claims have merit. Theirs do not, but they definitely become impediments in moving forward, including in collecting compensation for our property and other claims.    Mr. Egan. Thank you, Congressman. I think if we were to look back at the enactment of the tort exception that you referenced, I think that the legislative history shows that the focus and the driving force behind that exception was to allow for lawsuits against foreign governments in New York and in Washington, D.C., primarily, for activities that they took--that they undertook here in the United States.    Mr. Egan. I think under that hypothetical, sir, if a foreign government were to take that clear of an action, I think we would have very clear grounds to designate them as state sponsors of terrorism, and they would be subjected to liability under that framework.    Mr. Egan. Yes, if the reason for their designation was the act that is taking place in your hypothetical it would be liability.    Mr. Egan. I think when the terrorism exception was passed in 1996, Congressman, it was passed because I think there was a recognition that national security and foreign policy decision-making must be worked into a process like this.    Mr. Egan. I think that the state sponsor process, which is a fact-driven, intelligence-driven process----    Mr. Egan . Was seen as one that was the appropriate check that would allow for executive branch input into the process.