    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock and Chairman Loudermilk, for holding today's hearing. Thank you, witnesses, for spending Friday morning with us.    As we keep relearning after each new attack, cybersecurity is obviously a critical and daunting challenge. Today the data we create, store, access, and often share online contains information about almost every aspect of our lives. Our collective digital universe is composed of banking records, birth records, personal health files, government records, tax filings, on and on.    Last week, I was going on realage.com to see how long I was going to live, and now the cybersecurity attackers are going to know my cholesterol, my weight, the name of my dog, and the last year I had a cigarette. I took an Alzheimer's test last night online, which results I hope don't show up in my next campaign.    We electronically communicate with our kids' teachers about their academic achievements. I find that none of my kids will return my phone calls but they will text me right back. News flash: None of this information is secure, and immediate access to these digital connections provides tremendous advantages for businesses and consumers. In our family business, we're highly dependent on all the information we've gathered on our customers, the next time Congresswoman Bonamici needs an oil change on her Subaru, for example. It also offers abundant nefarious opportunities for cyber criminals, foreign governments intent on cyber espionage, and perhaps even more dangerous actors.    Protecting against known and emerging cyber threats is an ongoing enterprise that requires consistent vigilance and continuing adoption. Last year's OPM attack was a huge concern for all the federal workers that live in our districts across the country, and there were management and procedural failures at OPM that are now being addressed.    But nobody is immune to cyber attacks, not in the government and not in the private sector. According to Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a nonprofit, nonpartisan, organization that tracks cyberattacks, in 2015 there were 17 reported breaches against .gov or .mil addresses that resulted in access to 27.8 million records. The big one there obviously was OPM. During the same time period, the private sector experienced 184 confirmed breaches that resulted in exposure of 131.5 million records. It's a huge problem for both sides.    I believe that sharing best practices to reduce IT vulnerabilities, educate federal workers is very important. I really look forward to today's hearing. I'm sure there are many lessons that we will learn from you today. I also look forward to the equal certainty that there is much that the private sector can learn from the government, especially the Department of Defense and our intelligence community.    So I look forward to today's discussion, and thank you so much for being with us.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Madam Chairman--Chairwoman.    Dr. Casado, I was fascinated by your testimony, especially the--I'm quoting you a little bit: Once the intruders pass the perimeter security, there's no simple means to stop malicious activity from propagating throughout the data center. This whole notion of unauthorized lateral movement and your call for zero trust micro-segmented network environments, interior rooms with locks, is this recognition built into NIST's cybersecurity framework, moving from just the perimeter security to the internal stuff?    Mr. Beyer. It sounds like an essential part of the cybersecurity framework, it should be?    Mr. Beyer. Closely related to that, Mr. Schneider, you said, and I quote again, ``We are well past the days when a password, even a complex one, will be much more than a speed bump for a sophisticated attacker, and multifactor authentication, combining something you know like a password with something you don't know like a text message is essential for any system to be secure. Is this part of the cybersecurity framework that NIST developed?    Mr. Beyer. So both of these are evolutions to CSF, which leads me to Mr. Wood. You wrote very eloquently on page 4 of your testimony that ``most businesses would prefer the government impose the fewest possible requirements on them.'' We hear that every day in the House. But how many breaches will it take before it's recognized that allowing the private sector, especially critical infrastructure companies, to choose the path of least resistance creates an opportunity that might put our citizens' personal information at risk, put our critical infrastructure at risk and put our national economy at risk. NIST standards, the CSF, is purely voluntary. When do businesses come together to recognize that this really needs to be the mandated standard across the country?    Mr. Beyer. It just seems to me--thank you very much--that we look at so many things that affect us and we have mandated it, and the regulations have to be cost-effective, but we did airbags in cars and 5-mile-an-hour bumpers and seatbelts, you know, healthcare in terms of the FDA. This may be, if it really is this huge threat to our national security and to our personal security, that we think about mandatory standards rather than voluntary, rather than relying on the threat of a lawyer's lawsuit and insurance to somehow cover this. Mr. Clinton?