    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize for being late; I was with Mrs. Roby at the MilCon hearing as well. I apologize.    And so if the question has already been covered feel free to share with me, but I was hoping, you know, the foundation of any IG is the independence of your office. And I followed the issue with the IG Act and the FBI's interpretation of 6(a) and how that has developed over the past year or two.    Can you talk about kind of where things currently stand, and I guess the concern--and I think you raise it in your testimony, rightfully so--that finally the process now instituted by the Department requires the Department's approval for your request or admonition of your request to the FBI to actually achieve it, which undermines, then, the independence of an authority of your office. Can you talk about where that is right now, some of your specific concerns and remedies that would actually really effectuate, you know, the change you need or just enforcement of the current law.    Mr. Jolly. Reviewing it on what standard? I mean, what----    Mr. Jolly. Are they adopting the FBI's position, essentially, when they are reviewing that?    Mr. Jolly. And the Department that you are in charge of serving as the IG for is actually taking the FBI--clearly, I mean, taking the FBI's interpretation of this, right?    Mr. Jolly. Okay.    Mr. Jolly. Right. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Uh-huh.    Mr. Jolly. Right. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Uh-huh.    Mr. Jolly. What is the impact of some of your investigations?    Mr. Jolly. Uh-huh.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. The IG Act is clear.    Mr. Jolly. So the question, I mean it is a bit intriguing, what is the legislative fix or is there one? Is it just----    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Well, I mean it is a real question. Is there anything on the authorizing side in the statute that you would say needs tweaking or is it really just enforcement from the subcommittee?    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Got it.    Mr. Jolly. So the Office of Legal Counsel needs encouragement to issue their opinion----    Mr. Jolly . And the FBI needs encouragement to actually comply with Section 6(a) of the IGL Act.    Mr. Jolly. Yeah.    Mr. Jolly. All right. Thank you. I appreciate it very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. Well, what scares me right now is that the person who says whether or not you can have it, is actually the office that they are supposed to be----    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for being here, Mr. Zinser. I actually have a lot of questioning I promise you, you did not see coming this morning.    Mr. Jolly. I am trying to figure out a way for local fishermen in my district to have more days to catch red snapper than the current nine days. I am telling you where I am trying to get to and this is where you come in. In your testimony, you talk about a continuing emphasis on compliance with the law. So the issue, and I am hoping that you can educate me--and, Mr. Chairman, this is a real priority for me on this Subcommittee--so we have Magnuson-Stevens out there, it is up for reauthorization. And one of the issues that--and this has an enormous economic impact; it is not something to make light of--between commercial, recreational, for-hire, what it means for our economy, for the quality of life in our coastal communities around the Gulf--and Ms. Herrara Beutler is going to talk to you about salmon later.    But here's the issue, and this is really where I want you to educate me. Currently under Magnuson, NOAA, NMFS, the science centers are required to consider third-party independent research when it comes to stock assessments. And I have put together a 30 or 40-person council in my district of all the different sectors. The one thing they keep saying is that the agency will not consider third-party data. And so the closures are based only on the internal data that they have and they are saying ``no, thank you'' to a lot of the third-party data.    My question for you is really in the compliance of the law and how your office, on a macroissue like that, I mean we are talking simple statutory language, how do we push--because we have gone full circle with this--do we need to change the language in Magnuson and, frankly, it comes back to no; we just need the agencies to comply with what the existing statute says.    Mr. Jolly. And enforce it regarding third-party data.    Where does your office come into that in something as, you know, cumbersome as simple compliance with a statute like that?    Mr. Jolly. The amount of data, science, that solves all of this. So my question is how do we get the agency to consider what they are required to consider under the law when it comes to third-party data and science?    Mr. Jolly. Right. That is right.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Yes. And then to evaluate their interpretation of best-available science. It is kind of like the last panel, if the agency is saying, ``Trust us'', we are using the best-available science, it is hard for you to question that unless we have an outside review of how they actually are coming to that conclusion.    And, NOAA and NMFS, they are in my district; they are a constituent entity in my district, so it is something I want to work with them on, but it is a serious impediment to our economy in the Gulf States and to the quality of life. And, if you talk to folks on the water, they say we have more red snapper than we have ever had before.    And then you get into this conundrum because then the agency says, ``Right, see, it is working.''    Mr. Jolly. But at what point do you declare success and begin to open it up.    Mr. Jolly. That is the issue, and Mr. Chairman, we can talk about this offline. I actually think there is a way to work with the agency on this through a cooperative research institute that still stays under the jurisdiction of NMFS, but aligns them--and there is precedent for this within the Department--a cooperative research institute where we know now that third-party inspect researchers, peer-reviewed, have a seat at the table and we know it has to be considered.    So I would like to work with you on that.    Mr. Jolly. I appreciate that.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Jolly. No. I would like to get the Census Bureau to count red snapper in the Gulf.    Mr. Jolly. They are croakers.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I want to follow up a little on questions from Mr. Kilmer and the new era where we are relying now on more contractors, private launch, et cetera. There is several folks who met with us on this notion of equitable bidding requirements and whether or not the soft cross of infrastructure support or other engineering services, or launch support that might be provided by NASA are actually calculated in the bid process for some of the private contractors. Have you done any work in that area or is that a solution in search of a problem?    Mr. Jolly. Okay. And related to that, and it is really just between the disposal of excess assets or the lease of those assets ensuring it is a level playing field.    Mr. Jolly. As we are continuing to expand the use of private contractors, ensuring that the agency is doing it in a manner that is not choosing favorites is including, you know, creating an equitable bidding environment, if you will, for the contractors now that we are increasingly relying on.    Mr. Jolly. Have they been adopting or implementing those recommendations?    Mr. Jolly. Okay. Very good. Thank you very much.    Mr. Jolly. Yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. I am good.    Mr. Jolly. No, thank you.