    Mr. Schmidt. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Schmidt--sorry--Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and distinguished members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me to present the Natural Resources Defense Council's views on the U.S. target to cut emission 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 to address climate change.    We have a responsibility to protect our children and future generations from the effects of climate change by reducing emission of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping pollutants. This can be done in a manner that protects public health, spurs job creation, and helps address the significant damages from climate change. Acting responsibly at home is also an essential component of efforts to secure strong global action including for major emitters. Our actions at home show other countries that the world's largest economy is prepared to rise to the challenge to address climate change.    The consequences of inaction on climate change are grave. We are already seeing the impacts of climate change on our communities and facing substantial costs from these impacts. Strong and sustained efforts to address carbon pollution and other heat-trapping pollutants can significantly decrease these impacts on the U.S. and other countries.    The new U.S. climate target is essential to helping stave off the worst of these impacts. The U.S. target can be achieved under existing law cost-effectively. Under existing law, President Obama has set in motion a number of carbon-cutting actions including carbon pollution standards for America's power plants, improved vehicle efficiency standards, appliance efficiency standards, efforts to address methane leakage, and standards to reduce the climate pollution of coolants used in air conditioners and refrigerators. This new target will build upon these efforts as all these standards have time frames that extend past 2020 to give businesses longer-term certainty for their investment decisions.    The U.S. can meet both its 2020 and 2025 targets using existing laws like the Clean Air Act, energy efficiency laws, and steps to protect our public lands and waters. These cuts can be achieved cost-effectively while helping to create jobs and achieving important health benefits for our children. Time and again, American ingenuity, entrepreneurs, and workers have risen to address great challenges. That opportunity to address this challenge is why more than 140 entrepreneurs recently wrote in support of the new U.S. target to cut its emissions.    As you know, U.S. action at home also helps spur global action. For almost two decades, inaction on climate change in the U.S. has been a major stumbling block to securing strong international action on climate change. When the United States is willing to step forward domestically, it can have a catalyzing impact in other countries. This is evident in the new commitments from China and the recent one from Mexico. As part of the U.S.-China agreement, China's president committed to peak its emission by 2030 with the intention to peak earlier and to build an increased amount of non-fossil-fuel energy to amount to 20 percent of its energy by 2030. This is a commitment to even deeper cuts in its climate pollution that many expected was achievable just a few short years ago. In fact, prior to the announcement, many experts including the U.S. Energy Information Administration predicted that China's emission wouldn't peak until well after 2040, and you can see that in other analysis.    This U.S. action couldn't come at a more critical juncture. As leaders meet later this year to finalize a new commitment to address climate change, this agreement will solidify even deeper commitments from key countries around the world. Already the European Union, Switzerland, Norway, Mexico, and China have announced the outlines of their new commitments as a part of this agreement and more countries around the world like India, South Korea, Brazil, South Africa, and Indonesia are diligently working on their proposed targets as a part of the international agreement.    In summary, let me conclude with, if the U.S. target can be achieved cost-effectively under existing law, when the world's largest economy acts, it sends a powerful signal to other governments that they also can and must act aggressively on this grave challenge of climate change.    Thank you.    Mr. Schmidt. Yes, we do. We draw our conclusions from the vast majority of the climate scientists through the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, as well as the U.S. National Climate Assessment, which surveys the landscape in terms of opinion and views and research analysis of the vast majority of the climate science community. And they have consistently found for the past 15 or more years that, yes, in fact humans are causing climate change, that our contributions are significant, and that there are severe damages coming forward. We are at .8 degrees centigrade increase in temperature since preindustrial levels, and many of the impacts that you have outlined are already being felt.    Mr. Schmidt. Well, I think you are right to point out that oftentimes there is a sky-is-falling analysis that's presented, and we have seen this time and again in terms of environmental protection when the United States first took steps to deal with acid rain. The cost of--the cost estimates for many of the modelers predicted very significant impacts across the economy, and I think we have found that the economy has grown significantly and we, lo and behold, have very much lower acid rain as a result of that. And we have seen that--excuse me--across the board in terms of many environmental challenges.    When we have analyzed what EPA has proposed and what's possible in the power sector, we have found that you can actually make cuts on the order of 36 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 and 44 percent by 2030 in the power sector with net benefits estimated to be up to 70 billion and 108 billion respectively. So these are significant benefits that can be achieved very cost-effectively through things like energy efficiency, you know, assuming real cost of energy efficiency, real cost of renewables like wind and solar, and reasonable transitions in terms of natural gas and so forth.    And so with these kinds of efforts we can see significant benefits to the public and to low-income families as well and still deal with this challenge of climate change.    Mr. Schmidt. Well, thank you. I will keep it brief then.    I think it's true. When you think about the impacts that come from climate change, they are at this--sort of fundamental components of the American economy. How often does it rain, when does it rain, how much temperature variability at certain points? And you're seeing some real-world examples of that in California where they are suffering from very severe droughts that are having a huge ripple effect across the entire economy, in agriculture, and happy to share with you some of our analysis of ocean acidification, which shows devastating impacts potentially across the entire fishing economy of the United States, which is significant, as you know.    Mr. Schmidt. Well, it will have very significant positive impacts we believe. What you're seeing in places like China and India is a massive expansion of wind and solar demands. India has a target to get to 100 gigawatts of solar by 2022. And I was just there in February and I can tell you that there's a huge amount of attention and focus on delivering that. They have lots of sun. They have 300 days of sun, you know, some of the best sun in the world. They also have significant wind potential.    China does as well. Despite this perception that China is not going to do anything for 16 years under this new commitment, that's just not true. They are building a massive amount of wind and solar.    And so what you see happening is that the more that these clean energy markets are growing internationally, that American companies are tapping into this. And this is a key component when we talk to entrepreneurs. They see this huge sort of market potential both within the United States and externally. So the products that they build to meet standards and regulations in the United States now become the kinds of technologies that they can export around the world and tap into those opportunities.    Mr. Schmidt. Do you mind if I add some perspective to that? From our work in China we have a major effort in China working on environmental challenges because it has many, as you know--what we have found consistently--and I think that they are at a critical tipping point. Any time you travel to anywhere in China now you see that the air pollution is terrible. That's a major challenge for the government and they get that because social instability is the thing that scares them the most. And so the number one issue around social unrest today is air pollution in the country, and so that's why we have seen them begin to control the amount of air pollution and coal consumption in some of the key provinces. And just last year was the first time in over--almost two decades that China's emissions actually declined by about two percent. Their coal consumption declined as a result of many of these measures.