    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you--thank the witnesses for being here. Let me ask of Director Botticelli. You know, and let's stay on the subject of heroin addiction. We are in an epidemic that's afflicting Americans from every part of this country of every background, so reauthorization of your office is timely and urgent.    I've heard you speak eloquently and powerfully about how treatment is one of the ways that we can reduce the 17,000 deaths annually from prescription painkillers, and 8,000 deaths annually from heroin. And I have seen firsthand the value of life-saving and life-renewing services offered by community-based nonprofits that provide residential treatment for substance use disorder.    They provide the full continuum of care for addiction, from residential treatment to outpatient to aftercare support upon completion of their program that is essential to them staying clean and being a productive member of society. So it shouldn't be all about throw them in jail and lock them all up. I think this is a disease that needs to be treated.    And I agree with Mr. Turner. Unfortunately, if you are poor, and you rely on Medicaid for your health care, which we know a lot of States have not expanded, under the ACA, there is an outmoded policy, over 50 years old, known as the Institution of Mental Diseases Exclusion, better known as the IMD exclusion, which bars Medicaid from paying for residential treatment at a facility of more than 16 beds. And The New York Times covered this extensively last year about how the IMD exclusion prevents people from accessing the intensive care they need as heroin addiction is surging.    This yields a two-tiered healthcare system, where only people on Medicaid lose access to a kind of treatment that may be clinically indicated and medically necessary. I believe this is wrong, and it must be changed, and I want to join with my friend from Ohio, Mr. Turner, in trying to change that.    Mr. Director, do you agree that people on Medicaid should have access to the same kind of treatment for substance use disorder of people who don't rely on Medicaid?    Mr. Clay. Yeah. And I'm glad to hear about the plan to approve waivers, but what happens in those States that don't seek waivers? Shouldn't this be a national policy?    Mr. Clay. Thank you for your response. My time is up. I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman.