    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Wheeler, I am going to channel my inner Chairman Dingell here and ask for a yes-or-no answer to a simple question.    Isn't regulating broadband providers, but not anybody else, going to create confusion or even a false sense of security among consumers that whatever rules apply to broadband providers will apply to whoever sees their information on the Internet, yes or no?    Mr. Long. Shouldn't consumers have the same protection on privacy issues, shouldn't they assume that they have the same protection, whether they are going over a line or whether they are using a third party? Shouldn't the protections be the same?    Mr. Long. OK.    Even if you can't or just don't want to impose privacy obligations on other entities, what steps should other agencies or Congress take to ensure that consumers' information is protected in a uniform manner on the Internet?    Mr. Long. Regulating the edge providers differently.    Mr. Long. You won't.    Mr. Long. OK.    Commissioner Pai, do you want to weigh in on this?    Mr. Long. Right. I mean, to me, that makes common sense, and that is what I am trying to get to.    Commissioner O'Rielly, do you have any comment on that?    Mr. Long. OK.    Chairman Wheeler, in STELA, this committee requested that the GAO, Government Accountability Office, study the impact of any phaseout of the compulsory copyright licenses for cable and satellite on the related provisions in the communications law. The GAO is currently conducting that study and has yet to report back to Congress on its findings.    I have concerns with the FCC moving ahead and repealing exclusivity rules which are interrelated with these licenses before GAO has reported back to this committee and has made any predetermination as to the appropriate public policy decision. Is it necessary that the FCC phase out these rules now, which seems premature?    Mr. Long. OK.    I will stay with you, Chairman Wheeler. I have a little time here left, I think.    As you know, the committee has been very active in working to find ways to get more spectrum into the commercial marketplace to fuel the growing need for broadband. We have taken a series of legislative steps to make that happen, but the FCC plays a crucial role here also.    One area where we can make quick progress is commercializing the spectrum of 1675 to 1680 megahertz. This spectrum has been the subject of a 3-year-old proceeding at the FCC, and both Congress and the administration have offered budget language encouraging its use for the wireless broadband by 2017. So how and when will the FCC complete these proceedings?    Mr. Long. Yes.    Mr. Long. 1675 to 1680 megahertz is what I am----    Mr. Long. Yes. Not gig, megahertz.    Mr. Long. Yes, I would love for you to get back to my staff on that.    And, as you know, this committee has been very active in working to find ways to get more spectrum into the commercial marketplace to fuel the growing need for broadband. We have taken a series of legislative steps to make that happen. But, like I say, you all play a crucial role. So if you could check that out and get back to me, I would really appreciate that.    Mr. Long. I yield back.