    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you very much for being here today.    It is my understanding that you have established volunteer programs in order to help provide health care to the different tribes, but you also have a loan repayment program that has helped bring professionals into the service. Could you explain to the Committee and myself some other direct examples of how IHS is working to address the health care provider shortage and how the loan repayment program has been helpful to you?    Mr. Joyce. I have been a beneficiary of it because my primary care physician has come from that program.    Mr. Joyce. So I understand the need for it.    Mr. Joyce. Can you describe how the services provided, through the Public Health Nursing program are cutting readmissions to hospitals?    Mr. Joyce. It is going to be the primary care physicians, the nursing staff going forward because of the shortage.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Joyce. No.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you. Hello, Madam Secretary, and thank you very much for the call last week. I am sorry we did not touch base.    I just wanted to follow up on the President's 2016 budget. He requests $250 million for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, or the GLRI. This current Fiscal Year, the GLRI receives $300 million in appropriated funding. Given that the Department of the Interior has been the number two recipient of funds from the GLRI, how is this proposed $50 million decrease expected to impact the Department and its Agencies' work in, among other things, restoring habitat, performing invasive species research, monitoring and control, and providing technical assistance?    Mr. Joyce. But you receive a good portion of that. That is why I wanted to go through this issue because our President is from Illinois along the Great Lakes, and the GLRI is a tremendous bipartisan initiative. Last year he proposed funding it at $275 million, and this year he proposed funding it at $250 million. That number keeps decreasing, and the number should be set a lot higher than that, because of the bipartisan nature. The GLRI is currently funded at $300 million, and we are hoping to continue that success, and you will be a recipient of that. We are fighting for you.    The GLRI has provided approximately $1.96 billion toward restoration efforts since its initial year of funding in FY 2010. As of August 2014, it has spent $1.23 billion on 2,214 projects in the Great Lakes ecosystem. GLRI funding had led to the de-listing of three areas of concerns: Presque Isle Bay, in Pennsylvania, Deer Lake in Michigan, and White Lake in Michigan. The funding has also been used to complete all necessary remediation and restoration activities at three areas of concern in 2014, one of which is the Ashtabula River in Ohio. I was there on the day it was being de-listed.    This is the final step before this legacy pollution area can be delisted entirely. Given, Madam Secretary, the progress made in completing all of the necessary remediation and restoration actions, I request that you advise as to what support will the Department of the Interior and its services, such as the Fish and Wildlife Service, as part of the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force provide to Ashtabula and the surrounding watershed should the area of concern be fully delisted. What post area of concern support will be provided to these communities?    Mr. Joyce. One last question if I could. The funding numbers from 2009 to 2013 show that more than half a million dollars went toward efforts to prevent the spread of Asian carp between the Ohio River and the Great Lakes basins. Moving forward, what is the timeline for establishing an entity similar to the Asian Carp Regional Coordinating Committee for the Ohio River Basin? What levels of support, both financial and technical; resources are planned for the Ohio River Basin Asian carp efforts in the 2016 budget?    Mr. Joyce. The Fish & Wildlife service has been very good about cooperating.    Mr. Joyce. I am not trying to put you on the spot. We just need help. And I yield back.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, Administrator McCarthy, and I am sorry you had to wait for us.    As you know, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative or GLRI, has provided approximately $1.96 billion toward restoration efforts since the initial year of funding in fiscal year 2010. In the current fiscal year, the GLRI receives $300 million in funding. The President's fiscal year 2016 budget requests $250 million for the GLRI.    Given that the EPA is the lead Federal agency implementing and administering the GLRI, how is this proposed $50 million decrease expected to impact the EPA's efforts to restore and maintain the chemical, physical, and biological integrity of the Great Lakes Basin ecosystem?    Mr. Joyce. It just does not make much sense to me that our President, being from Illinois, a border state of the Great Lakes, initially this being one of his projects, and we realize the funding should be $475 million, and last year he proposed $275 million, this year $250 million.    We rely on the bipartisanship of this committee and the people who care about the Great Lakes to continue to come up with the funding. Obviously, they want to reprioritize that somewhere else because Secretary Jewell told us yesterday these budgets are set to their priorities, and I think the Great Lakes should be the number one priority. I do not think of it is as a lake or a series of lakes. I think of it as a national treasure that we need to take care of.    Mr. Joyce. Is the EPA prepared and able to use GLRI funds, if needed, to support key actions to prevent Asian Carp and other invasive species from entering the Great Lakes from the Mississippi River Basin? For example, if funding for the Army Corps of Engineers in fiscal year 2016 is inadequate to move forward quickly with the development of near term control measures at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam, would GLRI funds be provided to supplement their budget for this work?    Mr. Joyce. Let's move on to another Great Lakes issue, if I could, the algal blooms. Can you talk about specific provisions within the budget request that will help the EPA prevent, or respond to, the contamination of drinking water from harmful algal blooms, such as occurred last summer in Toledo, Ohio?    Mr. Joyce. This week, the House passed the Drinking Water Protection Act, with my support, by a vote of 375-37, which in my two years around this place is big numbers.    This bill would direct the EPA to develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for assessing and managing risks associated with cyanotoxins in drinking water provided by public water systems.    What is the current status of efforts to establish national health advisory levels for microcystin and other cyanotoxins?    Mr. Joyce. Thank you. I was wondering if I could yield some of my time to the distinguished lady from Minnesota if she has further questions.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Joyce. Can I piggy back one question on Brownfields?    Mr. Joyce. Can you tell us what plans you have to leverage the funding for Brownfields by partnering with states, municipalities, and private investors, to further advance the clean up efforts?    Mr. Joyce. No worries. I have seen this work in my own district, and I would be glad to emphasize that to the people where the sites exist now as to how they could work in conjunction with you to clean up those sites.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Joyce. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to address one question to Director Roessel.    The Department of the Interior has recently conducted an inspection of the Moencopi Day School, located on the Hopi Reservation adjacent to Tuba City, Arizona, to determine the quality of safety measures in place at BIE-funded schools to prevent violence against students and staff from internal and external threats. The OIG found Moencopi Day School's safety measures to be inadequate. Specifically, the school did not have a comprehensive emergency plan. In addition, training in violence prevention and emergency preparedness was found to be inadequate. Of the 18 safety measures OIG checked for, Moencopi Day School did not have 12 in place. The OIG issued reports in 2008 and 2010 on this same topic and concluded that schools were not prepared to prevent violence and ensure the safety of students and staff. Moencopi Day School was not among the schools previously visited. This is a serious issue. Can you point to specific provisions within the FY 2016 budget that will help schools such as Moencopi Day School improve its safety measures and its violence prevention and emergency preparedness training?    Mr. Joyce. I am not trying to put you on the spot, sir. I come here after serving 25 years as a prosecutor, and unfortunately, this is the three-year anniversary of a school shooting in which three kids were killed and many more kids wounded, so it is something near and dear to me. I am not making light of this or trying to put you on the spot. I just want to make sure our kids are safe.    Mr. Joyce. And you have adequate funding to do that? Well, there is never enough. In your funding process, you are looking forward to doing that?    Mr. Joyce. Great. Thank you. I have no further questions.    Mr. Joyce. I have a question. Who represents you?    Mr. Joyce. Who represents you? Do you have a legal office or Department of Justice or somebody that represents you to take action on that?    Mr. Joyce. Yes.    Mr. Joyce. They should. Thank you.