    Mr. Gostin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman Murphy, Representative Castor, and the House subcommittee. I'm going to discuss four is very briefly. First is the President's supplemental appropriation. Secondly, how we continually under-invest and the financing of these kinds of ongoing threats. Third, our public health measures like travel isolation, quarantine. And fourth is child, maternal, and reproductive services.    First in terms of the President's appropriation which I strongly support. So why act now? Well first, as you've heard from the first panel, there's a clear and present danger to the United States and our hemisphere. The United States is the global health leader, humanitarian leader, and we are the major leader in our own hemisphere in the Americas and the Caribbean. We also have our own domestic homeland to protect.    We remember when Ebola arose here in Dallas and other places, how ill-prepared we were, and the public would not accept that. Ebola taught us a vital lesson to act quickly, act decisively, mobilize funding, and attack the hazard as its source. There have been four global commissions since Ebola. I was a member of two of them, and they have strongly urged us to act and act now.    I remember during the Ebola appropriations and when the President sent military forces and the Department of Defense into West Africa. I was on PBS News Hour and they asked me what I thought, and I said I was very proud of America, and I think we need to be proud of America now in our response to Zika.    Should we take Ebola funding for Zika? I think we should not. We would be robbing Peter to pay Paul. This is still a major threat in West Africa. We promised to rebuild and strengthen the decimated health system in West Africa, and America's word is its bond, and its leadership should never be placed in doubt. And that should be on a bipartisan basis, in my opinion.    Zika, moreover, has a deep moral as well as a health dimension. I'm a public health ethicist, and if you had a hearing, for example, nine months from now and there was a mother with a microcephalic child here and we failed to act decisively now, I think the American public would find that unacceptable.    From financing, we have continually underestimated our financing needs. I was a member of the National Academy of Science's Global Health Risk Framework Commission. They said that an Ebola epidemic, a SARS epidemic, an influenza epidemic, and now Zika could affect up to 10 percent of global GDP in the affected areas, and the commission suggested that there was an estimated $60 billion loss to GDP every year expected with $6 trillion in the 20th century, in the 21st century. With that, the President's $1.8 billion supplemental appropriation to me looks modest and would reap great benefits. I would also support a contingency fund so that we don't have to mobilize funds in the midst of an epidemic.    Third are public health measures. I believe that the CDC was absolutely right in its travel advisory for pregnant women. In fact, the CDC went further than the World Health Organization. I think it was right to do that. I think any of us if we had a daughter who asked us if she were pregnant should she go to a Zika-affected country, we would tell her what the CDC is telling her, that she should consider postponing that travel. But I would not go further and have travel restrictions or bars, isolations, quarantines, or border controls, some of which were used during Ebola, some successfully, but many not. I think there would also be Constitutional challenges appropriately to many of those measures.    And then, finally, I believe that we need to be very attentive to child, maternal, and reproductive services. Pope Francis supported the use of contraception particularly in relation to Zika. We have women in the United States and in Puerto Rico that need reproductive services and health care services for them and their children, and we shouldn't let them down if they're under-insured or uninsured.    So I thank you, Mr. Chairman and the committee for your clear recognition of this health threat facing the United States and the Americas, and for your leadership in this regard.    Mr. Gostin. The other thing to consider is for women who are considering getting pregnant but are not pregnant now, what we tell them, because they won't necessarily go to their physician's office. That's why, in addition to education in the doctor's office, I think we need to do public health information campaigns to advise young women about what their risks are so that they can make well-informed decisions. And this is particularly important with the Rio Olympics that are looming, because although it will be the Southern Hemisphere's winter, there still will be active transmission. And they'll be coming then to the northern height of the summer where we could then see local transmissions here. So those are all kinds of things to consider in addition to the fact that, as you've all said, you have so much interchange between Puerto Rico, other U.S. territories.    Mr. Gostin. Yes. It's a very good, actually, because one of the things we've learned with SARS, with Ebola, with so many novel infectious diseases, and it's more true, or at least as much true with Zika is that we can't just be defensive in the United States. You actually have to go to the source of the infection; that, in other words, to protect ourselves we also need to protect the people and the ecosystem, and the mosquito population.    Mr. Gostin. Well, I believe that for health reasons and for moral reasons we should encourage it. There are particular countries that have told women not to become pregnant for a year, 2 years, and more. And as Pope Francis said, we need to give them the tools to be able to achieve that goal. And, of course, if they do have infants, then we need to give the mother maternal health care, we need to give the child services. I think it's very important. And, of course, it's important in Puerto Rico because Puerto Rico is going through a major financial crisis, bankruptcies. It's Medicaid system is in shambles. And part of the President's appropriation request is to support that and it seems to me that as a territory of the United States it's very important. But also because of the interchange of travel between people in Puerto Rico and the United States.    Mr. Gostin. They have not yet, but what we saw with Ebola was that even before governments were implementing policies, the airline industry was doing that. This is a major financial issue for the industry, as well, particularly again because of the large travel to the Olympics and others, people canceling their flights, so I think it's very important for the United States Government and other governments to work with the airline industry to make sure that they follow the best public health advice.