    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for joining us today. What is the future of nuclear power in America, or let me rephrase the question, in the world?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, the question becomes, maybe you can explain if there is any, your interaction with other countries' design standards, because to Mr. Calvert's question, the reality is, if we are going to have nuclear power, we are going to have problems with nuclear science, the waste, the technology getting in the wrong hands, the switches being flipped to potential military uses. So while I understand that is not the fullness of your charge, nonetheless, you are out on point creating regulatory atmosphere to ensure safety, but also, I would hope, to be helping us think strategically about how to prevent non-proliferation of harmful technology and new options for dealing appropriately with waste and other problems. This is the second part of the question. If you would return to the small modular reactor, what does that buy us in terms of those questions I just posed?    Mr. Fortenberry. Yeah, assuming this is the way of the future and these become scalable and easily replicable, it does not lessen the deeper, harder questions and in fact it makes it worse, not just in terms of your job and making sure the immediate site is secure and that there is not going to be any significant accident but this larger issue of the problematic strategy that is facing humanity or the problems that are facing humanity in general about a strategy in which we control this technology and all of the potential harm that can come from it.    Mr. Fortenberry. Mr. Chairman, does he have time?    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you. I am going to return to the earlier question particularly as you brought up the interaction you had with the International Atomic Energy Agency and standards setting worldwide. I see the IAEA as growing not only in relevance but prominence and necessarily so given the trajectory of nuclear and nuclear threats. The mission of the agency seems to be shifting from one of ensuring safety to one of ensuring nonproliferation and that is a very important shift. So explain your interaction with--this is a mysterious question to me how we do provide funding for them through a variety of means. Does any of that come from your agency?    Mr. Fortenberry. All of the questions I have asked are pointed at the need for all of to think strategically about I think to your earlier point we all do this we tend to get captured by what is in front of us rather than what ought to be or could be. Because of your clear leadership in terms of setting policy or enforcing policy that to me dictates a certain necessity of relying on you as well for strategic advice in this regard.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you.    Mr. Fortenberry. Speak about the problem of small modular reactor, I do not want to go there on this one. I want to talk about renewable energy in a macro sense in terms of both capacity and the storage issue, and then implementation in a micro sense, the distributed generation, even down to the home owner level. I live in Nebraska. We get about 7 percent of our energy from wind. The surrounding states vary from 20 percent to 30 percent. We have got a little bit different model for energy generation in that we have a public power system and some transmission infrastructure challenges that I think have precluded the rapid development of wind.    But, nonetheless, the cost of wind has come down 66 percent, I understand. What do you foresee, in terms of your own research, in terms of potential further declines in wind to make it even more competitive? And then the storage issue, research on the storage issue? And then integration of wind as well as solar on a micro level along with the micro storage issues? What is research looking like, the trajectory of research in that regard?    Mr. Fortenberry. Incentives for demand or incentive pricing for catch of demand?    Mr. Fortenberry. So basically you run your dryer at night?    Mr. Fortenberry. And get a credit for that?    Mr. Fortenberry. Oh, good.    Mr. Fortenberry. Right.    Mr. Fortenberry. So define microgrid?    Mr. Fortenberry. I mean, I think that is where we are at in terms of we shifted to the concept of distributed generation and there has been some mild implementation of that. In California it is more possible with solar than where I live. But at the same time, you know, if it was cost affordable, feasible, why not think about, particularly in new home construction, becoming your own micro energy farm through a combination of not only wind and solar micro wind, but also geothermal? I understand there might be on the horizon solar panels that basically look like windows now that are translucent, and that takes care of this problem of aesthetics as well.    Anyway, just speak briefly, if you could, to the technologies that are on the horizon for storage that will further empower integration of renewables into the overall portfolio and then drop prices that make it more feasible for micro systems to develop? I mean, where are we at in this? That is the core of my question.    Mr. Fortenberry. So what is the time horizon on the integration of these technologies in reality into the market system?    Mr. Fortenberry. Or just through the accounting methodology?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, I mentioned this to the Secretary, and I will defer to you in just a moment. I integrated a geothermal into my home. My home is about 25 years old. So I was glad to do that. I want to make advances in this regard. The payback period is probably on the outlying end of the spectrum, 10 years. It might be as early as seven. But this was made possible by tax credits, state loans, as well as rebates from the manufacturer given the timing I put in, and rebate from a local utility. It is complicated frankly.    Mr. Fortenberry. And so if you wanted to do this in a much more aggressive way, moving your home toward, in effect, being an energy farm, integrating solar geothermal smart metering, as well as the possibility of micro wind, is complex. Are there models out there in which this is being done successfully? Even in the area of the country where I live?    Mr. Fortenberry. Yeah, I will work on that for you. You just get us the technology, okay? I agree.    Mr. Fortenberry. Changing cultures and carrying forward legacy costs, and it is complicated. I get it. But when do you think this technology, I know it is hard to predict, on a larger scale what we have talked about, being more fully integrated, what is your trajectory? Are we looking at two years? Twenty-five years?    Mr. Fortenberry. Without providing too much work on you, would you write up just a brief summary of some of those models that are out there?    Mr. Fortenberry. I appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you. We are in the final phase of the Bioenergy Research Center funding what has been the outcome?    Mr. Fortenberry. Are there plans to propose continuing this funding?    Mr. Fortenberry. Define biomanufacturing.    Mr. Fortenberry. So we can call it spider competition.    Mr. Fortenberry. How much has been spent on the ITER Project?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well it is a big number. It has had its problems. What is its potential?    Mr. Fortenberry. How is the coordinating entity, who is the coordinating entity?    Mr. Fortenberry. So how much do we refine or impact that culture?    Mr. Fortenberry. So you know the difficulties of design by committee and then add on that design by international committee and you have a recipe for potential stagnation. And then it is an unknown outcome here I recognize it is experimental on frontier type research but it has been going on a long time and it does not seem to have produce any positive results.    Mr. Fortenberry. Well let me ask you about our own domestic experiments--are they showing any promise in this area?    Mr. Fortenberry. And what are the projections for or the timeline for completion for experiments and potential outcomes?    Mr. Fortenberry. All right thank you.