    Mr. EYSINK. Thank you, Chairman Boustany, Ranking Member Doggett, and Members of the Committee for this opportunity to share with you some of the progress Louisiana has made in reducing fraud, waste, and abuse in the Unemployment Insurance system and, also, to suggest an approach which may improve the performance of the system while lowering its costs across the country.    That focus should be on reemployment activities. During the Great Recession, it became apparent that claimants who got help from the State and local staff in all of our offices got a good result faster than those who relied only on our self-service tools to look for work entirely on their own.    Now in Louisiana they must appear almost every 2 weeks during the first 10 weeks of their claims for coaching, labor market information, job search assistance, assessments or other services identified in their customized reemployment plans. They must conduct certain fundamental job search actions in our system so that we can continue to validate their eligibility.    And it is working. About 75 percent of otherwise eligible claimants initially fail to meet the requirements and their benefits are suspended. Only about one-third of those with suspensions returned to the system to comply and resume their benefits. That means about half of all claimants who receive an initial payment are quickly disqualified. Crosschecks against our wage records and new hires databases shows that only a small percentage of those who are disqualified, in the single digits, do not return to work.    Last year an analysis by Louisiana State University economists showed that, since we launched this program, our trust fund has grown in the tens of millions of dollars, more than they could account for by the strengthening of our economy. Louisiana's unemployment rate is 1.2 percentage points higher than the national average, but the average duration of benefits is more than a week less.    Congress deserves a lot of credit for this approach. You launched and funded the Reemployment and Eligibility Assessment Program to help States and their claimants recover from the Great Recession. Our brand is blended with that program. It is more intense and it more tightly integrates unemployment insurance with workforce development and job placement. It is proving to work well in better economic times, also. We are not the only State experimenting with variations of this theme, but more States should join us.    Another very important benefit of having people show up in person and prove they are who they claim they are is that it blocks them from being able to use others' identities for fraud. This is as true for identity theft rings as it is for an individual who borrows the identity of a friend or a relative who is incarcerated. And if they are already working, they can't show up to try to maintain eligibility for benefits.    This summer we will launch the second phase in the modernization of our Unemployment Insurance system. It will greatly increase automation, reduce costs, and improve integrity by, among other things, building in 40 different crossmatches with State, Federal, and private databases. These crossmatches will verify each claimant's identify in realtime and force claimants to address discrepancies before they can complete their claim.    Mr. EYSINK. Those discrepancies, for example, could be a Social Security number that doesn't match their name or birth number associated with it or it could be that the claimant identify matches a prison inmate.    I want to give you an example of a crossmatch that is really working today, as proposed to us by Texas and jointly developed by our two States. Many claimants work in one State and live in the other across the border. Those claimants still have to register for work in the State in which they leave.    Well, we weekly swap information on those claimants and those who don't register are disqualified. So far, since that program began 3 years ago, we have together avoided $36.7 million, an estimate, of improper payments in our two States. The total programming and implementation cost was just $43,000.    We are also instituting the same kinds of integrity on the employer side. We have a portal which they have to use to file their wage records. When they file, we validate the identity of the employer, but also the identities of their staff members who engage in that system, so that nobody can commit fraud from that side or file false reports. It has improved our error rate dramatically and lowered our costs.    Finally, I want to talk about--I leave you with one thought. I do not believe that States have to choose between good customer service and paying claims timely, on one hand, and UI integrity, on the other. It does take time and money to rebuild a broken system, but it is possible to improve service and integrity at the same time. And the investment is returned many times over. In 2008, our system ranked very poorly, 52nd or 53rd against other States, for many indicators, other states Guam, Puerto Rico and D.C.    Today we are doing much, much better. Our improper payment rate has been cut to about the OMB threshold and continues to improve. We have reduced the duration of claims, and we are a national leader, I believe, in identifying misclassified workers.    The cost burden of our Unemployment Insurance system as a percentage of payroll is the second lowest amongst the States. We could not have made these improvements without the persistence and support of the Department of Labor and the great ideas and lessons learned from many other States. Such collaboration, along with the State's ability to develop solutions that best fit their own circumstances, are keys to the continued improvement of the entire system.    I am happy to answer any questions. And thank you for your time today.    Mr. EYSINK. It is a serious problem, and it is, I think, where we have to be more vigilant in the future than we have been today. I think that is the next frontier in fraud prevention, is these rings that get very sophisticated about the data that they get through hacking or whatever means and then use it to defraud our systems.    But I think, at least I hope, that our approach of requiring claimants to show up in person will allow us to stop any claims like that very quickly. I think validating identities and so forth with all of our crossmatches up front will prevent many of them from getting the claim through the first screen.    And the other, I think, requirement in every State that would prevent a lot of this, too, is the work registration requirement. It is unlikely that somebody who has a system to defraud Unemployment Insurance directly is also going to be able to meet the work registration requirement which, in most cases, is an entirely different system, and that needs to be enforced very widely.    Mr. EYSINK. It is very expensive and difficult for States that have not yet moved off of their old mainframe systems to implement these crossmatches and all these other interfaces. I think the States--and I think it is in the teens now that have launched these new systems. We are in process.    It gets much easier when it is a Web-based system dealing with a Web-based system. But there is a cost associated with that that will have to be borne. The benefits are great to the trust funds, but the cost is borne on the administrative side.    Mr. EYSINK. For us, we are going to spend close to $10 million to modernize our system. Other States could spend considerably more than that, depending on the route they have taken or the method that they are taking, working with other States or not or going alone. Several States have tried and failed. So they are having to duplicate those costs again. It can easily get into the tens of millions per State.    Mr. EYSINK. It can take--for us, it is going to take, probably by the time we are done, a little over 3 years to make that whole transition.    I would say there are some relatively unsophisticated things States can do to protect against some kinds of fraud, for instance, scan for sequential Social Security numbers. It sounds obvious, but some of these rings just crank them out like that. The other thing is multiple claims from seemingly unrelated people going to the same addresses.    Mr. EYSINK. It was difficult to implement because it required a change in practices and culture in our one-stops around the State. They didn't schedule. It was all walk-in traffic.    But now we have to schedule those visits when they have low walk-in traffic so that people don't get stacked up and wait. They have to do some activities in a classroom style. But these are just logistics issues.    There is some expense in that it requires staff and many officers who they really could not afford to have at the time. There are some facilities expenses. Not all of them are really equipped for that volume of people. But these are logistics issues that can and should be solved.    Mr. EYSINK. I think having people show up is what has been most effective for us. But I think that there are a couple of other things, too. And I agree entirely with the description of what is fraud, waste and abuse.    There are two sources of improper payments. One is clearly as a result of errors and, therefore, is wasteful. And that is when employers who pay all of the UI taxes don't report timely or comprehensively to requests for information so that we can accurately adjudicate those claims. We have to do a better job of training our adjudicators, but employers hold the biggest key to solving that issue, and that is wasteful.    Abuse. It is the law that, when somebody who is receiving benefits goes back to work, once they start earning, they are not eligible anymore. But, in their mind, they translate that often into the fact that they hadn't received their first paycheck yet. So they still try to claim for the first week or two that they worked before they got their first check.    No question about whether that is fraud or abuse. Did they really know, had they been through that before, you know, and so forth. And then there is obviously fraud where people just out and out set out to get money that they are not due and they know that.    In the abuse case, employers hold the key to that, too, and that is reporting to state and national directors of new hires as soon as they hire somebody and give us the start date through those databases so we can crossmatch. But those are bigger leakages of money out of the system than fraud.    Mr. EYSINK. Yes, Congressman. First, I want to point out that all improper payments are not fraud and that improper payments can occur when everybody is acting in good faith, and often they do.    For instance, there could be a decision made in adjudication to award Unemployment Insurance claims and later on during the process, after the claimant has started to receive benefits, those awards are overturned for--as I say, in cases where there is just a difference of opinion on how the facts should be applied to that case.    Also, many of these improper payments are recovered. We and, I think, nearly all States, if not all States now, recover or seize overpayments from tax refunds, both State and Federal, and we recover millions of dollars that way every year.    Mr. EYSINK. The recovered amounts are not included in the numbers reported for States and what their improper payments are. So I doubt that they are included in that $5.6 million, but I can't tell you for sure.    Mr. EYSINK. Thank you. As with any good idea, I wish I had had it before the person really had it. I think both the name, to call it the PERP Act, I think that is great. In Louisiana, we prevent people from getting hunting and fishing licenses if they have defrauded our UI system. So anything that gets to people to what they want to do, that is going to, you know, what their passion is, if we put a barrier and the barrier is paying what they owe before they can go do what they want to do, I think that would be helpful. I think continuing to push forward with the development of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence, which is being stood up now, I think that is very important, particularly as we get to the new frontier of fraud schemes that are much more sophisticated, and requiring collaboration amongst the States, all of the States, the Federal Government, and all of its agencies that are relevant to these particular programs.    And then another big thing I think, you know, we have spoken and there was some very good questions about the difficulty in interfacing with different databases. There are databases that all of the States should be able to easily interface with. It doesn't make sense to me that all 50 States need to go develop their own contract, if it is a commercial database, or their own particular little interface, if it is a Federal database that we all should be connecting with. So I would advocate for the Department of Labor to get information from States on what those databases should be and to develop a single interface with that entity so that we are all connecting the same way. And maybe that could be made available through existing means that now, maybe through the National Association of State Workforce Agencies which operate some of those tools on behalf of all States and the Federal Government. There might be easier ways to actually connect these databases together.