    Mr. Wilson. I want to thank Chairman Mac Thornberry for his promotion of acquisition reform, experimentation and agility. I believe he is really making a difference and with your help.    In particular, Secretary Stackley, what lessons can you draw from the experience of building a prototype laser weapon system on the ship Ponce that might illustrate the value of prototyping as well as the limitations?    Mr. Wilson. And speaking of systems, the success of a nuclear Navy, with submarines, with aircraft carriers, other ships, with the reactors that are located, what research is being done to promote small modular reactors that can be used at military facilities around the world to make them independent of electrical grids?    Mr. Wilson. The success, again, of the Navy for decades should be replicated with SMRs, and I wish you well.    For each of you, General, thank you.    Mr. Lombardi, thank you for being here.    What challenges or limitations do you see from the acquisition community in pulling good technologies developed by science and technology, S&T, investments into the acquisitions programs of record?    General Williamson. Sir, I would say that is consistent with some of the discussion that we have had today in that how do I, one, have more awareness of those programs? So the work that is being done out in Silicon Valley in terms of exposing some innovative companies to our requirements I think is a great start. The problem for us is, because I am not completely sure, how do I create head room within programs so that I can bring those in as I discover them and plan for them? I think that is the biggest challenge for us right now, is identification and then the ability to have enough agility to fund them as we discover them into a program.    Mr. Wilson. I am glad you mentioned Silicon Valley. I am very grateful for the efforts of Secretary Carter working with Silicon Valley to address the challenges of cyber warfare and conflict.    Secretary.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you.    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas.