    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Legomsky, let us go back to your political theater remark, because there have been two lines on that political theater that our friends on the other side of the aisle have played over and over again for audiences around the country.    One of them was kind of found in your testimony, your written testimony, that this Administration is okay because they have removed more immigrants, illegal immigrants, than any other Administration. In fact, you state in here that they have removed, I think you said 2 million aliens.    But isn't it really a little deceptive, because aren't about half of those removals claimed by ICE? They actually originate because they are caught along the border. In fact, one of the articles pointed out said this: The statistics are deceptive because, Obama explained, enhanced border security has led to Border Patrol agents arresting more people as they cross into the country illegally. Those people are quickly sent back to their countries, but are counted as deported illegal immigrants.    Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Forbes. Okay, then let me follow up, because I only have 5 minutes.    We had sitting right where you are sitting now the presidents of both the ICE agents and the border agents who testified unequivocally that they are the ones interviewing these people and that it is the President's policies that were causing more and more of these people coming across the border.    Isn't it really true, if you are talking about political theater, that that is, for the President to say he is sending more people back that he is stopping at the border, kind of like a fire chief justifying his right to commit arson because it helped him put out more fires. It just doesn't make sense to me.    And then when you look at the other line that they have been using on their political theater, it is this one: Well, somehow or another, if Congress doesn't act, and I determined as President of the United States that the law is broke and it just doesn't work, then all of a sudden it shifts the constitutional power over to me.    So Attorney General Laxalt, I would ask you, if you look, and you know, Congress, as I understand it, has the authority to establish a uniform rule of naturalization. Is there anything in the Constitution that says if the Congress doesn't want to act because they like where the policy is, or even because they can't act, that somehow that shifts the constitutional right over to the President, and that he can take any action that he otherwise couldn't have taken constitutionally?    Mr. Forbes. We saw that kind of syntax change when we heard you can keep your insurance policy, if you want to, as well. But it makes no sense that we have these arguments.    My time is out, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.