    Mr. Lord. Members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to share our coalition's views with you today.    As you have heard, the Great Lakes are a global resource with millions depending on their clean water. Yet the lakes still suffer from a legacy of toxic pollution, invasive species, harmful algal blooms, and the loss of habitat.    Ten years ago President Bush asked our region to prepare a comprehensive restoration plan to address these and other problems. The Great Lakes Regional Collaboration Strategy was created. Four years later, President Obama proposed the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative that launched our region on a restoration path barely imaginable a decade ago.    Because of the GLRI, we have been able to undertake one of the world's largest freshwater ecosystem restoration projects. Groups across the region are focusing on public-private partnerships to clean up toxic hot spots, restore fish and wildlife habitat, and combat invasive species, partnerships that may never have come together had it not been for the GLRI.    The GLRI's size and scope means it plays a central, albeit not the only, role in successfully restoring and protecting the Great Lakes. The GLRI has accelerated progress and catalyzed critical restoration action that likely would never have happened otherwise.    For example, in Duluth, toxic mud from the bottom of Stryker Bay was removed, making the bay safe to swim in once more.    The city of Marysville, Michigan, replaced a failing seawall with a natural sloping shore and wetland providing valuable fish and wildlife habitat.    The Brickstead Dairy near Green Bay planted cover crops reducing runoff to improve water quality.    How we are accomplishing this is equally as impressive. The GLRI is a model for large, landscape-scale restoration. It ensures the focus remains on the region's highest priorities. It sought to fix the problem GAO identified all the way back in 2003 that there was inadequate coordination among Federal agencies.    Now, the EPA quickly converts the funding it receives for restoration activities by passing it through to other Federal agencies so they can direct it through their existing authorized programs at the region's highest needs. The GAO seemed to recognize these benefits in its most recent report. It found that Federal agencies had allocated almost all the GLRI funds that they had received and that it promotes efficiency and effectiveness by bringing agencies together to agree on common goals to prioritize restoration work.    In short, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is working. However, no program is perfect. The GLRI should be continuously reviewed and updated to reflect the changes to the lakes, program deficiencies that have arisen or yet to be addressed, or new threats that have emerged.    So what changes should be made? First, Congress should remove all doubt that the region is on the right path and restoration efforts are on track. Pass H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act. Passing this bill creates greater certainty for the program and allows everyone to focus on getting the job done.    Second, we support even greater targeting of GLRI funds in priority watersheds. However, we expect the GLRI to invest in all five focus areas and to fund activities in these areas as a prescription for recovery.    We also want to see more consistency on when requests for proposals are released each year.    Third, we remain worried that we are not as effective on larger lakewide scales at monitoring, scientific assessment and program project evaluation. Generally speaking, our coalition's members support the integration of monitoring requirements for projects they are undertaking.    Successful monitoring has assisted HOW groups in documenting short- and long-term project successes. However, it is not clear how comprehensive and systematic monitoring is and how these local efforts add up to a well-monitored, scientifically assessed system.    Since the beginning we have been saying that monitoring requires more GLRI resources than it receives now, and that those funds be available beyond just a couple of years so we can track long-term progress. It would also help if this monitoring stems from a Great Lakes research plan which has yet to be assembled.    Fourth, buy-in from the Great Lakes community is also critical to the overall success of the GLRI. Agencies at every level of Government must talk to the public to help understand what progress has been made, where efforts should focus next, and whether the restoration priorities of the Great Lakes restoration community and, therefore, the GLRI, should change based on those assessments.    Annual engagement of the non-Federal stakeholder community leads to better coordination and better alignment of resources and work at all levels.    To sum up, the Great Lakes restoration investments are paying off for the environment and economy. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is Government at its best; agencies working with business, civic and community groups collaboratively on a common goal. The results are impressive and underscore why this national effort needs to be authorized so that we can see the job through to the end. Cutting funding will only make the job harder and more expensive.    Thank you for inviting me to share our views with you. I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Lord. I would agree with that. We see that this is a region that has winter. The lakes freeze. There is snow cover. The ability for projects to actually be implemented can take years just by the vagaries of the weather patterns. I mean we just do not know.    So using obligations I think is a much better benchmark than trying to use expenditures or funds.    Mr. Lord. I think it does and I think the GAO report that came out in 2015 also highlights three or four reasons why expenditures may take longer and why you may not be seeing expenditures as quickly as you do the obligation of those funds.    Mr. Lord. I would suggest that that day is a while away. So the jobs would be fairly permanent. We have a lot of work that needs to be done in the Great Lakes region to address the decades of problems that have been building.    While we have been able to make progress in cleaning up our areas of concern, for example, we still have 27 that remain unattended and need to have more focus. While we have been able to make some progress in creating new habitat and wetlands, we have had a significant amount of----    Mr. Lord. Well, I do not know if it is as simple as that. That is a very good question, but it is a very difficult question at least for me to answer.    Mr. Lord. Well, I will do my best. I think I don't know when we will be done. I think some of the indicators that we would like to see that would help suggest when we may be close to being finished with our restoration activities would be for a system of lakes and connecting channels that are resilient, that can accommodate the stresses that we have put on them through the legacy of toxic pollution or habitat loss or the introduction of new invasive species or the impacts that we are seeing from climate change.    So we would have a better sense as to knowing that we will be closer to being finished with this project when the reaction of the system is such that it is able to adapt more effectively to the changes that we are asking the system to make.    Mr. Lord. Well, it depends on the type of jobs that we are talking about, but some of the things that we have seen, some of the results that we have seen as a result of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative through some of the habitat improvements, for example, very much sustain the kinds of outdoor jobs that we would like to see in the region, jobs for folks that sell the guns and the ammo and the fishing hooks and the rest of it to the people who are going into Michigan or Ohio or any of the other Great Lake States in order to enjoy the outdoors.    As I also noted, the restoration project that we have undertaken while we are 5 years in, we have got a long way to go.    Mr. Lord. I cannot answer that question, ma'am. It is a very----    Mr. Lord. These are large lakes with a lot of problems, and we have, I think, made a very significant and valiant effort and a lot of progress to date in cleaning them up, but as noted, we have got 27 AOCs, areas of concern, that remain, and they are very complicated projects in terms of getting those finished.    So I think the bottom line is there is a lot more work, but the benefits, as Mr. Wolking was highlighting, are that when we clean up these areas of concern, for example, these communities that have had this anchor around their necks in terms of this--it's gone, and so you can see the development coming, the highrises or whatever they may want to do in these newly cleaned up places.    We have begun to see some of that happen, and so that is the kind of excitement that the GLRI can bring and I think will continue to bring as we make more progress in the future.