    Mr. Murphy. Good morning, and welcome to the Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce hearing on ``How Secure are U.S. Bioresearch Labs: Preventing the Next Safety Lapse,'' which I think I can dub ``Overturning the Culture of Compliancy.''    Because this is the third time in as many years that this subcommittee has held a hearing on the Federal Select Agent Program and the Federal Government's high-containment laboratories.    And each time, a panel of witnesses appear before us to testify about changes made in response to one failure or another.    Two years ago, CDC Director Tom Frieden testified about changes made at the CDC after failing to follow safety procedures, which consequently potentially exposed dozens of CDC employees to anthrax.    Dr. Frieden told us then that the CDC was implementing every step possible to make sure that the problems are addressed comprehensively in order to protect our own workforce and to strengthen the culture of safety and to continue our work protecting Americans.    And I might add that that echoed a statement he had made perhaps a year or so before on the same issue, saying that he was going to impose other things to change the culture.    But last year, then, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Chemical and Biological Defense came before us to explain how at least 192 labs across the world received live anthrax from the Dugway Proving Ground, an Army lab in Utah. The Army undertook a comprehensive review of the incident and the deputy secretary told us that the department was ``committed to ensuring that this doesn't occur again,'' and that last statement is in quotes.    Sweeping improvements and policy changes only work if the policies are effective and, in this area, past policy reviews have not brought about the changes necessary to improve safety.    For that reason, Ms. DeGette and myself, along with Chairman Upton and Ranking Member Pallone, asked the GAO to evaluate the biosafety, biosecurity and oversight policies for the eight departments and 15 component agencies that own and operate the Federal Government's high-containment laboratories.    GAO has been issuing recommendations for years on the need for better policies and standards at high-containment labs, recommendations that have not been implemented. So the agency was well-positioned to receive our request.    GAO found that while the departments and agencies have improved on their biosecurity procedures in recent years, comprehensive policies and better oversight of the labs are still needed.    High-containment laboratories, which store the most dangerous pathogens, must have tight inventory control, rigorous training and required incidence reporting, and agencies and departments must have strong oversight of their laboratories with accountability for those who fail to follow the policies.    While GAO has been doing its work, the committee has been conducting its own review into the discovery of smallpox vials at the NIH in 2014. The preliminary findings of the majority staff are discussed in a supplemental memorandum released yesterday.    We found a number of flash points here where, if NIH or FDA had done just a little more than what their policies required or thought outside the box just a little bit, those agencies could have discovered the smallpox vials years earlier.    For example, the NIH experienced a major event in 2011 when it learned that a researcher received an unauthorized transfer of antibiotic resistant plague specimens, and in 2012 when it discovered unregistered antibiotic-resistant anthrax included at an FDA lab in this very same building where the smallpox was discovered 2 years later.    The 2012 discovery was prompted by a disclosure of two investigators during a retraining exercise prompted by the 2011 discovery by the CDC's Division of Select Agents and Toxins not by any investigative work on the part of the NIH and the 2012 discovery resulted in the CDC putting NIH on a Performance Improvement Plan.    These discoveries, including two different dangerous pathogens, should have spurred NIH and FDA to conduct a comprehensive sweep of all laboratories and a comprehensive review of its policies at the time.    But they didn't. When we informed NIH and FDA of our findings, we found agencies still reluctant to acknowledge the full extent of their failings.    NIH did not even acknowledge its failings in how it registered into the Federal Select Agent Program, a historical collection of select agent samples held in sealed envelopes unopened since 1960.    NIH registered the materials without opening the envelopes. The agency did not confirm the materials inside the envelopes or even verify that the samples were still secure, and they registered these materials not once, but twice, without opening the envelopes.    When they finally did open the envelopes, they discovered seven additional vials of one select agent than previously reported. These failures just defy common sense.    This is a culture of complacency, and it shows that it is not enough to change the policies. We must also change the culture at NIH.    While the Department of Defense is holding 12 people accountable for the factors that led to the Dugway shipments, in contrast HHS and its agencies have not been fully accountable and transparent with the committee on disciplinary and personnel actions resulting from lab safety incidents.    For example, the committee requested documents from the CDC as part of our investigation regarding the four instances of improperly stored anthrax at NIH. Unfortunately, the CDC produced redacted documents, blacking out key information.    There was no legal basis for these redactions and CDC offered no explanation. This type of response is designed to delay and stymie congressional oversight on behalf of the American people and this committee will not stand for that. When we request documents, we expect unredacted documents.    If these agencies are not being forthcoming with this committee and this Congress, then they are certainly not being forthcoming with the American people. For all the CDC rhetoric about transparency, redactions of key details in requested investigative documents prove otherwise.    We all deserve better. Neither NIH nor FDA ever conducted an internal review of the smallpox incident along the lines of the reviews conducted by the CDC or the DoD, deferring instead to an outside review by the CDC and FBI.    I urge these agencies to initiate internal reviews of their own failings leading up to the smallpox discovery and if we learn nothing from all of the incidents involving select agents over the years, it is that we can't find the next safety lapse if we don't go looking for it.    Mr. Murphy. I now recognize the ranking member pro tem, Ms. Castor, for her opening.    Mr. Murphy. Gentlelady yields back. Is there anyone on our side who wants to make an opening statement? And I guess there's no one else on your side either, just want to read your statement again.    To the panel, there was another hearing going on at Energy and Commerce in which two subcommittees are--many of us are on both, so you may see people coming and going.    I may stay here for the whole thing because I want to hear. This is just so you're aware. It may look a little chaotic at times, but that's how it is.    I ask unanimous consent that members' written opening statements from other members be introduced in the record, and without objection the documents will be entered into the record.    Now let me introduce today's panel. First witness on today's panel is Mr. John Neumann, director of natural resources and environment at the Government Accountability Office.    He currently leads efforts in the science and technology area including the management and oversight of Federal research and development programs and we appreciate this time today.    We'd also like to welcome Dr. Lawrence Tabak, principal deputy director with the National Institute of Health. He previously served as the acting principal director of NIH in 2009. We look forward to hearing his insights. Good to see you again, Doctor.    Dr. Stephen Monroe serves as the associate director for laboratory science and safety at Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Previously, he was the acting associate director for the Laboratory of Science and Safety.    We look forward to learning from his expertise today on today's hearing and thank you for being here.    Dr. Segaran Pillai serves as director of the Office of Laboratory Science and Safety, the director of the Office of Commissioner and director of the Office of Chief Scientist at the Food and Drug Administration, and look forward to hearing your insights as well.    And finally, we welcome Major General Brian Lein, Commanding General, U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command in Fort Detrick and Deputy for Medical Systems to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics and Technology, Department of the Army at the U.S. Department of Defense. Appreciate you being here today. I believe Eisenhower was a logistics guy, too. Good for you. Good work.    Well, to all of you today, you are aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing. When doing so it's the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to testifying under oath?    Seeing no objections, the chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel today?    And seeing no request for that, in that case would you all please rise and raise your right hand and I'll swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You may all be seated.    You are now all under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18 Section 1001 of the United States Code. I call upon you each to give a 5-minute opening statement.    In so doing, make sure your microphone is on, pull it as close to you as possible when you speak into it, and if you can see the red light on the table--when that goes on, your 5 minutes is up.    Can I just have yourself about 2 or 3 inches from the microphone? You have to pull it really close. Bring it close to your mouth. Thank you very much. You may begin, Mr. Neumann.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Neumann.    Dr. Tabak, you're recognized for 5 minutes. Again, pull the microphone very close to you so we can hear.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Before I recognize Dr. Monroe, I just want to clarify something I think was admitted from your testimony. The six sealed decades-old ampules of smallpox were found and two of those were viable. Am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. OK. But that was left out. I think that's critical for your testimony and I hope you would amend it to say that they were still alive.    Dr. Monroe, you are recognized for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Monroe.    Dr. Pillai, you're recognized for 5 minutes. Turn the microphone on and bring it up very close to you, please. Even closer. Get a lot closer. That's good.    Mr. Murphy. I need you to conclude because you're about a minute and a half over.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. General Lein, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    MG Lein. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member Castor, distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to update you on the Department of Defense's actions taken to address the development, implementation and valid oversight policy and procedures for the safe handling and transfer of biologic select agents and toxins.    Eight DoD labs work with these agents with the primary focus on developing medical counter measures, vaccines and drugs as well as diagnostic devices to protect our forces.    I'm the commanding general of the U.S. Army medical research and material command and in support of the surgeon general of the Army as the DoD executive agent and responsible official for the BSAT.    In this role, I am responsible for harmonization of policy, technical review and inspection guidelines throughout the Department of Defense. I will detail the actions that have been taken, the current work and the plan for the future since we first learned of the anthrax shipments incidents in March of 2015.    Immediately after the notification the deputy secretary of defense issued a moratorium on BSAT production and shipments to allow for a thorough investigation, review of potential problems and to ensure the safety of our laboratory personnel.    Additionally, the deputy secretary of defense designated the secretary of the Army as the executive agent for DoD BSAT biosafety program. The director of the Army staff also directed a full accountability review of the life sciences division of Dugway Proving Grounds.    And finally, the secretary of the Army also directed the establishment of a biosafety task force to develop recommendations and implement necessary changes to ensure the long-term safety and security of the Department of Defense BSAT program.    The end result of all of these actions led to a critical reorganization of oversight responsibilities, accountability, inspections and implemented new policies and procedures which are detailed in the written testimony.    In December of 2015 the investigating officer for the incident at the life sciences division of Dugway concluded that the inadvertent shipment of viable bacillus anthracis is a serious breach of regulations. A copy of this report has been previously made available to the committee.    The report included several recommendations including scientific recommendations, institutional recommendations and recommendations to hold individuals accountable for the failure to take action in response to mishaps, failure to execute oversight and ensure compliance with protocols and regulations and failure to exercise care in the performance of their duties.    All personnel actions as a result of the investigation are currently being addressed at the appropriate level of command. I am pleased to report that the biosafety task force capitalized on the best subject matter experts inside and outside the Department of Defense to adopt science-based policies and proven management procedures for the military services to operate in a safe and secure manner for the foreseeable future.    The task force developed four significant recommendations to ensure the long-term safety and security of the biologic select agents and toxins program.    We anticipate that by March of 2017 all the recommendations will be in place. The anthrax inactivation study will be completed and shared with all other Federal agencies.    The BSAT biosafety program office will be fully staffed and operational. The biosafety scientific peer review panel and the integrated IT solution for tracking and inventorying all BSAT samples will be implemented.    Establishing strong and robust processes that are continually evaluated and improved is our best defense against potential human error or management lapses.    We believe the systems we are developing will provide the necessary checks and balances to prevent or minimize the impacts of future accidental and human or procedural missteps.    We recognize that quality policies and procedures do not stand alone. They must be incorporated with personnel training, evaluation, feedback followed by review, oversight, documentation and reporting in order to have a systematic approach to managing the successful and safe performance of these personnel and institutions.    It is also necessary that we partner with other Federal and private organizations to ensure the transparency and the uniformity of this program.    We are developing a system that incorporates these essential elements to continue the safety performance of this critical research and for the development of detection systems and counter measures.    Finally, both accountability and a standardized inspection process are both critical to the success of this program. Both have undergone significant revision and centralization.    Thank you for the opportunity to share our program with this committee. I look forward to answering any follow-on questions.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    General, I see you have a parachutist badge on you there. I'm assuming you've jumped a few times. Did you pack your own parachute?    MG Lein. No, sir.    Mr. Murphy. Someone just said don't worry about this? A stranger says, ``here's your parachute, everything's fine''? Did you doublecheck things?    MG Lein. Yes, sir.    Mr. Murphy. Absolutely.    MG Lein. That's part of the JR--the prejump inspection that's required----    Mr. Murphy. Exactly.    MG Lein . Not by you, just by you, but by----    Mr. Murphy. By everybody, right?    MG Lein . By your senior----    Mr. Murphy. And I'm assuming also it's standard in the military, someone hands you a weapon and says, ``Don't worry, it's not loaded,'' you check it anyways, right?    MG Lein. Yes, sir.    Mr. Murphy. So I go back to the thing, because it could be dangerous and you don't want to jump without a parachute that works.    So I go back to this omission, Doctor, and when I asked you to clarify this point of the six vials and two of them were alive they were treated as if they were not and you said oh, it was only later on it was discovered.    That is the core of this hearing and why we keep coming back here, because you treated them as if they weren't. And the fact is the way they were handled too they could have broken. We would have exposure of small pox.    But this is what we mean about the culture of complacency. We just assume, oh, these couldn't possibly be alive. You treat it like it's a loaded gun. You treat it like it's alive, and you didn't.    And even when I asked for a clarification, you once again said, ``Oh, we didn't discover that until later.'' That's the point of this hearing, that you're supposed to treat it as if it is.    Now, let me talk about it, the NIH did not undertake an internal investigation of the root cause and circumstances that led to the boxes containing smallpox being overlooked apparently for decades, even though an international agreement and later Federal law and the regulations required the NIH to account for all smallpox vials in these facilities.    Now, our understanding is that the NIH did not do the internal investigation because of the ongoing CDC and FBI investigation and the subsequent referral to HHS Office of Inspector General. Is that correct?    Mr. Murphy. However, in 2012 the NIH conducted an internal investigation into the improperly stored antibiotic-resistant anthrax incidence while the CDC was investigating. So the pending CDC investigation did not prevent the NIH from conducting an interim investigation into the improperly stored anthrax. Is that correct? You have to turn the microphone on and pull it close to you.    Mr. Murphy. We note you led a task force in 2015 to investigate the serious problems with NIH Clinical Center of Pharmaceutical Development section during an ongoing FDA investigation.    So the pending FDA investigation did not prevent the NIH from conducting an internal investigation into the NIH PDS. Is that correct?    Mr. Murphy. Now, the Department of Defense launched their accountability investigation while the CDC and the FBI were still investigating those shipments of live anthrax from Dugway Proving Grounds.    Since the DoD started their internal investigation during this pending investigation, why was it that the current--that NIH could have started all their internal investigations into the root causes back in July of 2014? Why couldn't that be started back then?    Mr. Murphy. Why not?    Mr. Murphy. DoD managed to do it. DoD said, hey, safety comes first, we're checking into this. We're kicking down doors. And you guys say, hey, let's hold off on this, when you could have been investigating.    Mr. Murphy. I don't believe you, because we already established that in moving those smallpox vials you didn't treat them as if they were live and even though you said this morning, well, we didn't discover that until later, you should treat it as if it is alive.    So in August of 2014, CDC Division of Select Agents and Toxins sent a memorandum to NIH detailing the findings of a joint CDC/FBI investigation into the discover of the smallpox vials.    At this point, the joint CDC/FBI investigation was over. So couldn't the NIH have started their internal investigations based on the finding of this report and did you know about this report back in August of 2014? You're still saying you couldn't have done anything?    Mr. Murphy. Well, I'm out of time. I will turn it over to Ms. Castro for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I have to follow up with you, Dr. Tabak, on just on that line of questioning about the timing of your own investigation.    We were informed that CDC was recently notified by the HHS Office of Inspector General to close out all the NIH referrals, given that there's no known pending potential investigation will the NIH now commit to conducting an internal investigation?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. McKinley, vice chairman of the committee.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. Griffith of Virginia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Mrs. Brooks for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Just clarifying, Dr. Monroe, who do you report to?    Mr. Murphy. OK. Thank you.    I recognize Mr. Hudson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. If I could just take the last few seconds, let me ask the panel here, except for DoD: So within this, given all the sweeps that you've done are there any more orphan pathogens of any kind that are not identified who they're with?    Dr. Tabak, are there any more? You've done all these sweeps. Everything has been checked. Is there any more vial samples, anything that you don't know where it's come from, who it belongs to?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Monroe.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Pillai.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Mr. Mullin, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I don't know if Ms. Castor has any more questions. I want to ask a couple more quick ones. Mrs. Brooks, did you want to be recognized for a quick question?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I have a couple more questions. I think we're waiting for Dr. Burgess. But Dr. Tabak, has the NIH ever taken any personnel actions related to not complying with select agent regulations?    Mr. Murphy. Can you tell us numbers?    Mr. Murphy. Is that a yes, that something has happened?    Mr. Murphy. So is it a yes that some personnel action has happened, but you would talk about the other things privately?    Mr. Murphy. Well, we're trying to get the answer to this. So Government employees? They're Government employees?    Mr. Murphy. Generally, are they Government employees, and I--wasn't some personnel action taken among people who mishandled the procedures for the anthrax?    MG Lein. Yes, sir. Twelve recommendations for 12 personnel at Life Sciences.    Mr. Murphy. OK. And I don't need to know their names or anything, but action took place. So you are taking some action, yes?    I'd be willing to talk about some other things with--I mean, I think both sides would like assurance on that.    Mr. Murphy. Yes or no? Actions taken place?    Mr. Murphy. OK. That helps us. We can proceed. Has the FDA began an interim investigation to the root cause or facts and circumstances surrounding the discovery of smallpox vials in an FDA laboratory on the NIH campus--into root cause?    Mr. Murphy. OK. So it's the OIG inspection is over?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, it's true? And so did you have a plan in place saying hey, as soon as this investigation is over we're ready to move forward?    Mr. Murphy. So you do have a plan ready?    Mr. Murphy. So when you said--but now you're discussing it. It should be the moment you were told you said now let's roll with ours. So it is happening now?    Mr. Murphy. And after FDA personnel found a smallpox vials they transferred them to the NIH responsible official apparently without taking any steps to package and transfer the vials in a safe manner.    In fact, the FBI and CDC highlighted that the individuals who carried the boxes to NIH responsible officer heard the vials clinking together. What steps should this individual have taken in transporting the vials?    Mr. Murphy. I'm stopping you there. That's why we're having this hearing.    Mr. Murphy. So how long has FDA been involved with diseases? Since your beginning.    Mr. Murphy. So you ought to have some--for you to tell me you had not anticipated that you'd be transporting something that's a viable pathogen with deadly results--you had not anticipated that? I'm sorry, that's just not acceptable, Doctor. That's why we keep having these hearings.    How many personnel from the FDA have been involved in investigating this problem?    Mr. Murphy. How many personnel from the FDA have been involved in investigating this problem?    Mr. Murphy. Five? A hundred?    Mr. Murphy. How many hours have been spent on this?    Mr. Murphy. I don't know what many means.    Mr. Murphy. Hundreds of hours?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Monroe, how many hours involved with CDC in investigating these things?    Mr. Murphy. Investigating these problems with pathogens and transport and some of these difficulties? Any idea?    Mr. Murphy. Quite a few, Dr. Tabak, I'm assuming? You may not know the numbers, but quite a few hours were involved?    Mr. Murphy. So I think we'd rather have your scientists involved with science in identifying causes of diseases and cures for them. But the fact that we have had multiple hearings on this and Mr. Neumann, you were involved with hours of work in this, too, and there's lots of things your office has been doing, as well.    And then to say--Dr. Tabak, to go back to the point, you didn't even mention to this committee again that some of those pathogens were alive. Dr. Pillai, you're saying we didn't have a procedure in place for transporting these things.    Mr. Murphy. But you had said----    Mr. Murphy. Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is an office that deals with select agents. They didn't know how to transport them? I just find this astonishing.    So here's where I'm getting to with this.    Mr. Murphy. We've also been informed in the past--I'm not sure if it was CDC or someone--we have to understand these are scientists, and sometimes they get a little absent-minded and you have to--I don't accept that.    The American public doesn't accept that. Someone had salmonella. Thank goodness that person recovered, right?    But this can have deadly consequences. These are offensive weapons. I'm pleased that DoD has taken definitive action on this. This was a tragic mistake--unfortunate mistake. Luckily caught it, taken definitive action. I just don't find it acceptable the scientific community kind of gives it the shrug.    Now, we've seen that shrug before when GM was here and someone, you know, decided we're going to shrink a spring in a steering column and, you know, save a few cents on each car and some people died. Oh, well. No one spoke up.    When Volkswagen was here someone mysteriously came up with some sort of a software formula and--suddenly, in the morning we didn't know how to pass the EPA tests, in the afternoon we suddenly did, and no one said, ``How'd you do that?''    And so now they're facing so many billions of dollars worth of suits and other fines. I don't know if that company is going to survive.    But those are cars, and here we're talking about diseases, and I would hope the lesson you take from this committee--and I'm tired of going over this because we keep having this conversation.    But if your scientists are saying, ``Gee, we never thought about how to transport something that's deadly--never really thought about that''--then find a new job.    Look, we all make mistakes. I mean, we're human. We make mistakes, that's what it is. I get that. I have no problem with that.    I just want to make sure we have some sense of learning, and if someone says well, yes, never had a protocol of how to transport deadly diseases from one place to another, and the bottles are clinking together--gee, what do I do about that?    They weren't transporting bottles to return--a Coke for deposits and they're clinking together. I hope that you're going to do a lot more with training as this proceeds.    Well, it looks like other members are not going to be here. So I ask unanimous consent that the document binder be introduced into the record and to authorize staff to make any appropriate redactions.    Without objection, the documents will be entered into the record with any redactions the staff determines are appropriate.    Mr. Murphy. In conclusion, I thank all the witnesses and members that participated in today's hearing. I remind members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. I ask the witnesses to all agree to respond promptly to the questions, and with that this committee is adjourned.