    Mr. Jeffries. Thank the Chairman, and I thank the Register for your testimony here today----    Mr. Jeffries . And your----    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you for your testimony here today, and for your thoughtfulness on a whole host of these issues.    Let me just begin by just trying to get a deeper understanding of your perspective as it relates to the need for independence.    I think the three things that have been under consideration in terms of a different model from the current one, would, one, obviously, involve a Presidential appointment but the Office remaining within the Library of Congress; two, taking the Office out of the Library of Congress and placing it perhaps within another department, most often discussed is the Department of Commerce; and then, three, creating an independent agency.    It's my understanding, of course, that you strongly support the third option, an independent agency. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And so that would involve both a Presidential appointment----    Mr. Jeffries . Of the director. Correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And, presently, you're appointed by the Librarian of Congress. Is there a fixed term to that appointment, or do you serve at the pleasure of the Librarian?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, in the context of an independent agency, would you suggest, or is it your view, have you given any thought to whether a fixed term would be appropriate connected to the Presidential appointment to establish and embed the independence of the agency?    Mr. Jeffries. And, in your view, is that important, given the long tradition and involvement in Congress with respect to copyright and the fact that our authority to create an intellectual property system in fact traces back to Article I, section 8, clause 8, in the Constitution?    Mr. Jeffries. And in order to have sort of a modern, fully functional, first-rate, 21st century Copyright Office, how important is the budget autonomy that would be provided in an independent agency context that might not necessarily exist if you were to be resident within the Department of Commerce or even remain within the Library of Congress even as a Presidential appointee?    Mr. Jeffries. As my time expires, one last question. With the leadership of my good friend from Georgia, Representative Collins, in a bipartisan way, several of us have become interested in resolving inequities that exist in the compensation of songwriters. And Congressman Collins touched on this to some degree, but I just wanted to ask one followup question. You mention that music licensing issues broadly defined are ripe for congressional action. Do you think that there's room for us to precisely consider the dynamic that songwriters find themselves in in terms of their compensation or perhaps moving toward a willing buyer/willing seller standard, and also allowing the rate courts to have an opportunity to consider how artists are compensated on the song recording side and factoring in what is fair?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you very much.    I yield back.