    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Steinle, thank you for your heartfelt testimony. It is sad that we need to be here today. The tragic murder of a beautiful young woman, your daughter, I think could have been prevented.    There are also thousands of other victims that did not need to be victims and would not have been victims if this Administration had enforced immigration laws. In my view, someone in this Administration probably should be arrested for negligent homicide or for any of another dozen crimes that are so frequently committed by illegal immigrants in this country who should not even be here.    In the case of the sanctuary cities, in just 8 months last year, they released almost 9,000 individuals who had been either arrested or convicted of serious crimes. Two-thirds of those 9,000 individuals had either committed or been arrested of serious crimes. In just the few months since they were released, one-quarter have committed other crimes. How many others are going to commit more crimes in the coming months, if one-quarter have already been arrested for other crimes.    This Administration last year released 30,000 criminal aliens; 2,000 under the Constitution they had to release, but 28,000 were released voluntarily by this Administration. They committed the worst crimes imaginable, thousands of crimes. So, if anything, you have got an Administration setting an example for sanctuary cities rather than trying to prevent sanctuary cities from trying to escape enforcing immigration laws. Sanctuary cities have increased exponentially under this Administration for one good reason, that is the Administration has done nothing to encourage municipalities and other jurisdictions from becoming sanctuary areas.    Many people claim that by being a sanctuary city or area or jurisdiction that that is somehow going to encourage illegal immigrants to report crimes. In my view, that is a specious argument, apocryphal. It is simply anecdotal, and I have never seen one shred of evidence that that is the case. It is just a simple assertion. And, in fact, every study I have seen, three out of three, have actually demonstrated just the opposite.    One major study found no decline in crime reporting by Hispanics after the implementation of a local police program to screen offenders for immigration status and to refer illegal immigrants to ICE for removal. Another academic survey found that by far the most commonly mentioned reason or not reporting a crime was a language barrier followed by cultural differences, not fear of being turned over to immigration authorities. And a third study found that significantly more removals of criminal aliens did not affect patterns of crime reporting in immigrant communities. It would be nice if the media would just once cite any of these studies. We only hear the other side.    My question to Ms. Vaughan, who has done some research on this subject, what do you think about the arguments made that somehow we are going to reduce crimes if we allow illegal immigrants to seek sanctuary and stay in this country in violation of current immigration laws? It seems to me it is very clear that more crimes are committed as a result of this policy, not fewer, but I would be interested in your opinion.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Ms. Vaughan. Mr. Chairman, I simply do not understand how anyone could oppose enforcing current immigration laws. These unnecessary victims are not Republicans and not Democrats. They are innocent Americans. And immigration laws should be enforced by everyone in America, and yield back.