    Ms. Wahl. All right. We are dealing with an organization that doesn't play by the rules, where the facts on the ground and the reality that citizens face as a result of them don't matter, at least when that reality clashes with Russia's foreign policy agenda.    In that case, one or more alternative realities are pushed, anything to deflect from the facts and confuse the public.    Of course, Russia has a history rich in propaganda but for a while it seemed to lie dormant as many hoped that a reset in diplomatic relations meant a change in direction.    But during the war in Ukraine, the Russian-funded television channel RT was mobilized as a weapon to manipulate people into believing half-truths and lies skewing reality in the Kremlin's favor.    And I saw firsthand how this was orchestrated. When the protests erupted in Maidan Square it was made to look not like a popular uprising but comprised mostly of bloodthirsty neo-Nazis and fascists.    Through misleading language, RT pinned the blame on the West for fomenting unrest in Ukraine. When Russian troops invaded Crimea, Russian media looked the other way. Even Western media organizations indirectly gave strength to Russia's denials in the struggle to maintain balance amid the confusion.    But behind the deliberately confusing rhetoric were essential facts. Russia had invaded a sovereign country and was lying about it. And when it became impossible to deny the presence of what later became known as the little green men, they were hailed as volunteers compelled to rescue fellow Russians from Ukrainian fascists.    Through denial and deception, the Kremlin was able to shape reality or at least make it difficult to uncover what that reality really is. With the international community stunned and incapacitated, Russia sent in tanks, troops and weapons.    Crimea was annexed and Russian-backed separatists gained ground in eastern Ukraine. The disinformation tactics employed by RT during the war in Ukraine I saw used before, though not as vigorously and strategically.    The most celebrated host at the channel holds staunch anti-Western views where deranged conspiracy theories are given a platform. It didn't matter how credible the voices were as long as the underlying message was reinforced--that the U.S. and West is crumbling, corrupt and hypocritical.    There was a running joke among some employees about adopting this mind set by drinking the Kool-Aid. I saw how employees and viewers eventually drank it all up. It is the result of being engrossed in an environment where hating America was rewarded.    It is a mentality that is perpetuated by Internet personalities that gain followers and a sense of belonging by spewing hate and twisting the truth. One of the many things I came to find troubling was the surprising amount of people prone to being manipulated.    Part of it is that with this explosion of information constantly generated online it had become difficult to tell fact from fiction, to sift through it all. Another part of it is the trend of thinking it is hip to believe in any anti-establishment alternative theory.    Russia is aware of this population of paranoid skeptics and plays them like a fiddle. Those that challenge any narrative against Russia are branded CIA agents, of being puppets for neo-conservatives intent on reigniting a cold war and face the ire of seemingly countless paid and volunteer online trolls.    I was accused of being all of these things and faced the constant stream of cyber hate for being perceived as such. Now, this is just a minor example of this new propaganda technique in action.    The Russian bosses say that the organization is simply providing another perspective, one that is ignored in Western media. The implication there is that there is no such thing as an objective truth.    But let us not get duped by this falsehood. Someone is responsible for pulling the trigger that killed Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. Someone is responsible for launching the BUK missile that downed MH-17, killing all 298 passengers on board.    This is not open to interpretation because behind the strategically false finger pointing there is a true story and in both cases the story is still unclear and there is someone that prefers it stays that way.    We shouldn't let it slide. We need to take notice and take action and the best weapon against this rapidly expanding propaganda campaign is the truth. We just need to fight for it.    We fight it by refusing to look the other way when a lie is told and by spreading awareness about this new disinformation stream that is polluting the airwaves and online discussions that shape our perception of world events.    We fight it by thinking before clicking, tweeting or sharing an article that aims to deceive, and while it is true that the truth can be difficult to uncover, we should seek to find it, spread it and learn from it whatever that truth may be.    Ms. Wahl. That is an interesting question, selecting the experts, because that word, I think, is used loosely in Russian television. Essentially, anybody that is an expert is somebody that is willing to toe the Russian line and to--I mean, they could be from the far left, they could be from the far right, they could have unconventional deranged theories.    It didn't matter, and sometimes the producers would scour the Internet for these experts. So what qualifies as an expert it is kind of murky what that is.    And why it is effective, I think you had mentioned that it provides this voice for fringe voices, extremists and it works because it provides a place for these people, a place where these people can congregate and feed off of each other's biases.    It is almost like a community that is almost like a cult, I would say, that is formed online and they mobilize and they feel like they are part of some enlightened fight against the establishment and they find a home.    They find a place where they are heard and they find a sense of belonging. They find an outlet where they can--where they can--a platform to voice their deranged views.    And I know that formally of Radio Free Europe Mr. Lack, who has since departed, had gotten a lot of criticism for comparing Russia today and Russian propaganda to ISIS propaganda.    And while yes, there is a strong difference--we are talking about a terrorist organization versus a government--you know, a nation state, I think he did have credence and in comparing the strategy that is there by using the Internet to mobilize people that feel displaced, that feel like they have been on the outskirts of society and give them a place where they can find a sense of belonging and maybe make a difference in their own way, and it is a problem and we see that it is effective.    We see that they are shaping the discussion online, on message boards, on Twitter, on social media. And the Internet--you know, we thought that it would be this place where, you know, it is wonderful in a lot of ways because a lot of different viewpoints and a lot of different people have a voice like never before.    But, unfortunately, it has provided a forum where disinformation, false theories, people that are just trying to make a name for themselves, bloggers or whatever, that have absolutely no accountability for the truth are able to rile up a massive amount of people online for----    Ms. Wahl. Yes.    Ms. Wahl. Right, yes. It is true that since my resignation that Russian media has only grown. There was a channel that was opened up in London and Berlin.    There was a video organization called Ruptly that was formed. Sputnik also launched--it is also funded by the Russian Government as in dozens of--dozens of cities throughout the world.    That is rapidly expanding, and we are seeing a lot of--a lot more resources being devoted to Russian propaganda. Meanwhile, as we had mentioned earlier, before independent voices has been--have been shut down and, well, what is behind it?    Mr. Pomerantsev touched on it before. It is that just putting this narrative out there that the West is really the evil hypocritical corrupt player here and that for far too long the West has been dominating the conversation and they are inserting themselves now as an alternative, as somebody that is telling the other part of the story.    But I saw that that, indeed, was not the case, that this was actually manipulation. And I guess another thing about conspiracy theories it seems like a bizarre thing. I mean, who believes in these bizarre conspiracy theories?    And I think what is interesting is that it doesn't really matter. You don't need to believe the conspiracy theory as a whole to be confused as to what is really going on. I am going to use my experience as an example.    The narrative that RT put out about me and kind of their friends was that I was simply just a puppet intent on reigniting the Cold War--that, basically, that I had had no mind of my own and strings were being pulled and that the intent there is that it was some nefarious intent to reignite a cold war.    Now, a lot of people hear that and it seems farfetched and it is not true. But if you--by just putting that narrative out there and by the trolls retweeting it and repeating it so often, it becomes a thing.    It becomes part of the discussion. It becomes part of the discourse, and after a while you have to address it because it is out there. The seeds of doubt have already been planted and first impressions matter.    And even if you don't believe that I was a puppet in that way, it still shaped the narrative in terms of casting doubt on my credibility, on my motivations, on what really went on.    So that is kind of just a small example of how conspiracy theory works. You know, you don't have to necessarily believe that 9/11 was an inside job completely but if you have that out there in so many other nefarious plots a viewer gets kind of confused and thinks maybe the truth is somewhere in the middle.    Maybe it wasn't orchestrated but surely the West was instrumental in letting it happen in one way or another. So I think that is one way that conspiracy theories work is that it just causes chaos and confusion and even people that are seemingly logical and not prone to this type of manipulation are--I see that they are affected by it because if you see the constant stream of chatter online it does kind of start to get to you.    And I saw that there, especially within RT where you are constantly exposed to these articles and this anti-American, anti-Western rhetoric.    You are kind of in this vacuum where you kind of think whoa, you know, maybe Russia has a point. Maybe there is some truth there that is to be uncovered.    And so I think it is important to kind of come to terms, and it is bizarre and it is kind of strange to grasp but these strange conspiracy theories that are put out there really are aimed at just disrupting and deceiving and causing chaos so nobody really knows what the truth is.    Ms. Wahl. I absolutely--can I respond to that?    Ms. Wahl. Okay, and I absolutely hear what you are saying. I mean, I certainly don't want another Cold War. I think--I can't--I bet you most people in this room don't want another Cold War, and I hear what you are saying there, that there is--and I think what it--I am not arguing that our media here is perfect.    But I think what I am going to have to push back on with your statements is that in a way that kind of rhetoric kind of equates our media here--Western media--with what is happening in authoritarian governments like Russia.    It is providing this false equivalence that simply just does not--they do not go hand in hand. There is--there is essential differences, and Russia, yes, they look at our media within the U.S. and they see it in disrepair.    They see, you know, Fox News is known as being conservative. MSNBC is known as being liberal, and therefore everything is a matter of perspective. But there is a difference. There is a difference in that I think it goes to intent.    I think that instead of it being maybe a Republican viewpoint or a liberal viewpoint, what have you, whatever, that there is an intent to actual--to actually advocate and manipulate a war for an authoritarian leader's foreign policy objectives and actually fabricating facts, twisting truths, making up lies. And I understand that, yes, the media is not perfect.    But to compare the two and to say that they are morally or ethically equivalent in any way I think is actually giving some strength to Putin and this propaganda machine and I think he manipulates that mind set and the ability for us here in the United States to be critical of our own media and that is another essential difference because here we can be.    Here, we can call out--I mean, look at Brian Williams. He makes a little flub, he is gone. He is assassinated on Twitter.    Ms. Wahl. It is just not--and I do understand what you are saying and I am not here to make excuses for our own media or say that it is perfect.    But I think that by saying or making any kind of moral equivalence that we are giving power to Russian media and the growing machine. So I think we just have to be cautious in that regard.    Ms. Wahl. I think that it is something that we should be worried about here because I think that that is kind of the aim of where I saw at Russia Today at the U.S. bureau is that they are trying to mobilize this group of people that are anti-Western, prone to conspiracy theories, people that are so skeptical and paranoid about the establishment, that are disillusioned, that think that the mainstream media is not only complicit but instrumental in carrying out Western dominance.    There is a population of people within the U.S. that believe in this. And yes, they are a fringe, but as Mr. Pomerantsev had pointed out, they are coming out and they are branding together and they are finding a place on the Internet to come together and to make an impact and to make an effect.    And I saw while I was there there was a strong focus on former--I am sure you are well aware of him, former Congressman Ron Paul, and he was kind of the celebrated voice, the celebrated candidate--Presidential candidate.    Why? Well, I mean, I am not going to make an analysis of, you know, his policies and, well, how I personally feel toward them.    But he was seen as kind of like the rock star candidate, the alternative, somebody that is against, you know, intervention, that is very open to speaking out against Western meddling, Western hegemony.    So they do kind of cling to these kinds of voices that tend to be favorable to Russian foreign policy. I am not sure that it is quite equivalent to what we are seeing in Hungary and elsewhere or in the Baltic countries where there is large populations of Russian speakers and ethnic Russians that might be more susceptible.    But yes, they are trying to find this group within the West and even within here in the United States and trying to mobilize them in any way possible, and the thing about these people is that they are loud on the Internet.    They comment on forums. They tweet. They share articles. They are--they do. They make an impact. They shape the discussion----    Ms. Wahl . Whether we like it or not, and I do want to comment on, Congressman, earlier about how this is nothing new, and I mentioned earlier that yeah, Russia does have a history of propaganda.    But we are seeing something new here and I think that from my experience what I have come to realize is that the Kremlin is being savvy by using Western media as a model by kind of, you know, making it look sexy with slick graphics and kind of trying to use the Western model.    And it is not propaganda all the time. There are some valid stories on there. But you kind of sneak in the disinformation among the facts and especially when it comes to a war, Ukraine, is where this organization was able to be mobilized and actually used as a tool for--to further war interests.    So yes, it is having an impact within the U.S., in my opinion and from what I have seen.