    Ms. Matsui. Thank you very much for yielding to me.    Welcome back, Chairman Wheeler and Commissioners. We appreciate the work you are doing in many areas.    One of my top priorities is making more spectrum available. The recently passed Budget Act took important first steps, but I believe Congress and the FCC need to build upon these provisions to identify new spectrum opportunities.    We also share many other priorities, from modernizing the Lifeline program for broadband to keeping the incentive auction on track. I look forward to hearing more about the FCC's progress on promoting a competitive market for special access services.    I also urge the Commission to work with the subcommittee to ensure any products of the set-top box working group process serve the public interest.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Ms. Matsui. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Wheeler, Congress tasked the FCC with balancing many priorities in the incentive auction, including protecting access to local broadcasting.    Now, during the last few weeks, I had a chance to meet with many of our Sacramento broadcasters. They work hard to keep my constituents informed. My local broadcasters have also told me that they are invested in the success of the incentive auction.    I believe the incentive auction can clear the beachfront spectrum to fuel our wireless economy while making sure Sacramentans and consumers across the Nation still get the local news and information that they need.    My local broadcasters also brought up the concern that they could be at risk of losing their license after the auction if they aren't able to transition to a new channel assignment within 39 months. I know how critical it is to get the spectrum into the market, but we need to make sure that this transition doesn't leave TV viewers in the dark.    Chairman Wheeler, my question is: How can the FCC, number one, make sure broadcasters successfully make this transition after the auction? And two, what is the FCC's plan if broadcasters can't meet the FCC's deadline?    Ms. Matsui. So you will balance this out and work with them.    Ms. Matsui. OK, great. I can assure my locals then.    Ms. Matsui. Thank you.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, you have spoken about the need for smart spectrum policies so that the United States can continue to lead the world in 5G. I know the FCC has taken some recent steps to look at opening up higher-frequency spectrum bands for next-generation mobile services. Congress has also acted. The Bipartisan Budget Act included important provisions.    Now, Commissioner Rosenworcel, what more can the FCC do to identify new spectrum opportunities? What more can Congress do?    Ms. Matsui. OK. Great.    Chairman Wheeler, you have highlighted the FCC's work on a spectrum above 24 gigahertz as critical for 5G. I hope the FCC will move forward expeditiously so that we can create a climate for American leadership in 5G.    And I know this is really important. We just ought to reiterate this. When do you expect to issue final rules for this important proceeding?    Ms. Matsui. OK.    Ms. Matsui. OK. Good.    Well, thank you very much.    And I know my time is up. I yield back.