    Dr. Wenstrup. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity's hearing today entitled, ``A Review of Licensing and Credentialing Standards for Servicemembers and Veterans: Do Barriers Still Remain?''    For several years, many have tried to do what on face value should be a fairly easy task, ensuring that the training and knowledge that servicemembers gain from their time in the military seamlessly translates to civilian licenses and credentials when they return home.    The translation of skills is critical. As we know, so many positions in our economy could remain unfilled due to the ever-growing skills gap of our workforce. We simply should not continue to spend millions of dollars training servicemembers to do a job in the military and then require them to turn around and retake unnecessary courses or exams for the same job in the civilian workforce.    After many years of great work done by many of our witnesses here today as well as others, I think we can safely say that their hard work is finally paying off. Last week, the Bureau of Labor Statistics announced that the unemployment rate for veterans in August was 4.2 percent, the lowest it was been in many years.    So news like this is very encouraging, but I still remain concerned about the number of younger veterans who remain either unemployed, underemployed at their current job, or have left the workforce altogether. These are the types of veterans that can benefit from redoubling our efforts to improving licensing and credentialing standards and programs for our veterans.    Before I recognize the ranking member, I want to recognize the efforts of members of our first panel. Veterans groups like the American Legion and nonprofits like the Lumina Foundation are the ones who are on the front line making huge strides in addressing this issue. It is groups like these, not the Federal Government, that are turning the tide.    I also want to thank the National Governors Association for their work and attendance here today. Congress can create all of the new Federal programs we want, but if the States don't participate and step up and change their laws and regulations to recognize the skills and knowledge that our servicemembers gain through military service, then the programs are doomed to fail.    So, with that, I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about how Congress can help facilitate improvements in this area, and I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Takano, for his opening comments.    Dr. Wenstrup. I thank the ranking member and now welcome our first panel of witnesses to the table.    With us today we have Mr. Steve Gonzalez--welcome back--Assistant Director of the National Veterans Employment and Education Division for the American Legion; Dr. Roy Swift, Executive Director of Workcred, which is an affiliate of the American National Standards Institute; Mr. Jamie Merisotis, president of the Lumina Foundation; and Ms. Denise Roosendaal, Executive Director of the Institute for Credentialing Excellence.    Thank you for all being here today.    Mr. Gonzalez, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much.    Dr. Swift, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Swift. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My name is Roy Swift, and I am the Executive Director of Workcred, an affiliate of the American National Standards Institute. ANSI is the coordinator of the U.S. standardization system, and Workcred is a separate affiliate whose mission is to strengthen workforce quality by improving workforce credentials and the credentialing system.    Before launching Workcred, I spent the previous 10 years building ANSI's internationally recognized accreditation programs for educational certificates and certifications.    It is important to note that Workcred is separate from and respects the impartiality of ANSI's accreditation services. Nonetheless, both organizations share an ongoing commitment to fostering a more robust and qualified American workforce and enhancing the quality of credentials.    As a retired United States Army colonel who served a 28-year career in the U.S. Army Medical Department, I am deeply honored to testify today on the credentialing of servicemembers and veterans.    U.S. military personnel gain valuable training, skills, and, at times, do earn civilian credentials during their service, particularly in the medical arena. Credentials can contribute to career development and enhance the potential for promotion for servicemembers. After military service, credentials can help demonstrate to civilian employers that training and skills attained in the military are on par with those gained through traditional civilian pathways.    Unfortunately, many servicemembers that have earned a military occupational specialty are often not licensed or certified to perform a comparable job in the civilian workforce. This situation creates an artificial barrier to employment.    With an estimated 250,000 military personnel expected to leave the service every year, the need to translate military skills into civilian careers is as important as ever. But we face a tremendous challenge. There are more than 4,000 certifications in the U.S., and less than 10 percent of these are accredited or reviewed by a third-party accreditation body. This lack of third-party review creates a buyer-beware environment because most certifications would not meet a national or international standard.    Accreditation is an independent third-party assessment of a certification body's competence, and it plays an important role in increasing the credibility and continuous quality improvement of certifications.    ANSI's accreditation process is designed to increase the integrity and mobility of certified professionals and provide confidence to the market that they have the required competencies as advertised. Millions of professionals currently hold certifications from ANSI-accredited certification bodies.    In ANSI's view, the global nature of personnel certification demands accreditation to international standards. That is why ANSI's accreditation program is based on a national standard and international standard, ISO 17024. And that is why ANSI was the first U.S. accreditation body to deliver this accreditation in accordance with the requirements of 17011.    17011 is the basis for mutual recognition of accreditation bodies in countries around the world. This assures that credentials are seen as equivalent and are transportable across borders, broadening the global labor market and opportunities for employers and employees.    With respect to veterans' employability, ANSI has long been an active leader in working with the government on private credentialing solutions. For example, the military Credentialing Opportunities Online, COOL, program and the Department of Labor highlight ANSI accreditation.    With a broader vision, Workcred is focused on building a competency-driven credentialing economic system. We want to create alignment between industry, training, and credentialing organizations. This will advance the quality workforce credentials that have validity and are market-valued and will promote an open, transparent exchange of information.    ANSI and Workcred, in collaboration with the American Legion, were instrumental in working with the Army's TRADOC to identify high-quality, industry-recognized credentials relevant to Army soldiers as candidates for Army credentialing pilot programs.    Together with partners from George Washington University and Southern Illinois University, Workcred has just launched the Credentialing Transparency Initiative Pilot Program to create clarity in the U.S. credentialing marketplace. Funded by Lumina, the initiative will create a voluntary registry that we think has great potential for use by the Department of Defense.    All Americans have a stake in a strong and effective credentialing system. Both ANSI and Workcred are committed to supporting the employability and successful transition of military servicemembers into the workforce.    Thank you, sir.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much, Dr. Swift.    And, Mr. Merisotis, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Merisotis.    Ms. Roosendaal, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you very much.    I thank you all for your testimony.    I am going to now yield myself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Gonzalez, in your written statement, you address the concern of the services informing servicemembers of the opportunities that may exist with credentialing and licensing after their service.    One of my thoughts is, maybe, yeah, you can do it throughout their service career, but I also think it can be a recruiting tool and be brought up from the very beginning, depending upon what someone's MOS is going to be, obviously, what those opportunities are, just like the GI Bill is a recruiting tool.    I just wanted to get your thoughts on that or other methods that you think might be helpful.    Dr. Wenstrup. You mean technology for continued training in certain skills? Is that what you are----    Dr. Wenstrup. Yeah. Just like when you deploy and you may want to continue your military education classes online or whatever, depending upon where you are, you can do that.    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. I appreciate that input.    Now, this might seem like a very obvious question, but I would ask all of you: What is the number-one thing that this subcommittee and Congress could do today or quickly to improve licensing and credentialing opportunities for veterans, in your opinion?    And we can go down the line.    Mr. Swift. Well, the word ``certification'' is pretty meaningless these days. You can say that you are certified when you pay $50 to get it, or it could be one in which it is fully accredited by a legitimate accreditation agency. So, often, it is a buyer-beware market, and it is very confusing to soldiers and the Department of Defense.    And that is why, in our pilot program where we are looking at using an electronic means via to look at the transparency of credential of the National Transparency Credentialing Initiative. We think that this sort of national registry would be dynamic, because it has a platform where it spiders down and obtains the most recent information, and that registry would allow applications, such as the Department of Defense to put an application on the registry about the requirements of particular military occupational specialties, and match it to competencies related to specific credentials that meet certain criteria that have been developed by the Department of Defense.    Naturally, we think that if we are going to say that we will only reimburse for higher education that is accredited, institutionally or programmatically accredited, and we think certification is important--which we believe it is--to moving people to obtain jobs, then the Department of Defense should not be accepting any certifications unless they are accredited or have had some sort of third party review in that regard.    Dr. Wenstrup. I think it is probably also important for the servicemember to have some understanding of what States recognize a certain credentialing. Like you said, you can get a credential, but if no one recognizes it parlays into a legitimate job, then you have been had.    Mr. Swift. Right.    Dr. Wenstrup. I think that is important information to get out. Am I understanding you correctly there?    Mr. Swift. Yes, absolutely.    And this national registry which was funded by Lumina Foundation is designed to have descriptors that would establish a profile, not just what are the terminal competencies so there could be a match between military occupational specialty and the competencies, but what is the transfer value of that credential it is related to state regulation and who recognizes it, if anybody. There are about 18 descriptors, sir, that at another time and another place could be discussed.    It is in the pilot stage, but we do think that this could be one of the answers to begin increasing this communication. Because we found, even with the meeting that we had with the American Legion--we brought about 20 certification bodies to meet with TRADOC. The difficulty of communication between higher education, the credentialing organization, and industry seems to be very difficult without some sort of facilitation.    I talked enough. I will be quiet.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, and my time has expired, and I see people nodding, so, at this time, I will recognize Mr. Takano for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Costello, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Swift. I just want to add a couple of sentences to that.    Being 28 years in the Army, I understand that when somebody gets their training initially and when they go out of the service after 3 or 4 years, the competencies are quite different. And I think licensure and some certifications often evaluate them on what the competencies were when they took their initial training. And the military maybe should do a better job of identifying the customized competencies that one has achieved over that 4-year experience, because the experience has changed to a very different individual than the one that they said, this describes a medic or this describes a mechanic. There is a big gap difference in the two scenarios that.    And then the credentialing world needs to do a better job of learning how to quantify experience. We don't have the good, sophisticated tools that we need to do that, to make that match. And, of course, communication is always the issue.    But I think that if we were clear--I remember when I was in the Army we had something called job books. And those job books were competencies at every level that we were to achieve, which allowed us to be able to demonstrate that we had certain competencies if we were a lieutenant or an E-5 or a sergeant or whatever, and that is very different than when we were a PFC and this sort of thing.    So I think those are some of the things that we can do on the military side that you would have some jurisdiction over in trying to facilitate that to happen, where we could do a better job in that regard.    Dr. Wenstrup. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms Rice, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms Rice. Thank you.    Mr. Gonzalez, I just want to go back to that meeting that you talked about a year and a half ago at the VA. Can you just expound on that more? What precipitated the meeting, who was there, and what was discussed?    Mr. Swift. Sure.    One of the things--the reason that we were concerned is that a lot of the agencies that had been approved talked about training. And certification needs to be a third-party assessment that is firewalled away from training, that is a judgment that competencies have been achieved.    So we are saying--and they do have a self-attestation questionnaire that the State approving agencies use. But it looks like--is from our brief meeting--that VA probably needs to have--there needs to be more resources for the people who are trying to use that attestation questionnaire to determine if they are a legitimate certification body.    Because it appears that maybe we have allowed some through that weren't really certifications, but what we would call certificate programs that has education and training and measures learning outcomes, where certification is to be an agency that does an analysis of what the skills are to be successful on the job.    Ms Rice. So what would you suggest that the VA do?    Mr. Swift. I would think that we need to relook at the criteria they are using, the questionnaire. And I think we need more resources to do training of the people in the States that have the responsibility of determining whether this is a legitimate certification body or not. One of the ways to achieve this would be to re-authorize the old Professional Certification & Licensure Advisory Committee to the Secretary of the VA.    Ms Rice. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mrs. Radewagen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Bost, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    A very interesting conversation, obviously, and not a simple fix. But, you know, what goes through my mind is focusing on what we may be able to do to allow States to make a decision. Because that is where it is going to have to come from. And I think we will hear from the National Governors Association and see what they have to say, but they are not going to want to give up those authorities, and probably rightfully so. But, at the same time, what can we do to provide each and every State or territory with information they need about the level of education and training that this person received that could help them make a decision in their credentialing process. And maybe that is where we need to focus.    If there are no other questions, I want to thank you all for answering our questions, and you are now excused. Thank you for joining us today.    I now want to welcome our second and final panel to the witness table.    We welcome back Ms. Teresa Gerton, Acting Assistant Secretary for the U.S. Department of Labor's Veterans' Employment and Training Service. We also have Mr. Frank DiGiovanni, who is the Director of Force Readiness and Training at the U.S. Department of Defense. And, also, we have Mr. David Quam, deputy director of policy for the National Governors Association.    I want to thank you all for being here today.    Ms. Gerton, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. Mr. DiGiovanni, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. DiGiovanni, for your input and feedback in your testimony. Mr. Quam, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Quam. I appreciate all of your testimonies. I will now allow myself 5 minutes for questioning.    I will just continue with you, Mr. Quam, if I can. I appreciate what you said about governors taking the lead on some of these issues within the States, and best practices. I have always contended that one of the advantages of having States and territories is you have the opportunity to find best practices. You have over 50 labs to try different things to see what works, but it takes the communication and the knowledge of what is working and see if it works in your own State. And, of course, some of the differences between States are sometimes based upon--the protocols can be based upon the need of a State, right? Some States need different professions more than others, and so they may change their needs, their rules based on their needs.    So, again, going back to the question I asked before in the previous situation is, what is it that you think that we can do here for the States to make the process easier? I ask that from the VA side, or DoD side, really.    Dr. Wenstrup. My first question is, can you compile a list of the type of information that you need from the Federal Government that we can help try to expedite so that you can have this stuff available to you that is appropriate and so you do not have to go through that.    Dr. Wenstrup. If you could please forward that to us, we would be glad to take that information and try and take that ball and run with it.    Mr. DiGiovanni, there is a sharing of information that we are talking about. Where do you think the DoD is right now as far as sharing information that may be necessary, or what barriers are in your way in the process of sharing information about the skills of our servicemembers?    Dr. Wenstrup. So you are talking about really the outside access to these skilled people?    Dr. Wenstrup. Connecting the dots.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. Mr. Takano, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Costello, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Rice, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My question is for Ms. Gerton, can you--you talk about working with the private sector in your role to find out--actually, I want to ask you how closely you work with the private sector to identify what the workforce needs are, and then how you integrate those needs into your credentialing program.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Radewagen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. If there are no other questions, I want to thank you all for answering our questions today, and you are now excused. And I think we have a lot of valuable information out of this hearing today. I thank you all for your presence.    I want to thank everyone for joining us today. It is important that our servicemembers and veterans have a seamless transition into civilian jobs, and especially ones that they are qualified for due to their military service. A major part of this is getting a licensing and credentialing process right. So I thank you for your input.    I look forward to all of us continuing to work together on this as we move forward. Again, I thank the members and all of you here today for participating.    And finally, I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. Without objection, so ordered. This hearing is now adjourned.