    Mr. Butler. Thank you. The American Legion is committed to a strong, robust veterans health care system designed to treat the unique needs of those who have worn the uniform. However, even in the best of circumstances, there are situations where the system cannot meet the needs of the veteran and the veteran must seek care in the community.    Chairman Benishek and Members of the Subcommittee on Health, I am privileged to be here today and to speak on behalf of The American Legion, our National Commander Dale Barnett, and more than two million members in over 14,000 posts across the country that make up the backbone of the Nation's largest wartime veterans service organization.    The VA purchased care program dates back to 1945 when VA's Hometown Program was created. Since then, VA has implemented a number of programs in order to manage veterans health care when such care is not available in a VA health care facility, could not be provided in a timely manner, or is more cost effective, programs such as Fee Basis, Project Arch, PC3.    Most recently in 2014, the Veterans Choice Program was enacted so that more veterans could be referred outside the VA for needed health care services. However it quickly became apparent that layering yet another program on top of the numerous existing non-VA care programs each with their own unique set of requirements resulted in a complex and confusing landscape for veterans and community providers as well as the VA employees that serve and support them. Therefore Congress passed legislation in July of 2015 that required VA to develop a plan to consolidate existing community care programs, which VA delivered on October 30th, 2015.    Generally, the American Legion supports the plan to consolidate VA's multiple purchased care programs into one new Veterans Community Program. We believe it has the potential to improve and expand veterans' access to health care. Most depend on how VA will work with its employees, Congress, VSOs, private providers, academic affiliates, and other stakeholders as they move forward in developing and implementing the plan.    As noted in the plan, the current system is a decentralized and highly manual process. The new VCP plan proposes integrating most of VA's Community Care Program into one single program that would be seamless, transparent, and beneficial to enrolled veterans. VA states its new VCP will focus on operational efficiencies to include standardized billing and reimbursement as well as geographically adjusted fee schedules that are tied to Medicare and deemed appropriate.    These efforts would make it easier and more appealing for community health care providers to partner with VA. The American Legion strongly believes VA must standardize its reimbursement rates, but not set the rates too low where providers would be discouraged from signing up as participating providers in the new VCP, such as providers in Alaska and other rural areas.    In November 2015, we received an inquiry from a veteran requesting assistance with payment of a medical bill that was authorized under the current Veterans Community Care Program. The veteran explained that he was approved to be treated by a non-VA health care provider for a hernia surgery to be performed outside the VA. After the care was provided, VA payment was delayed for months which resulted in the claim being referred to an attorney's office for collection. As a result, the veteran expressed disbelief and has lost faith in the VA system.This should never happen, but occurs more often than it should.    The American Legion supports VA developing a 21st Century claims and reimbursement process that is rules-based, and to the extent, possible eliminates as much human intervention as possible. Therefore, we are pleased to see that VA proposes to implement a claims solution which is able to auto-adjudicate a high percentage of claims, enabling VA to pay community health care providers promptly and correctly, and to move to a standardized reasonable fee schedule to the extent practicable for consistency in reimbursement.    However, we do not believe Congress should continue to provide VA an open checkbook without any assurance from VA that the plan will work. Much as further funding for the joint electronic record is contingent on providing benchmarks are met, Congress can and should require progress benchmarks here.    In conclusion, VA plans for the new Veterans Choice Program need Congress' approval. The American Legion believes the VA plan is a reasonable one given that desired result. VA has identified a number of necessary legislative items that require action by Congress in the short legislative window available this year in order to best serve veterans going forward in 2016. The American Legion supports many of those, such as measures budget flexibility, the Purchased Healthcare Streamlining and Modernization Act, flexibility for the Federal work period requirement, and special pay authority to help VA recruit and retain the best talent possible to lead their hospitals and health care networks.    The American Legion believes that together, we can accomplish these legislative changes before the end of this session of Congress. We cannot let another year slip away. Our veterans deserve the same sense of urgency now that Congress has shown numerous times since the VA scandal first erupted in 2014.    The American Legion thanks this Committee for their diligence and commitment to our veterans, and as they struggle to access health care across the country. And I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Butler. I can speak for the Legion. We do not have a position on that. We have not been asked to consider that as an option at this time. But we can take that up and look at that at a future date and bring that back to the Committee.    Mr. Butler. I think similar, like the comment expressed by the GAO, we have similar concerns. This is a huge and tremendous undertaking. And VA's track record has not been good when you look at trying to take a system and then develop the IT changes necessary. VA talked a lot about bringing in contractors to see how they are going to deliver a product. Oftentimes when that happens, when we look back at the scheduling redesign, when we look back at CoreFLS, VA spent millions of dollars in those type of initiatives, which was a huge IT network undertaking, without any deliverables.    Mr. Butler. And so we do not want the same thing to occur. And that is why in our testimony, Congress needs to assure, get some assurance from VA that they are going to be able to deliver, whatever the changes that they are saying they are going to be able to implement, they need to provide proof that they can deliver those changes first.    Mr. Butler. Before you commit millions of dollars.    Mr. Butler. I can tell you that The American Legion position has not changed, that we believe the VA is a system worth saving. We advocate that. We supported the Choice Act as a temporary measure to allow VA time to get the resources, the doctors, and the necessary staff to care for our veterans. So our original position has not changed from our initial position, that we support the Choice Act as a temporary measure until such time as VA can be able to provide the care and service to veterans.    We know that community care, there will always be a need to refer veterans out in the community. But there also will be a need for the VA system.    Mr. Butler. That is correct.    Mr. Butler. And let me just add, community care is never going to go away. You know, it has taken the form of many names, Hometown Program, fee basis. There is always going to be a need for community care. But there is also going to be a need for the VA health care system. And so there needs to be a balance between the two. One cannot replace the other. They have its place in meeting the needs of our veterans.