    Mr. Babin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for being here, Administrator McCarthy.    Mr. Babin. On April 28th, this Committee heard testimony from Region 10 Administrator Dennis McLaren about the EPA's efforts to limit the potential Pebble Mine project by using Section 402(c) of the Clean Water Act before the project had even applied for a permit.    Mr. Babin. The Committee demonstrated to Mr. McLaren that it has uncovered that EPA employees used non-official email accounts to discuss the Pebble Mine matter with mine opponents and determined that EPA employee Phil North provided edits and suggestions to a petition letter, which EPA claims is the impetus for starting the preemptive 404(c) process. The EPA Office of Inspector General found in agreement with your agency that this official may have misused his position as a federal government employee, and according to documents and deposition testimony received by this Committee prove that the petition from Alaska Native tribes the stated impetus for Region 10's Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment was in fact drafted with the help of at least one EPA employee.    Doesn't this fact along with other EPA briefing materials and communications prove that the assessment was done solely to provide the political cover for an eventual Pebble veto? Doesn't this in fact prove that?    Mr. Babin. But they had not had a chance to even file their plan yet, so how would you know that?    Mr. Babin. Well, it just seems----    Mr. Babin. It seems very, very specious that one of your employees would be helping to draft this type of a document.    Next question. The Committee has uncovered documents that show that EPA employee Richard Parkin stressed the following before a group supportive of EPA's action to stop the Pebble Mine: ``While a 404(c) determination would be based on science, politics are as big or a bigger factor.'' Does this concern you that this was the sentiment of a career employee or employees at the EPA with regard to the agency's determination regarding the Pebble Mine?    Mr. Babin. Does that not raise a red flag with you?    Mr. Babin. What he was referring to is that politics----    Mr. Babin. --would be as important or more important than the science. That doesn't concern you?    Mr. Babin. This----    Mr. Babin. All right. Peer reviewers repeatedly warned EPA that the assessment was insufficient as a basis for a regulatory decision, a claim that the EPA publicly agreed with. Why did the agency then rely exclusively on the assessment when it launched the 404(c) determination?    Mr. Babin. It sounds like the politics trumped the science to begin with.    Mr. Babin. All right. Thank you.    Isn't it true and hasn't your agency openly acknowledged that a preemptive veto of this kind had never been done before in the history of the Clean Water Act? Wasn't this the first of its kind?    Mr. Babin. I hope so.    Well, anyway, my time's expired, Mr. Chairman, so I thank you very much.