    Ms. GOLDEN. Good morning, Chairman Boustany, Chairman Walorski, Ranking Member Doggett, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Committees. Thank you so much for the opportunity to testify. I am Olivia Golden, the executive director of the Center for Law and Social Policy, an anti-poverty organization that promotes effective Federal and State policies.    In addition, I bring to this testimony experience in directly administering safety net programs at the Federal, State, and local levels, as well as studying them as a researcher at the Urban Institute. I will briefly summarize three main points from my written testimony.    First, researchers have demonstrated that the Nation's core safety net programs, programs like the Earned Income Tax Credit, SNAP, childcare assistance, health insurance, sharply reduce poverty. They cut it almost in half. They improve nutrition and health care for millions of children and families. And--and this is really important emerging research--they have positive effects on children's health, work trajectory, and income many years later into adulthood. Just to take one example, SNAP benefits alone kept more than 10 million people, including almost 5 million children, out of poverty in 2012.    Second key point. The research evidence indicates overwhelmingly that the safety net as a whole supports work, particularly for low-income parents. It is not too much support from the safety net but too little, such as the absence of enough help with child care, that typically holds people back from working.    While some individuals encounter barriers to work related to safety net programs, researchers find that these effects are much smaller than the programs' work-promoting effects, and many past barriers have been fixed in recent years. I think Mr. Doggett alluded to the Medicaid improvements. In fact, the majority of people who get help from core safety net programs today are working but earning too little to make ends meet without help.    To take a moment to summarize the research, theories about work disincentives are just not supported by what researchers find about low-income families' actual experiences. Rigorous studies find that when low-income working parents can get and keep the full package of work support programs, they are better able to stabilize their lives, keep a job, move up, and help their children thrive.    For example, studies of parents leaving welfare for work have concluded that families accessing these supports were more likely to be stably employed. Studies of the Earned Income Tax Credit show large effects in increasing labor force participation. And empirical studies of the effects of the safety net taken as a whole confirm that, in practice, these programs' work disincentives are so small as to have, quote, ``almost no effect on their anti-poverty effectiveness.''    In fact, one of the major success stories of the past two decades is that the safety net has made work pay as a result of specific decisions by Congress and the States to improve work incentives. One striking piece of evidence: Poor and near poor mothers who are eligible for the widest range of safety net benefits have become far more likely to work than they used to be. By contrast, employment has declined among childless adults, the group with least access to the safety net.    Finally, my testimony highlights practical next steps. I urge the Members of the Committees to consider six next steps that build on past success.    First, extend the improvements to the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit that now expire at the end of the 2017.    Second, expand the EITC to childless workers, including young adults, who now don't benefit from this work incentive.    Third, expand funding for childcare assistance whose importance was recognized by a recent bipartisan reauthorization in the Congress.    Fourth, fully fund implementation of another program reauthorized in a bipartisan manner, the Nation's workforce program, so low-income workers can move into family-supporting employment.    Fifth, explore two-generational strategies that help parents move up at work and enhance children's life chances at the same time.    And sixth, avoid counterproductive ideas such as block grants that would turn back the demonstrated successes of the safety net.    In conclusion, as a result of policy improvements over the last two decades, the major national safety net programs combine a strong impact on poverty with positive work incentives for low-income families. I urge you to consider building on this momentum with additional practical steps such as those I have highlighted here.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. GOLDEN. Can I comment?    Ms. GOLDEN. I am just going to comment on Ms. McCorkle's situation and your courage.    First of all, you should be a reassured. Given the numbers in Maryland, you should end up with your income almost doubling, and that is because of one thing that is Federal, just to highlight the committee's jurisdiction, the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit.    But second, I want to highlight your concern about child care, which again goes to that Federal-State relationship, is an enormous issue for mothers across the country, and the challenge there, I think, is not flexibility but money. The State of Maryland does enable people who leave welfare to stay on child care, but you couldn't get on before when you were working because they have a waiting list, and that is because, flexibility or not, they just need those resources and they can't stretch them far enough. So I think that is a piece of the Federal-State dynamic.    Ms. GOLDEN. So I think we know----    Ms. GOLDEN. We know a lot about the disadvantages of block grants, that they risk turning back the successes of the safety net and making the work issues worse. You note the State choice around Medicaid. Ms. McCorkle doesn't have to worry about her health insurance because Maryland made the right choice on Medicaid expansion. In Texas, she would have to worry about it.    So a couple of things about block grants. One is that they, in every case I can think of in the poverty and human services area, they go down over time. TANF is down by 40 percent. Child care, my written testimony says, we are serving, you know, the fewest people we have for a dozen years. And not only do they go down over time, they don't respond to economic trouble.    So during the recession when family need was greatest for those struggling low-income working people, SNAP and Medicaid responded to that need, kept people access to health insurance and food, TANF as a block grant did not.    As you know, they raised the big problem of State--of differences by State. So that the benefits for children that I talked about, depend on where a child is born. And the forth thing, which I think is a very big issue, they don't solve the problem that has been identified today. If the State of Maryland, which we were just hearing about, is not able to provide sufficient child care benefits, to make sure that people are able to keep that for, you know, for the long--a long time, or to get it when they are in low-wage work, that is not about flexibility. It is not that that family needs child care instead of healthcare coverage for their kids, it is about dollars.    And the Congress has come to a bipartisan reauthorization of child care legislation. There is money proposed by the authorizing committee for that. There is a proposal by the President in his budget for expanding dollars. Child care is very flexible. States get to make lots of choices about how to spend it, but flexibility doesn't compensate for not having the resources to meet the needs that you have got.    Ms. GOLDEN. So, I am glad you raised that, because one of the things I highlight in my testimony is that the problem for low-wage workers is a lot about the labor market. The public safety net programs are doing a lot of what they need to do very successfully, but when you look at, say, kids in poverty, 70 percent of them are living with someone who work, a third of are living with someone who works full-time full year. So the issues are wages that are too low and hours that are insufficient, and jobs that are transient and impermanent.    So addressing the problem of wages essentially offers the opportunity for someone to raise kids and work in a family-sustaining setting. And I want to note that I think it also probably makes it easier for them to above up beyond that. Because we do a lot of work at CLASP also on workforce training, post-secondary education. And if you are trying to balance work, school, and raising kids, having enough income from the work piece so that you can do the whole thing is virtually impossible at the minimum wage. So I think that that is a very important piece.    Ms. GOLDEN. I think that--so, first of all, may I just support your point that these facts don't make sense to you, because I think we have looked at some of the calculations in Mr. Randolph's report, and the housing calculation. In fact, it doesn't work that way. People don't get pushed off when their income hits. They stay on. They just can't come in new at that level. So I think one of the lessons is many theoretical calculations, in fact, aren't true the way the program happen on the ground.    In terms of the reasons for this hearing, I will tell you my hope. I won't tell you what I would worry about. My hope is that we are here to talk about the extraordinary successes of the safety net, Like the fact that we have sharply reduced poverty; we have insured that the safety net supports work for the vast majority of low-income people, and that we are getting evidence about how it supports children's life-long effectiveness, and then maybe we will talk about some of the practical next steps that you have highlighted that the committees could take, like extending the earned income tax credit further, like increasing investment in child care. So those would be my hopes for what would come out of it.    Ms. GOLDEN. So let me highlight the job. You have raised a lot of issues. Let me start with the job-training one, which I think is really important. So one of the things Congress did in a bipartisan way in 2014 was pass the reauthorization of the Nation's workforce program, but not put additional dollars into it. And so that is another point where there are many positive things in that law. For example, one of the past challenges of that law was that it didn't really focus on, above all, on the low-income, low-skilled people you are talking about. And the Congress changed the incentives in order to make it more.    So I actually think that focusing a lot on that and the Nutrition Subcommittee, of course, and the reauthorization of the farm bill, the TANF training pilots, that is another opportunity to really get that right. And I am--I am sorry. You were going to say something?    Ms. GOLDEN. The other thing that I--I guess, two things I want to say looking forward. One is I do think the workforce legislation and the opportunities there are crucial. Second, I think that--you know, I have spent a lot of my career at the State and local level and worked a lot with States, and I think there are big opportunities for States to seize these moments, but SNAP E&T is an example, they have lots of flexibility; they don't draw it down. So they need to see the importance of doing that.    On the cliffs, I would just note that I think there has been important progress. You described since 1986, and an example is that back then there was essentially no child care resources. But what has happened is that families are working more than ever in struggling low-waged jobs, and so adding the capacity to address the cliffs I think is needed to solve it, too.    Ms. GOLDEN. Sure. I think I would highlight a couple of things you said and then build on them. You have highlighted the way SNAP encourages, not discourages work. And it is a fact in stabilizing people's lives so they can work and move up. And second, the role of employment training programs. There is a big barrier for the low-income person trying to make that jump is typically going to be about getting the promotion, having the skills, in doing bipartisan workforce reauthorization that the Congress did, the Congress, both parties, said really, a post-secondary credential is likely to be crucial for moving up.    So that puts employment and training front and center. And Washington State, as you say, is a leader. What the farm bill includes, in addition to the unlimited matching funds that exist for employment and training in SNAP, as I said, many States are not seriously drawing down, it adds pilots, 10 pilots, which ought to create lessons about doing this really, really well. And one of the things that we are excited about is that there has been a lot of innovation in the employment and training arena, community colleges, workforce programs, but it isn't necessarily known to SNAP agencies. And so building that connection, using those pilots to people can make that leap I think is a very excited next step.    Ms. GOLDEN. Absolutely. And the issue for States is not the flexibility to do those things. They have that. It is having the ideas and making them work.    Ms. GOLDEN. Sure. I am glad you highlighted that because work support strategies initiative, which is a foundation-funded initiative that we are leading at CLASP with two other national partners, we are working with six States trying to do exactly what you say, deliver Medicaid SNAP, and child care subsidies using the flexibility that is already there, not anything that would need new laws to work well for working families.    As you mentioned, North Carolina, the others are Republican and Democratic governor States, Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, North Carolina, South Carolina, Rhode Island. And what I would highlight is that one of the big things that the States have been doing is getting rid of barriers that are not in policy. They are certainly not in Federal policy, sometimes they are in State policy, that were keeping working families out. Like if you have to, in North Carolina, if you used to have to stand in two separate lines for a whole day to be able to take care of your health care and your nutrition needs, then if you were working a low-wage job where you were going to be fired or miss your paycheck for missing hours, you were not going to be able to get that help, and that was going to destabilize your family.    So what these States are doing is taking advantage of the existing flexibility to deliver it better. They do, as you say, save some administrative dollars because they are able to use information and data they have already got rather than having to process things multiple times over. But it is crucial to them that they have the Medicaid and SNAP structures as they are now, because that is how you can get the benefits to people quickly. So I think that is a great example of flexibility that exists now.    Ms. GOLDEN. Well, I think both SNAP and health benefits. So starting with SNAP. So, first of all, it is key that it is not a block grant program. It doesn't require somebody to spend hours interviewing you before you get your help with your nutrition. It is a program that responds to recession. I think Mr. Meehan highlighted that.    So when somebody needs the help, it can happen based on a determination of their eligibility that you can do very quickly and in an automated way. SNAP also is important as a work support because of the gradual way that dollars phase out. So it takes into account the fact that you will have more expenses when you--when you work, and that gets taken into account.    A number of States, about half the States have chosen an option that makes it even more--even less likely to have a cliff, which is the categorical eligibility option. So the Federal policy framework allows States to deliver it in a very effective way, and those States that take a hard look at their own delivery systems, their own computers, their own local offices, are able to then live up to that promise.    Ms. GOLDEN. Could I just add to that? Because I think the answers that most economists have come up with who have looked into that is that it is now going down. SNAP rose with the recession. It is now going down. You would expect it to be somewhat a delayed effect, because the effect of better income for the bottom end of the labor force has happened last. So most people think it is about the economy, not about the policy changes.    Ms. GOLDEN. Sure. So Illinois is one of the 6----    Ms. GOLDEN. Illinois is one of the six States that we are working with. And I would say a couple of things, both similarities and differences to Ms. McCorkle's situation. Illinois and Maryland have both made the choice to expand Medicaid. So they are both States where taking a job--leaving welfare and taking a job isn't going to force a parent to lose their health insurance. So that is very important.    One of the things that Ms. McCorkle highlighted in Maryland was about child care, right? It was about not only your challenges in the co-pay now, but the fact that when you were working before you went on welfare, you couldn't get compiled care, because Maryland has a waiting list. Illinois, by contrast, has a historic commitment to not having a waiting list and to serving family, but the challenge right now is that in terms of dollars, it goes back to that point that what the States need is not flexibility, but resources. They are very stressed trying to be able to keep that commitment. And so additional Federal dollars to address child care needs for low-income working families, I think will be very important in the future as Illinois seeks to keep that commitment.    Ms. GOLDEN. Let me underline--I am sorry.    Ms. GOLDEN. Yes. So what I would highlight is that, first of all, you are absolutely right about the extent to which poverty itself is a barrier to work. And the research supports that and says that if you are able to eat and your life isn't disrupted, and you are not constantly evicted, that contributes to working and moving up. So I think that is exactly right.    And I do think that the other--with only one moment to say, that job training for adults ought to go hand in hand with investment in kids with children not being hungry. That is an opportunity investment, right? We know that when kids are not hunger and are able to get their health taken care of and in early child care, that in itself is an opportunity investment in their later lives. So we ought to be putting these things together.