    Mr. Shuster. The committee will come to order. I want to welcome everybody here today. I guess it is appropriate to say top o' the morning on this St. Patrick's Day. I notice that our three witnesses, none of them have green on. Mayor, is that green? I cannot tell. But with the last name of McCrory, you do not need to wear green. We know you are Irish. There you go.    But again, it is great to have you here. Our witnesses are the Honorable Patrick McCrory, who is the Governor of the State of North Carolina, testifying on behalf of the National Governors Association; the Honorable Ralph Becker, mayor of Salt Lake City, Utah, testifying on behalf of the National League of Cities; and the Honorable John Cox, who is the director of the Wyoming Department of Transportation, testifying on behalf of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. Thank you all for being here today. We really look forward to hearing from you.    This is our second hearing on the surface transportation reauthorization, which is one of our committee's top priorities. And it should be; it is a top priority for the Nation. We are actively working together with Ranking Member DeFazio and both sides of the aisle, working with our leadership in the House and the Senate, the Ways and Means Committee, and others to figure out the funding issues.    And because both sides of the aisle, both sides of the Capitol, and both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue are talking about the need for a long-term transportation or surface transportation bill, I feel confident we will get there, making the investments we need to make sure America is competitive and continues to improve the quality of life for Americans.    So again, I look forward to hearing from all of you today, and with that, I will yield to the ranking member, Mr. DeFazio, for an opening statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio.    I now ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record, without objection, so ordered. We would like you to keep your oral testimony to 5 minutes. And again, your full testimony will be in the record.    I understand, Governor, you have to leave at 10:45, and I have to leave at 10:45. So you and I can depart together.    For those Members that do not get an opportunity to ask the Governor questions, hopefully we can submit them in writing to him and we can get answers on it. And again, I ask all Members to abide by the 5-minute rule.    And I would now like to call on Mr. Meadows from North Carolina to introduce the Governor.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much. And Governor, with that you can----    Governor McCrory. Well, thank you very much, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. And I would like to also thank my good friend Mark Meadows. And I would like to also give my best to David Rouzer, who served in our North Carolina legislature. And I also see my old friend from South Carolina, the Myrtle Beach area. It is great to have you here, and it was great getting to know you many years ago.    I am speaking on behalf of the National Governors Association, and I am also speaking on behalf of the citizens of North Carolina. Most people do not realize this, but North Carolina now is the ninth most populous State in the United States of America. And I do not think they know that in Washington or New York, but we know it in North Carolina.    We are a very diverse State with a lot of transportation infrastructure needs. And I would like to thank you all for working on behalf of our State and all States in the United States.    I want to urge the Congress to pass a long-term Federal transportation reauthorization bill that provides States certainty and flexibility. And we need to make sure that we then make efficient use of transportation dollars that we use, just like we do with our own State dollars.    In North Carolina, we recognize that transportation infrastructure plays a crucial role in attracting business, supporting the significant military presence in our State, and connecting people to health care, educational opportunities, jobs, and recreation.    In fact, just last summer Sealed Air announced it was bringing 1200 jobs to the Charlotte region, and specifically cited our surface transportation network, particularly Charlotte Douglas International Airport, as a major factor in the decision.    North Carolina maintains the second largest highway system in the country. Our ferry division is the second largest State owned and operated system in the country, and we also operate two major ports and support 99 public transit systems.    The majority of our Federal transportation dollars are needed to maintain this vast network. Much of our Nation's transportation infrastructure, as you know, is crumbling, and many aging structures and systems are unable to fill the modern-day demands.    States have to become more creative with our transportation dollars, and so does the Federal Government. In North Carolina, we have devised a mobility formula that ranks transportation projects on objective criteria based upon whether the projects relieve congestion, improve safety, and/or foster economic development. With this new approach, we will fund approximately 30 percent more projects during the next 10 years than we would have under the old, more political formula.    As mayor of Charlotte, I implemented a 25-year transportation plan, and now Charlotte is in the 18th year of that plan. Similarly now as Governor of North Carolina, I recently unveiled a 25-year transportation vision for the entire State that identifies and now hopefully will implement our future infrastructure needs.    Long-term investment in roads and bridges requires long-term planning. We are now moving to consider innovative funding options for implementing our 25-year plan in the State of North Carolina. We seek to leverage historically low interest rates by authorizing a $1.2 billion transportation bond to the voters, hopefully this year. We are also working to stabilize our gas tax revenue and are exploring alternative sources of funding such as expanding State revenue-sharing from offshore energy production.    Despite our creative efficiencies, our efforts still fall far short of our needs. The funding sources we have available today in North Carolina will fund only about 18 percent of our transportation needs during the next decade. Twenty-eight percent of our transportation budget is Federal.    By the way, I also want to add that one-third of our transportation budget is currently in litigation, which is another issue I would be glad to talk to you about in the future.    While we are doing our part to address this shortfall, we still need support from a strong and reliable Federal partner. I am not here to endorse devolution of the Federal program, but to advocate for strengthening the Federal/State partnership and relationship. Elimination of the Federal program would be catastrophic to our State and many States throughout the United States, and not only to North Carolina, but everywhere, to the country at large.    Consider that North Carolina is home to 7 military bases that are the headquarters for some of the Nation's most vital commands and 110,000 active duty personnel. Failure to invest in surface infrastructure that delivers freight to our military and provides deployment access points will degrade our Nation's military readiness.    I consider myself an Eisenhower Republican. I have said that since I was mayor for 14 years, and am now in my third year as Governor of North Carolina. And it is no surprise that a military person, President Dwight David Eisenhower, is the father of our interstate system. His vision connected America's East to the West, the North to the South, rural and urban. Connectivity is what it is all about. He knew that without the unifying force of transportation, and let me quote, ``we would be a mere alliance of many separate parts.'' That also applies to North Carolina's 100 counties.    Similarly, our strategic long-term plan in North Carolina will connect the far west of our State, in Congressman Meadows' district, to Congressman Rouzer's district in the east. In 2012, Congress passed MAP-21, which authorized highway and transit laws for 2 years and was extended last summer for 10 months.    Without your action, as the chairman mentioned, the extension will expire in a short 10 weeks. Important surface transportation programs will halt at the height of the construction season, risking thousands of jobs and disruption to important projects.    I am here on behalf of all the Governors. And I know my time is up. We need action now. And I want to do everything I can as the Governor of the ninth largest State to support that action and to come up with viable solutions for the long term.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Governor.    And with that, Mayor Becker. Your city is the fifth fastest growing city in America, I understand, so we want to hear what you are doing in Utah, and give us some guidance here in Washington.    Mr. Shuster. Can you pull the mic a little closer to you?    Mr. Shuster. It moves.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mayor.    And with that, Director Cox, please proceed.    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you all very much. And it is really important having you here, the three of you. You are the front lines out there. You see the problems firsthand, whether it is streamlining--and one of my focuses is going to be the streamlining to build on what Chairman Mica did in MAP-21. And I think there are important reforms in that. Some of those are being implemented today, slowly; some of them are being implemented in ways that we are going to have to tighten up the law to make sure that streamlining occurs.    But every time we do a Federal surface transportation bill, there are those that talk about eliminating the Federal role. And I think you all three made it pretty clear. But if that were to happen, can you give us some specifics on what the outcomes would be if we were to eliminate the Federal role, which of course I do not advocate, but just so folks understand. And you are the folks that know what is going to happen out there.    So Governor?    Governor McCrory. Well, it is obvious there would be major financial implications. And you know the numbers on what it looks like for each State. But I think it really goes back to the whole connectivity issue.    One of our country's biggest challenges and my State's biggest challenge is connecting economic regions with other regions that are not faring as well during this recovery. And if we have hodgepodge type of planning up and down the east coast or going east to west or north to south, you are going to have major segments of our transportation system in turmoil, which will impact the trade and commerce of the United States, and also impact the environment of the United States.    So I believe in an interconnectivity plan, connecting East with West, North with South, rural with urban, ports with areas of commerce, and the list goes on and on. And if we do not have that Federal presence, I think we would go back to a system in which there is not a clear planning, and I think there would be a waste of dollars on roads and other infrastructure that do not have an interconnectivity to other investments, both the Federal, State, and local governments.    Mr. Shuster. Mayor?    Mr. Shuster. Director Cox?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And Governor, you mentioned a staggering statistic. One-third of your highway funding is wrapped up in litigation. Is it the funding part of it? Is it environmental? Is it all the above?    Governor McCrory. Most of it is a type of environmental, where we have projects that have been held up due to woodpeckers, to snails, to other types of species under the Endangered Species Act. And you can delay a project 5 years, 20 years, 50 years, and it gets more and more expensive the longer we delay. We put a lot of money into lawyers and lawsuits.    And not only that, but it ties up the money, and that is one area where we would like some more flexibility at the State level. If we do have a project tied up, let us have the flexibility to transfer that money to another high-priority project. I want to respect that relationship. If you allow us to transfer that money, allow us to transfer that money to a higher priority project which would have also a positive impact on not only the statewide system but the system connecting the Nation.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    Mr. DeFazio?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. It must be lonely out there, Mayor, with all those Republicans that surround you.    Mr. Shuster. It sounds like you are working together. That is great.    With that, Chairman Mica.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Mica.    Ms. Norton is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. I thank the Governor.    Mr. Crawford is recognized. Five minutes.    Mr. Shuster. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Sires?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Sires.    Mr. Gibbs, and Mr. Gibbs will be the last question before I know the Governor has a hard stop. So you might want to direct the last question, or your question, Mr. Gibbs, to the Governor.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And with that, Governor, I know you have got a hard stop. I have to depart, myself, so we can leave together. And I am going to leave the gavel in the hand of the vice chair of the full committee, Mr. Duncan from Tennessee.    And before I leave, I will recognize Ms. Esty for 5 minutes. Governor, thank you so much for being here.    Governor McCrory. Thank you all very much for your hard work. Appreciate it.