    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your time and your testimony today. Building on my colleagues' questioning, in particular the questioning by Mr. Allen and Mr. Carter, I just would reiterate what those others have said.    I talk to educators and parents all the time. They are very concerned about the students' learning environments and are very attentive to this new law that we have passed, the ESSA. And they are skeptical in many ways because they do not believe that even though the law was written in such a way with such plain language and unambiguous language, that we will be able to implement it in a way that was intended.    That government agencies tend to take liberties with whatever law is passed by Congress and we have seen that up and down the chain, not just in the Department of Education, but in other departments as well, in other agencies as well. So there is a bit of skepticism here and I am wondering, you have indicated that you have got the regulations out right now for comment. When you have completed those, are you prepared to come back in here with your final draft of those regulations to review them with us?    Mr. Bishop. In good faith, I think that is a wise position to take and one that I think is good for this committee as well as all of us have a sense of skepticism as to whether or not the law that we passed is the law that would be implemented.    I have confidence that you are here today in good faith and I look forward to further dialogue. I had one specific question as well with regard to the ESSA, Mr. Secretary. It requires States to include the 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rate as an indicator in their accountability system. The statute also requires States to report annual data on the 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rate.    The statute does not, however, require States to use the graduation rate when calculating which high schools are identified for comprehensive support based on low graduation rates. The statute leaves the calculation of the graduation rates for identification purposes, as Mr. Carter had indicated, earlier to the States.    In addition, as you know, the statute prohibits you in particular from prescribing the specific methodology for identifying schools.    How is your proposal that we discussed today that has been outlined consistent with the plain language, the unambiguous language of the statute in the prohibition against prescribing methodologies?    Mr. Bishop. You believe when you are talking about the inception that you are speaking of--give you, despite the fact that there is a prohibition against prescribing methodologies, that fits within that exception that you are speaking of?    Mr. Bishop. Okay, thank you, Mr. Secretary. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.