    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try and keep my comments a little brief and just allow you to answer. To the Navy, I haven't heard anything about the Growler program. Are we on stage there, are we needing more Growlers, especially as the F-35 comes online a Growler is going to be a very useful tool with the F-35.    Mr. Knight. Good, good. Thank you, sir.    To the Air Force. You know, we are in a stage where it is not first-sight, first-kill, it is actually first-shot, first-kill with the fifth generation fighters.    And with the Aerospace Innovation Initiative and of the change to the X-plane, oh, platforms over the last 20 years, do you see us still moving into an era we are going to--we are going to fly the wings off a fighter for the next 50 years, and then try and go on to the next generation and then fly the wings off it for 50 years, instead of moving more toward bringing in today's technology about every 15 years, as we used to do?    General Ray. Yes, sir. Thank you for that question. The short answer is that we have realized how difficult it is to make these very lengthy aircraft programs, just as you mentioned. We have done a lot of thinking about this. And we do believe that there is a very clear need to move to a capabilities-based development.    Recent efforts in the Air Force have been chartered by the Secretary and the Chief to allow us to take a very bold look at how we maintain air superiority in 2030. And the mindset there will be to build a learning campaign on how to aggregate the capabilities that we have and to put the technologies in play that will keep the air-to-air kill chain resilient in 2030 and beyond.    We think that there is a tremendous amount of learning, experimentation, and prototyping that has to happen to make that a reality. Mr. Kendall's aircraft innovation initiative is a piece of that. That is a touch point for both the Navy and the Air Force.    But for the Air Force's role in that particular piece, we are going to take a much broader look at how we do this as an Air Force, as an enterprise, as a family of systems. Certainly, there will be something that flies, something that will be in the battlespace. Exactly how we do that is not defined.    But we know we need to bring the technologies that we are going to have to play, not the technologies that we want. So it will take a great deal of collaboration and learning to do that in time.    Mr. Knight. Thank you, sir. And I will say one compliment to the F-35. It is doing very well at Edwards Air Force Base and hitting--hitting its test points. And almost overachieving in many of the areas that they didn't think it would.    So--but my last question, Mr. Chair, with your indulgence is----    Mr. Knight. We are going into an era where the airframe is going to be the biggest deal. It is not going to be the speed and the armament. It is going to be the airframe. And you can't change the airframe. So if we keep that airframe for 40 or 50 years, we are stuck with it. And that is the change to innovation of how we see the aircraft, how the aircraft can get into enemy lines. And that will be my continued question as we move through this process.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.