    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for agreeing to my request to hold today's hearing on the cybersecurity challenges posed by contractors and third-party vendors.    Over the past several years we have seen an alarming increase in the number of major data breaches that originated with contractors and vendors. Just last year, Target and Home Depot were breached by hackers who gained access to the retailers' networks by using credentials stolen from the computer systems of vendors that did business with these companies.    Federal agencies are not immune. The breach of the Postal Service last year originated from a phishing attack on a contractor for the agency. Last year, contractors with the Office of Personnel Management were subjected to a sophisticated cyber attack and tens of thousands of sensitive personnel records were compromised. One of those contractors was a company called USIS. At the time, it was the largest provider of background information investigative services to the Federal Government.    USIS is currently at the center of a billion dollar civil fraud suit brought by the Justice Department for allegedly dumping incomplete background investigation reports to OPM over a four and a half year time period. According to the Justice Department, USIS deliberately took this action to increase profits. Apparently, the company's desire to increase profits also may have been to blame for its failure to make cyber investments necessary to secure the large amounts of sensitive personal information it should have been protecting on its networks.    On September 3rd, 2014, committee staff received a briefing from security experts at the Department of Homeland Security, the Office of Director of National Intelligence, and OPM, all of whom analyzed the cyber attack against USIS. While much of that briefing was sensitive, one point may be discussed publicly. Press accounts had initially reported that the attack may have compromised the personal information of up to 27,000 Federal employees.    However, government cybersecurity experts believe this number is a floor and not a ceiling. The actual number of individuals affected by USIS's data breach is still not yet known, but these experts believe that the personal information of many more Federal employees may have been compromised.    Unfortunately, investigating the USIS data breach has been particularly challenging. That is because neither USIS nor its parent company, Altegrity, have fully complied with this committee's request for answers.    Today's hearing is a recognition that the Federal Government faces increased cyber risks from contractors. But as I mentioned earlier, this is a challenge the private sector faces as well.    I have repeatedly pressed for more rigorous oversight of cybersecurity in both private and public sectors. Although we had little success in the previous Congress, I am encouraged by the bipartisan approach we have taken on this very critical issue and I hope it continues.    So, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you again for agreeing to hold today's hearing. In addition, I understand that our staffs are meeting tomorrow to discuss a possible follow-on hearing with some of these private sector entities. And I want to thank you for continuing to work with me.    While our ranking member is not here yet, I would yield a minute to my colleague, Mr. Connolly, who has worked very hard on these issues over the years. He might have a brief statement.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Seymour, I want to thank you for testifying today. I want to thank all of you for testifying.    Every day Government agencies and contractors are the targets of cyber attacks. I wanted to ask you about an attack that happened in 2014. In March of last year, OPM's networks were attacked by a sophisticated cyber threat. At about the same time, USIS, a contractor for OPM that conducts background checks, was also attacked. As I understand it, the attack against OPM did not result in any breaches of personal information, but the attack against USIS did. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So the attack on OPM, the Government agency, was thwarted, but the attack on USIS, the contractor, resulted in the theft of thousands of personal records. Ms. Seymour, we want to learn from this. What protections did OPM have in place that USIS did not?    Mr. Cummings. So those kinds of cyber protections that you had in place at OPM, they are expensive?    Mr. Cummings. So USIS could have saved money by not investing in those cyber protections, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Right. Right. So USIS is a subsidiary of a company called Altegrity, and Altegrity owns other subsidiaries that also do business with the Federal Government. On February 11th, 2014, the committee held a hearing with the head of USIS. I asked him about whether Altegrity oversaw these subsidiaries and I also asked him about bonuses Altegrity paid to USIS executives during a four-and-a-half year period when USIS allegedly perpetrated a massive fraud against the Government. In response, he confirmed that Altegrity, in fact, oversaw these subsidiaries and that Altegrity determined those million dollar bonuses. Since then, neither USIS nor Altegrity has answered one single question we have asked them.    So, Ms. Seymour, after you discovered the breach at USIS, was the company fully cooperative in responding to the Government's request for information about the cyber attack? Did they allow Federal cyber officials to investigate the breach of other Altegrity subsidiaries?    Mr. Cummings. Chairman's indulgence. I just have one more question.    Ms. Seymour, after the breach and the discovery of the alleged--let me go back to what you just said. Were you able to accomplish everything you wanted to accomplish with regard to USIS? I take it that you didn't get everything that you wanted.    Mr. Cummings. Yes, I got it.    Mr. Cummings. So, in answer to my question, you didn't get everything you wanted.    Mr. Cummings. And, Ms. Seymour, after the breach and the discovery of the alleged fraud, OPM decided not to renew its contract with USIS. But I recently learned that the company may be planning legal action. Have you seen any signs that Altegrity or USIS might bring a lawsuit against OPM?    Mr. Cummings. So after failing to protect the personal data of tens of thousands of people, after not fully cooperating with the Government after the breach, after refusing to answer Congress's questions, now Altegrity may be planning to sue. There are serious questions about how Altegrity has been conducting business with over $2 billion in taxpayer funds it has received. I think we should pursue answers directly from Altegrity, and I will bring that up with the chairman.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.