    Chairman Royce. Ambassador Nuland, welcome.    This hearing will come to order, and our topic today is     ``Ukraine Under Siege.'' And Ukraine is under siege by Russia at this moment, and unfortunately, the response to Russia's aggression by the administration has been quite tepid.    A year ago, Russia invaded and seized Crimea, and some thought that Vladimir Putin would stop there. Not so. And last April, Ranking Member Eliot Engel and I led a delegation to Ukraine. We traveled to the Russian speaking-east. I think we had eight members on that delegation. We went into Dnepropetrovsk, which is bordering Luhansk and Donetsk.    And I have to share with the members here that the many Ukrainians that--and these are Russian speaking Ukrainians in the far east that Mr. Engel and I met with, wanted to be Ukrainians. They did not want to be separatists.    We spoke to the women's groups there, to the lawyers' groups, civil society, the Jewish group, various ethnic minorities, the governor, the mayor. At Passover, Mr. Engel spoke at the largest Jewish community center in Eastern Europe, the largest synagogue.    And I can just share with the members here what--I'll attest to the attitude was--one of the thoughts shared with us is it seems that Russia has recruited every skinhead and every malcontent in the Russian speaking world and are trying to bring them into the east. And they said we are holding them in a brig here until hostilities are over, because we can spot them, but they are coming in from Russia in order to try to overthrow our Government.    And so we have seen this situation where Moscow moved from annexing Crimea to aggressively supporting militant separatists in eastern Ukraine and indeed bringing Russian troops into the country. And Russia may now try to secure a land bridge to Crimea. That is the great concern here. That was the worry we heard that they would further expand this conflict; that they might try to seize the strategic port of Mariupol.    Now when we talked to the U.N. agencies on the ground, they count over 6,000 civilians who have been killed in this conflict. There are 1.7 million Ukrainians that have now been made refugees. To date, the actions taken by the U.S. and our EU allies, including economic sanctions and aid and diplomatic isolation, have not checked Putin. Indeed over the past year he has become bolder, even menacing NATO countries as he seeks to divide the alliance.    The Obama administration and our European allies have put hope in diplomatic and ceasefire arrangements, but it is not working. Last week, I met with the First Deputy Speaker of the Ukrainian Parliament who said that his country urgently needs anti-tank weapons such as the Javelin. He needs radar to pinpoint enemy fire in order to do the counter-battery work to suppress that artillery, and he needs communications equipment to overcome Russian jamming.    Ukrainian forces cannot match the advanced equipment that Russia is pouring into eastern Ukraine. And by the way, when you see tanks come into eastern Ukraine those are not Ukrainians in those tanks. Those are Russians. There is no shortage of the will to fight, only a shortage of defensive weapons.    But at the committee's hearing last week, Secretary Kerry said that President Obama has still not made a decision on whether to send defensive lethal military aid to Ukraine. Six months after President Poroshenko told a joint session of Congress in his words, ``One cannot win the war with blankets,'' it was not surprising, but still discouraging, to see him have to shop for defensive weapons, and unfortunately it has been very, very difficult for Ukraine to find any defensive weapons.    And I was just as discouraged to read in this weekend's Wall Street Journal that U.S. intelligence sharing with Ukraine keeps Ukraine in the dark. Satellite images are delayed and obscured making them less useful. Frustrated, Ukraine is approaching other countries like Canada to share such information. This isn't U.S. leadership. Moscow is also undermining Ukraine's economy. Today Russia is using its natural gas and other energy sources for political coercion and to generate economic chaos in the country.    Ukraine is facing an economic precipice. It desperately needs help. Meanwhile, Russia is winning the battle on the airwaves and they are doing it by broadcasting out conspiracy theories and propaganda. Anyone who has monitored what has been up on the air is well aware that this propaganda is offensive, is aimed at sowing confusion and undermining opposition to its aggression in Ukraine and elsewhere.    But we are barely in the game of countering this with the facts. As I told the Secretary last week, I would like to see more administration support for the effort Mr. Engel and I have undertaken to reform our international broadcasting. The Broadcasting Board of Governors is broken. If we can't begin to change minds, then the struggle over Ukraine today will become a generational struggle for the future of Eastern Europe. Ukraine's fate has security implications for well beyond its borders.    Now we passed this bill into the Senate last year. We were not able to bring it up and get it out of the Senate. We did not have the administration's support for it. But we have vetted this and have a great deal of support in this institution for getting back up on the air with Radio Free Europe, Radio Liberty type broadcasting that we did years ago to great effect with a message that will get the truth effectively into Eastern Europe and into Russia. It is time for strong and unwavering support of Ukraine. It is time for this right now, and many of these committee members on this committee, I believe, are concerned U.S. policy toward Ukraine may soon become, ``too little, too late.''    And I now turn to the ranking member for opening remarks that Mr. Engel of New York might wish to make.    Chairman Royce. So this morning we are very pleased to be joined by Ambassador Victoria Nuland. And before assuming her position as Assistant Secretary for the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs with the Department of State, Ambassador Nuland served as the Department of State's spokesperson. She also served as the United States Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization from 2005 to 2008, and she focused heavily on NATO-Russia issues during that period of time.    And without objection, the witness's full prepared statement is going to be made part of the record. Members will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements to the committee, any questions and extraneous materials for the record which we will ask the Ambassador to respond to in writing.    So we would ask, Ambassador, if you would please summarize your remarks and then we will go to questions.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you very much, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, members of this committee, for having me back today to speak about the situation in Ukraine and for your personal investment in that country's future.    Let me also take this opportunity to say that we share this committee's sadness and outrage over the murder of freedom fighter and Russian patriot and friend to many of us, Boris Nemtsov. The outpouring of concern from Congress again demonstrates bipartisan U.S. respect for those in Russia and across the region who are working for reform, clean government, justice and dignity.    Today Ukraine is central to our 25-year effort for a ``Europe     whole, free and at peace.'' With your permission, I would like to focus on three areas in particular today. First, on the hard work that Ukraine is doing with U.S. and international support to build a more democratic, independent and European country.    Second, I will address both the opportunity that Russia has to implement the February and September Minsk agreements as well as the further costs that the United States and our European allies will have to impose if Minsk is further violated. And finally, I will touch very briefly on three other new threats to European security that we are working on--energy vulnerability, corruption and propaganda, as noted by the chairman--that the Ukraine conflict also brings into high relief and all we are doing on them.    First, a quick reminder of why we are here. Fourteen months ago, the Kyiv Maidan and towns across Ukraine erupted in peaceful protest by ordinary Ukrainians who were fed up with the sleazy, corrupt regime that was bent on cheating its people of their democratic choice for a more European future. They braved frigid temperatures, brutal beatings and sniper bullets. Ultimately the leader of that rotten regime fled the country, and then he was voted out by the Parliament including most members of his own party. And then Ukraine began to forge a new nation on its own terms.    I want to take a small opportunity here to highlight the very hard work that your counterparts in the new Ukrainian Rada have undertaken just since they were seated in November. The Rada has been a beehive of activity, passing laws to tackle corruption in the public and private sector; to reduce government inefficiency; to strengthen the banking system; to clean up the energy sector; to establish a new police service; to improve the climate for business and attract new investment.    It has also been moving forward on political decentralization to give the Ukrainian regions more authority in advance of local elections. These reforms have been politically difficult, but they will also stabilize the economy, and we are seeing the hryvnia start to stabilize even today. And they will also support the swift disbursement of IMF and other international donor support. I can ask you only to imagine what it would have been like if you had been asked to pass that much legislation that quickly and that painfully.    As Ukraine has stood up, the United States and our European allies and partners have stood with her. This past year, the United States provided almost $355 million in foreign assistance to strengthen energy assistance to aid Ukraine's poorest citizens as gas costs rise; to help fight corruption; to strengthen the Ukrainian border guard and its military, a deg.$118 million in security support alone; and to support political reforms, elections and clean government.    And there is more on the way. As Secretary Kerry testified last week, the President's budget includes an FY16 request of $513.5 million, almost six times more than our FY14 request, to build on these efforts. Today we are working with Europe, the Ukrainians and the IMF to strengthen the country's economy and support the government's reform plan, particularly in implementing this package of legislation, including a new $1-billion U.S. loan guarantee and up to another $1 billion later in 2015, if you and we agree that the conditions warrant and if Ukraine is able to meet its reform targets.    This brings me to my second point. Even as Ukraine has begun building a peaceful, democratic, independent nation across 94 percent of its territory, Crimea and eastern Ukraine have suffered a reign of terror. Today, Crimea remains under illegal annexation and human rights abuses are the norm, not the exception, for Crimea's most vulnerable populations, especially Crimean Tatars, Ukrainians who won't give up their passports, and for LGBT citizens.    In eastern Ukraine, Russia and its separatist puppets have unleashed unspeakable violence and pillage. Hundreds and hundreds of Russian heavy weapons and troops have poured across the border; a commercial airliner was shot down this summer; Donetsk airport was obliterated; Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko languishes in a Moscow jail on day 82 of her hunger strike; and the city of Debal'tseve, outside the Minsk ceasefire lines, fell to separatists 6 days after the February 12th Minsk Agreement was signed. Overall, as you have said Mr. Chairman, 1.7 million Ukrainians have been forced out of their homes and over 6,000 have lost their lives.    The United States and the EU have worked in lock-step to impose successive rounds of tough sanctions including deep sectoral sanctions on Russia and its separatist cronies as the costs for these actions, and those sanctions are biting deeply on the Russian economy. Our unity with Europe with regard to Ukraine remains the cornerstone of our policy toward this crisis and a fundamental element of our strength in standing up to Russian aggression.    It is in that spirit that we salute the efforts of German Chancellor Merkel and French President Hollande in Minsk on February 12th to try again with President Poroshenko and President Putin to end the fighting in Ukraine's east. The Minsk agreements of September 5th and September 19th, and the February 12th implementing agreement, offer the promise of peace, disarmament, political normalization and decentralization in eastern Ukraine, and along with them the return of Ukraine's state sovereignty and border control in the east. For some in Ukraine, conditions have already begun to improve since February 12th. In parts of the east, the guns have been silenced and the OSCE has begun to gain access. But the picture is very, very mixed.    And just today we have OSCE reports of new heavy shelling from separatist positions around the Donetsk airport and in the towns outside Mariupol, particularly the strategically important town of Shyrokyne; and we have reports of a new 17th Russian convoy going over the border from Russia into Ukraine with no opportunity for Ukraine or the ICRC to inspect that convoy. And we all know what they have contained in the past.    So in the coming days, here is what we and our international partners have to see. We need to see a complete ceasefire all along the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine. We have to see full, unfettered access to the whole zone for OCSE monitors. And we have to see a full pullback of all heavy weapons as stipulated in the agreement.    If fully implemented, these steps will bring peace to eastern Ukraine for the first time in almost a year, and they will also allow for the implementation of the follow-on steps of Minsk, namely, access for Ukraine to its citizens in the east so they can begin a political dialogue; they can begin real work with their own population and eventually so we can see that international border closed.    As we have long said, the United States will start to roll back sanctions on Russia when the Minsk agreements are fully implemented, and so will our European partners. But as the President has also said, we will judge Russia by its actions not its words. And we have already begun, this week, intensive consultations with our European partners on further sanctions pressure should Russia continue fueling the fire in the east of Ukraine or in other parts of the country, fail to implement Minsk, or grab more land as we saw in Debal'tseve.    Finally, just a quick note to remind that traditional military force is only one of the threats to European security that we are working on. There are others including energy dependence from a single, unreliable source; the cancer of corruption; and the Kremlin's pervasive propaganda campaign where truth is no obstacle. We are working across all those fronts to harden European resilience to these new threats.    Just briefly, and there is more in my longer statement. On energy security, project by project, we are working with the EU and key countries to change Europe's energy landscape and to make it more secure, resilient and diverse. On corruption, we are working with governments, civil society and the business community, particularly across central and Eastern Europe and the Balkans, to close the space for dirty money to go in and undercut democratic institutions and pervert the business environment.    And on Russia's propaganda, we are working with the Broadcast Board of Governors to ramp up efforts to counter lies with truth. We are also requesting more than $20 million in foreign assistance and public diplomacy funds for State Department programs to counter Russian propaganda.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, members of this committee, America's investment in Ukraine is about far more than protecting the choice of a single democratic European country. It is about protecting the rules-based system across Europe and globally, and it is about saying no to borders changed by force, to big countries intimidating small, and to demanding spheres of influence. It is also as you said, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member, about protecting the promise of a Europe whole, free, and at peace. I thank each of you and I thank this committee as a whole for its bipartisan support and commitment to these policies. Thank you very much. I look forward to your questions.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ambassador Nuland.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, I do have concerns that our intelligence sharing is really in name only when it comes to Ukraine. And I know we can't get into great details here on this, but do you believe our intelligence sharing with the Ukrainians is robust enough for them to protect themselves? Because we get the information from them about the struggle they are having. We know the Canadians are trying to assist them in this, but at the end of the day they have got to prevail against these Russian backed rebel forces and Russian forces that are on their territory now with tanks.    Ambassador Nuland. Mr. Chairman, in this unclassified setting let me simply say that our intelligence cooperation with Ukraine as well as with the Ukrainian intelligence services and armed forces has been improving over time. There are certain constraints as you know, but we are continuing to look at what more we can do in a manner that protects our own assets and that we are sure will be used properly.    Chairman Royce. And let me ask you another question. Because I noticed from the head of NATO to the Director of National Intelligence to the new Defense Secretary, it seems like nearly every U.S. official supports providing defensive weapons to the Ukrainians. And indeed a letter from many Members of Congress including myself, Mr. Engel, the Speaker, will soon go to the President on this subject. Where are we on this decision? Because President Poroshenko continues his appeal to us obviously.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As I mentioned in my testimony, as you know we have provided $118 million in security and border assistance to date. This is all in the defensive non-lethal area, but some of it is on the high end of defensive including the very important counterfire radar batteries that we were able to provide just over the last few months, which Ukrainians report to us have saved lives particularly in the most intensive conflicts around Donetsk airports and Debal'tseve.    With regard to the question of providing more lethal assistance, as my Secretary, Secretary Kerry, testified last week, that question is still under discussion and the President has not made a decision.    Chairman Royce. But I want to get back to this issue of Russian tanks that are firing on cities and on Ukrainian positions. If they cannot get precision anti-tank missiles or weapons to use on the ground, there isn't the capability to stop those tanks.    And we are not talking about transferring offensive weaponry like tanks or selling those to Ukraine. What we are talking about are weapons that are purely defensive but are absolutely necessary if there is going to be any credible deterrents to what the Russians are doing town by town now in the east. The request here isn't for more blankets or meals. I saw the inventory of what we have sent them. What they are requesting is quite precise--defensive weaponry that will allow them to hold their positions.    Ambassador Nuland. Well, Mr. Chairman, as I said these issues are still under review including the types of equipment that you note which would respond directly to some of the Russian supply. Just to state for the record here, some of what we are seeing we have since December seen Russia transfer hundreds of pieces of military equipment to pro-Russian separatists, tanks, armored vehicles, rocket systems, heavy artillery.    Chairman Royce. And part of the point that I am making is that this is not all being transferred to Russian separatists. There is no way that separatists are in those tanks. They are not the tankers. They are not driving those tanks. Those are Russian soldiers driving those tanks. And I would just make the point to not decide is to decide.    Ambassador Nuland. Understood.    Chairman Royce. And that is the point we have made.    Lastly, per your observation on the broadcasting I just wanted to make the point in terms of the dysfunction. Yesterday, it was reported that the new CEO of the agency Andy Lack, in terms of the BBG, is resigning his post after 6 weeks on the job. Now we know, we know the problems that staff and others have had over at the BBG. We have heard from our former Secretary of State, Secretary Clinton, that the agency is defunct. It is defunct.    Myself and Ranking Member Eliot Engel and other members of this committee put a lot of time and effort working with those who have a very real interest in reforming this, getting a consensus. That legislation is necessary to get this agency back up to the business that it did very well in the 1980s in terms of disseminating information into Russia and into Eastern Europe. That legislation needs to have support from the administration, and I would just leave you with that request, Ambassador.    Ambassador Nuland. May I just quickly----    Chairman Royce. Yes.    Ambassador Nuland . Respond? As you know, as Secretary Kerry said, we do join you in supporting reform of the BBG. We are working with you on that. We have some differences, slight, with your proposed legislation. But I do want to do a shout-out to BBG and its affiliates for the work that they have been doing over the last year to counter Russian propaganda and particularly to support broadcasting in Ukraine. They have devoted $22.6 million to Russian language programming, a 104-percent increase over Maidan spending. RFE, RL, and VOA have now launched a half hour, new Russian language program, current time, which helps fill the gap in clean news. It is being pulled down by broadcasters all across the periphery of Russia and parts of the Russian speaking populations in Ukraine are also receiving it, and they are now reaching about 6.6 million viewers. So they have been good partners to us, and our budget requests supports doing more together.    Chairman Royce. We follow that very closely.    Ambassador Nuland. Good.    Chairman Royce. And we also are in consultation with those in theater about the effectiveness. And trust us when we say reforming the BBG is necessary at this time. We have to be able to take some decisive actions to get this back up and running the way it worked effectively in the 1980s.    And I am going to go to Mr. Engel of New York, the ranking member of this committee, for his questions. Thank you.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Mr. Chris Smith of New Jersey, chairman of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee.    Mr. Smith of New Jersey. And welcome Madam Ambassador. Just a couple of points. First of all, I do believe delay is denial and I think we have a de facto defensive weapons arms embargo on Ukraine. And it is reminiscent to me at least and perhaps many others to the Balkans War when we in a totally misguided fashion ensured that Bosnia and the Croats, the Croatians, did not have the ability to defend themselves against Milosevic's aggression, and now we see a reprise of that happening to our good friend and ally Ukraine.    When you get the Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, James Clapper, and as one of my colleagues already mentioned and I have read his speech and it is an excellent speech that was given by our top military commander, Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, he has made a number of important points, I think, in his speech, perhaps chief of which is that while Ukraine's defensive capability might not necessarily turn the tide overnight or soon, when it comes to the military situation it will make the diplomatic solution more probable.    And that is exactly what happened as we all know when the Croats broke the arms embargo. It wasn't NATO bombing that initially turned it all, it was the Croatians were able to break the arms embargo and put Milosevic to flight. And I think the Ukrainians are waiting for the kind of ability to defend themselves.    The President's advisors are all saying do it Mr. President, and he has refrained from doing it. It is baffling. When you get two world leaders between September and yesterday publicly admonishing President Obama in joint sessions of Congress, it is time to wake up, I believe, respectfully, and take their views into much greater account.    As my colleagues have said, and I believe it as well, delay is denial. People are dying. Over 6,000 are dead. Many of those are children and women. And I do think it may even be speak another issue and that is the hollowness of our military increasingly. We are not there yet, thank God, but we are on a glide slope to being weakened because of defense spending.    But as General Hodges pointed out, Germany, and we know Angela Merkel has admonished not to go with the military defensive capability, only 42 of Germany's 106 Typhoon fighters are available because of maintenance, 38 of its 89 Tornado bombers. Special forces had to pull out of the joint exercise because there was no working helicopter. A hollow force is an engraved invitation to Vladimir Putin to continue his aggressive ways, so I think the alliance itself and the United States needs to step up and help the Ukrainians.    I was in Europe 2 weeks ago for an OSCE winter meeting, and the Ukrainians, and while they don't want to say this publicly, just like Netanyahu was effusive in the opening speech, part of his speech with praise for Obama, they don't want to say it publicly, they need us. So they have to tread lightly and walk on eggshells.    But they told me off the record how profoundly disappointed they are in President Obama especially in light of people around him saying please Mr. President, this is a time for American leadership. So when will that decision be made? The pipeline took 6 years and then finally we found out where the President really stood when he vetoed the bill for the Keystone Pipeline. What, is it next week? Is it tomorrow? There is statements by Poroshenko today admonishing the, and it is right from our Embassy, admonishing the European Union not to be premature, his word, in being optimistic about where Minsk II is taking us.    And again there are also parallels that I thank God for the 452 OSCE monitors that are on the ground doing wonderful work, but it is reminiscent again of what happened in Croatia and Bosnia when the European monitors were there. And I remember meeting with them with their white suits on and scorepads. How many people are being killed? How many are being raped? It was horrible stuff and they were brave as could be, no weapons, while the OSCE monitors are in that same boat. They need defensive weapons and they need them now.    Yield. The answer tomorrow maybe are we going to find out from the President? Delay is denial.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman. I think as you heard in my opening statement, we are watching the implementation of Minsk. We do have concerns now about new firing on the ground in the last couple of days. I do think that the environment and whether this is implemented will affect the calculus both on the sanction side and on the security support side.    Mr. Smith of New Jersey. Okay, but hopefully soon. I mean the Ukrainians are suffering so much. Nadia Savchenko the pilot, remember, of the Parliament? She is in her 82nd day of a hunger strike. What do we know about her and what are we doing to try to affect her release?    Ambassador Nuland. We have grave concerns about her condition. We believe she was illegally abducted across the border and that she is being illegally held; that if Russia wanted to give a humanitarian gesture there would be nothing more impactful that they could do quickly than to release her. Today we have concerns about her health. She was seen by a European doctor last week or 2 weeks ago. But as you know, when you are taking in no calories, every day matters. So in every meeting we have at every level, notably including Secretary Kerry's meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov over the weekend, we raise her condition and ask that she be released immediately.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We go now to Mr. Gregory Meeks of New York, ranking member of the subcommittee on Europe.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go now to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California, chairman of the Europe, European and Emerging Threats subcommittee.    Chairman Royce. Okay, we are going to go to Mr. Gerry Connolly of Virginia.    Ambassador Nuland. Mr. Chairman, can I just quickly----    Chairman Royce. Yes, Ambassador.    Ambassador Nuland. I think it is important for the record to say that the only thing that the United States and our European partners want from Russia with regard to Ukraine is to leave Ukrainian territory. Leave Ukrainian territory with their military, with their advisers, to allow the border to close, to allow sovereignty to be restored. And as we said, these sanctions will be eased when Minsk is fully implemented. There is no effort.    What my concern is it is the policies of the Kremlin that are hurting the Russian people now. Hurting them economically. Having their sons come home in body bags. That is what I worry about. I have spent 25 years of my life trying to integrate Russia into Europe and into the international system, and I worry about the fate of Russia's citizens as much as Ukraine's.    Chairman Royce. We are going to go to Mr. Gerald Connolly of Virginia. Fairfax, Virginia.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Connolly, yes.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Connolly.    We go now to Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona, chairman of the subcommittee on Asia.    Chairman Royce. Thank the gentleman for yielding back. We now go to Brian Higgins of New York.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Mr. Randy Weber of Texas.    Chairman Royce. Mr. David Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We go now to Mr. Scott Perry of Pennsylvania.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Lois Frankel of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. Let us see, I am going to yield to the chair here, to Mr. Tom Emmer of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Would you like to--why don't you go ahead and chair this? I have a meeting that I am late for.