    Mr. Jordan. I thank the Chairman.    Professor Foley, a number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said Republicans are holding the DHS funding bill hostage. Now, Professor, we passed legislation last month that funds the Department of Homeland Security at the levels they agreed to, levels they wanted.    So in your opinion as a legal scholar, do you think we have held anything hostage, or have we done just what, constitutionally, we are supposed to do?    Mr. Jordan. Right. But we passed the bill at the levels they want. We did include language in the legislation that said we think that what the President did last November was unconstitutional. We took an oath last month when we were sworn into this Congress to uphold the Constitution. So we put language in there that said we don't think you can use taxpayer money you shouldn't use. We are not going to allow you to use American taxpayer dollars to carry out an action we think is unconstitutional.    Now, do you think believe the President's actions last November were unconstitutional, Professor Foley?    Mr. Jordan. Yes. So you think it is unconstitutional. I think it is unconstitutional. The two gentlemen to your right think it is unconstitutional. And a whole bunch of other folks on the right and the left of the political spectrum think what the President did was unconstitutional, right?    Mr. Jordan. And last week, we had a Federal judge say what the President did was unlawful, correct?    Mr. Jordan. So the fundamental question, the fundamental question here is, how can Democrats insist on making sure that they can hold the DHS bill hostage to maintain the ability to fund something so many people think is unconstitutional and a Federal judge has said is unlawful?    Don't you think, Professor Foley, that is the central question? How can Democrats insist we want a bill that allows us to fund something everybody--not everybody, but a lot of people--think is unconstitutional and a Federal judge has said is unlawful? How can they insist on that?    Mr. Jordan. But it is even worse than that, Professor Foley. They not only want to insist that they be able to fund something that is unconstitutional and a Federal judge has said is unlawful, they are not even willing to debate the issue on the floor of the United States Senate. I mean, it is one thing to make this, ``well, we think.'' Just bring it up for debate. Let us have the full debate like we are supposed to.    The Committee next-door, we invited Secretary Johnson to come in and testify at an oversight hearing just next-door, and he refused to come testify. He can go on every TV show over the weekend and talk about this, but he can't come testify and answer these fundamental questions?    So if anyone is holding it hostage, it seems to me it is the Democrats of the United States Senate. We have a bill over there funding the Department of Homeland Security at the levels the Democrats agreed to, but has language which says you can't do something that is unconstitutional and a Federal judge says is unlawful, and they refuse to even debate it.    Mr. Jordan. Yes, and the final thing I would say, Mr. Chairman, and it has been said many times, but 22 times the President had said that he couldn't do what he did. Legal scholars on the left and right have said it is unconstitutional. A Federal judge has ruled it is unlawful. We have a bill that funds DHS at the levels the Democrats agreed to and puts language in there that is consistent with the President's statements 22 times, consistent with what legal scholars across the political spectrum say, and consistent with what the Federal judge just ruled on last Tuesday. It is unbelievable to me that we cannot just pass that legislation and do what the American people want us to do.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.