    Mr. Shea. Well, thank you, Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, Chairman Smith, and the members of the Subcommittee for the opportunity to testify before you today.    I have to note these are my own personal views and not necessarily the judgments of the U.S.-China Commission though I draw heavily from the Commission's work.    Examining China's space program has never been more crucial. Over the next six years, China is poised to take major steps that will draw significant attention to its efforts in space and potentially set the stage for a larger leadership role.    Specifically, China plans to collect soil samples from the Moon and return them to Earth in 2017, send an unmanned spacecraft to land on the Moon's dark side before 2020, send a Rover to Mars in 2020, and complete a space station in 2022.    In this testimony, I want to briefly address three main points: the key characteristics of China's space program, the contributions it provides in economical, political and diplomatic terms, and the implications it presents for future U.S. leadership in space. The military aspects of China's space program are covered more fully in the Commission's report of last year.    China's climb to its current status is one of the world's top space powers as the result of decades of leadership attention and steady investment. It has also involved a significant effort to buy or otherwise obtain technologies from foreign sources, especially the United States. In particular, China's large-scale state-sponsored theft of intellectual property through cyber espionage has no doubt helped fill knowledge gaps in its space R&D.    China's space initiatives have progressed as a much slower, more deliberate and more methodical pace than those of the United States. For example, the United States achieved manned spaceflight for the first time in 1961 and the Moon landing in 1969, whereas China conducted its first manned spaceflight in 2003 and may not plan to land on the Moon until the 2030s, as revealed just this year. However, China is also pursuing multiple large-scale efforts at the same time rather than the more sequential approach taken by the United States, making it difficult to compare the two directly.    As pointed out by Chairman Smith, China does not have distinctly separate military and civilian space programs as the United States does. Rather, China's military controls the majority of the country's space assets and operations and state-owned defense conglomerates are the key actors in the commercial space sector. Thus, even apparently civilian projects such as space exploration can directly support the development of PLA, space, counter-space, and conventional capabilities. Beijing also provides little transparency regarding its intentions in space, for example, does not release detailed budget information on its space activities.    China's space program has furthered its leaders strategic ambitions. China's advancements in space, specifically its plans for a space station, lunar exploration, and Mars exploration provide domestic legitimacy and international prestige.    China's global commercial efforts in areas such as space launch services, satellite exports and satellite application technologies provide revenues and are expected by policymakers to spark spin-off developments in key economic sectors. Both space exploration and commercial activities open the door to China's participation in key international and bilateral initiatives, which I list in my written testimony.    China has sought to work with advanced space powers where possible to improve its capabilities, most notably the European Space Agency. China has seen its greatest success in marking commercial space services to developing countries, which are less likely to demand advanced technologies subject to U.S. ITAR restrictions.    China's space program has economic implications for the United States in the areas of commercial satellite and spaced launch services, downstream satellite navigation industries, and the potential for European countries and their industries to pursue non-U.S. technologies in order to reach the Chinese market. The full deployment of China's BeiDou satellite navigation system plans to provide global service by 2020, and the introduction of policies to promote its adoption in downstream industries may affect U.S. firms and these industries in the future.    On the political side, China's activities have implications for U.S. leadership and international cooperation efforts in space. If the United States has a Mars program but no space station and no lunar program in the near future while China has all three, China will be able to dictate participation in manned spaceflight as well as in scientific projects involving its space station. China has already signed agreements with the U.N. Office for Outer Space Affairs and the Russian and European space agencies regarding space station cooperation.    Although the United States is prepared to maintain its leadership in the space domain, China's highly controlled, methodical and comprehensive approach will open up opportunities for Beijing in the near term.    Despite the fact that China's accomplishments and investments in space have been far outpaced by our own, it will likely appear over the next six years that China is reaching major milestones and gaining ground. Meanwhile, the United States will be focused on longer-term exploration projects and observers will be well aware of the planned deorbiting of the International Space Station in 2024. This underscores how important it is for the United States to see through its long-term space exploration projects so this apparent disparity does not continue.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shea. It is possible. I mean, earlier this year, officials within the Chinese space program have indicated that they want to land a Chinese astronaut on the Moon in the 2030 time frame, so that is possible, yes, sir.    Mr. Shea. Well, the question reminded me of something completely different but very much related: Hollywood. If you haven't noticed, the Chinese companies are buying a lot of Hollywood. One Chinese company, Wanda Dalian, owns what may be the largest or second largest theater chain, AMC, in the United States, and they are aggressively pursuing other Hollywood acquisitions, so this relates to the public perception. I think of--and there's pressure within Hollywood to portray China in a benevolent manner, to portray in a very positive manner in order to have access to the Chinese market, and I'm thinking of two movies that are space-related, American movies, like The Martian, where the Chinese come in at the end and----    Mr. Shea. --save the day, and the China National Space Administration is viewed as a civilian, genteel, you know, organization. I'm also thinking of gravity where--the movie where the Chinese space station helps Sandra Bullock get back to Earth, but also portrays the Russians as creating the largest space debris that put the Americans at risk rather than the fact that, as alluded to, the Chinese created the largest space debris with their antisatellite test in 2007. So I am--this is linking Hollywood with the space program, and I think we could see more of that.    Mr. Shea. I think that's a fair summary. I think over the next six years you'll see a lot of activity by China--Moon missions, sending a rover to Mars, completing a space station--while at the same time we won't see similar activity by the United States, and we'll see the deorbiting of the ISS scheduled for 2024. So within this window of time, I think you'll see that the public perception may very well be that the Chinese are gaining ground, significant ground, on the United States while the United States is standing still.    Mr. Shea. Well, I agree with what Mr. Cheng and Dr. Lewis have said in terms of the diplomatic and geopolitical implications but also their economic implications. There's been a lot of technology and economic growth generated from a successful space program, and we need to keep those benefits here in the United States.    Mr. Shea. Not--it doesn't represent a threat, not at the high end, but there is--one of our recommendations last year was to look at the ITAR regulations to see whether they're overly restrictive and China would have access to technologies that are otherwise restricted by ITAR through non-U.S. sources so that's one thing we recommended last year.    But China's satellite launch services and satellite business is really for now at least directed at developing countries that don't necessarily need the best technology but need a cheap solution or cheaper solution. So right now that's where the Chinese are focusing their efforts. But they want to compete. When we went to Beijing last year, we met with the Great Wall Industry Corporation, which performs--state-led performs their satellite launch services for international customers, and they're very negative about the ITAR restrictions, not surprisingly, but they want to have greater access to the market.    Mr. Shea. Well, I'll answer, Congresswoman, your second question first. I agree that we need to be very skeptical with cooperative efforts with China. It has been well documented they've engaged in a large-scale cyber and other types of espionage directed at the United States. Their space program is predominantly a military program as we've outlined in our report. They're heavily engaged in counter-space activities such as antisatellite, kinetic antisatellite missiles, co-orbital antisatellite systems like robotic arms that could grab satellites. They know that the United States is heavily dependent on space for its projection of military power so they are, you know, engaged in a very robust counter-space program to deter us from taking action or to attack our satellites in the eventuality of a conflict.    So, you know, I think it would be--you know, your first question, the broader answer, I think it would be an absolute shame--I don't see it happening but I think it would be an absolute shame if the United States somehow were behind China technologically because of all the political implication--in space because of the political implications of that, because of the economic implications of that for our own country, so I don't see it happening, as I said in my testimony. I think over the next six years people might perceive the Chinese as gaining significant ground, which just reinforces the need for the United States to keep its eye on the ball and to have a very strong and robust space program.    Mr. Shea. I think that's a fair point, Congressman. I think the Chinese, it's my understanding that if they fulfill their goal of landing an unmanned spacecraft on the Moon's dark side before 2020, they'll be the first country to have done that. So you're right, they may be seeking smaller niche goals, maybe not the big-picture goals but to proceed with a domestic audience seeking goals that have maybe not as powerful but goals nonetheless.    Mr. Shea. You know, in our report, I think in my testimony as well, we outlined--the Wolf restriction doesn't prohibit all sorts of interactions between Chinese scientists and U.S. scientists so there are some interactions that are not covered by the Wolf law. We do cooperate in collision avoidance. My colleagues could correct me. There's debris. U.S. space operators inform their counterparts in China when debris is getting near a Chinese satellite or other--so we do cooperate in that sense.    You raised the Russians. I mean, one thing I would be looking at is increased China-Russian cooperation. We see that here on planet Earth, China and Russia engaged in joint naval exercises in the South China Sea recently, so I could see China-Russia cooperation on joint rocket engine development, maybe Russian participation in the Chinese Tiangong-2, Chinese space station, going forward. So I'd keep an eye on that well.    Mr. Shea. Well, China is using space--I think Mr. Cheng mentioned this earlier. China is using space as part of a broader relationship with countries, less-developed countries. With Pakistan, it provides space assistance but it's tied into this China-Pakistan economic corridor which is on the ground. China is building out something called One Belt, One Road initiative, and it intends to provide BeiDou coverage to most One Belt, One Road countries by 2018. So space is a component of a broader foreign policy diplomatic outreach to less-developed countries.