    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses here today. Mr. Sopko, good to see you again.    I have got a couple of quick questions. Any of our panel members, have you been dealing at all with the Kunduz situation where we accidentally attacked that hospital in a firefight?    Mr. Lynch. Yes. So here is what I am worrying about. This is just the interplay between hospital construction and we are doing a bit of that. You know, the chairman and I have been to Afghanistan way too many times, and oftentimes, the hospitals look like every other building not only in Kabul but, you know, Kandahar and in Kunduz. And I was wondering, as we are doing this, it is not really reconstruction. We are doing construction. It says Afghan rebuilding or reconstruction, but in many cases there is nothing to reconstruct; we are constructing.    And I am just wondering on the hospital construction piece, are we building in structural components that would clearly identify those as hospitals so we don't have that accident happen again? I realize that we have very unreliable power sources, so lighting and things like that that would be obvious to us in the United States, they don't have those resources there on a consistent basis. But it at least appears among some of the reports that the hospital was indistinguishable. I know the coordinates were provided, but visibly, visually I guess the hospital was indistinguishable from some of the adjacent buildings, and I am just wondering if we are curing that defect within our protocol for hospital construction.    Mr. Lynch. Yes, I am not talking about that one. I am talking about we are doing a bunch of other hospitals, and so, obviously, that opportunity presents itself with every hospital. And I am just wondering--and we have got a bunch of them in the report today, a bunch of hospital and clinic reconstruction. Are we distinguishing these buildings from other buildings so this doesn't happen again? That is all I am asking.    Mr. Lynch. I know in Iraq, you know, your counterpart Mr. Sopko had, you know, the Red Cross or the Red Crescent on the roof of these, the helipads, things like that, that clearly identified the buildings were hospitals, and I am just wondering ----    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Sopko.--some were in Turkmenistan and elsewhere. I think you're onto a good point. I can't tell you about any ----    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Mr. Sopko.--crescent signals, but you need good geospatial coordinates.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. I just spent 4 minutes on my quick question, so let me just jump on the fact that these contractors are being paid in full, in the United States, of course, we have a different format where we get a performance bond and we hold that back, and if they don't perform properly, we cash in on that bond. We also do retention, 10 percent of the contract price. They don't get that until we go in there and reaffirm at the end that they have performed their contract. Are we doing any of that?    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. That is ----    Mr. Lynch. All right. Thank you very much. I see my time has expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lynch. I thank the gentlelady for yielding. I appreciate that.    Mr. Sopko, I want to talk about Afghan defense force training. There are a lot of reports both in the press and from your office that the reliability of the data that we are getting from the Afghan Government relative to the amount of security forces they have on hand, especially in Helmand and Kandahar Provinces are not reliable. There is one report that says that up to 40 percent of the people we are paying in the Afghan defense forces are ghost employees; they do not exist. And so the commanders on the ground there are basically taking that money for themselves. There aren't really people there to be paid. And I just wonder if your own investigation supports that premise.    Mr. Lynch. Now, Ms. Abizaid, do you have anything on that?    Mr. Lynch. Let me just ----    Ms. Abizaid.--we are ----    Mr. Lynch. Let me just suggest something.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. We don't have to count every single soldier, but, look, just take a unit down in Helmand Province or in Kandahar or Nangarhar, whatever we want to do, and just do some samples. We have got payroll requests, and, you are right, we don't have the resources anymore to do this, you know, full-spectrum analysis of what they are doing, but you can certainly pick two or three units where we are getting requests for funding and then fly in there on payday and see who picks up their checks, who is picking up their pay. And all you need to do is do two or three of those and we will have a good sample of what is going on and we might nip that in the bud if they know we are going to do that on occasion.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Mr. Sopko, what do you think we should look at? Members of Congress will be going over to Afghanistan fairly soon. Any areas that you think we should look at more closely while we are there?    Mr. Lynch. And so do we. I have to give the chairman great credit. We get outside the wire every time we go.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Sopko.--that you'll find in the embassy.    And the other thing is, Congressman, I've been going there now 4 years. Every time I go, I'm told we're winning and every time I go I can see less of the country.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Sopko.--at the cost of $60,000. Now, if that's winning, what is losing ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Sopko.--in Afghanistan?    Mr. Lynch. Well, I would just in closing that if they are advising you not to drive from the airport the embassy, you should not drive. We have done that drive many times. That is not a good situation, so you continue to fly, sir. Thank you. I yield back.