    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator Leonhart, if an agent Stateside were soliciting a prostitute that was provided by a drug conspiracy he was investigating, what would--punishment would you recommend?    Mr. Gowdy. So you're telling me nobody cares what the administrator of the DEA thinks should happen to an agent?    Mr. Gowdy. You're powerless to express your opinion? You have no First Amendment right when it comes to who works for your agency?    Mr. Gowdy. What was your opinion? What did you express? What did you think the proper sanction was?    Mr. Gowdy. My question must have been ambiguous because I wasn't talking about future conduct. I was talking about past conduct.    What punishment did you recommend for conduct that happened in the past?    Mr. Gowdy. What does it take to get--what would it--hypothetically, what would it take to get fired as a DEA agent? Because the agents I used to work with were worried about using their car to go pick up dry cleaning. They were actually worried about using their OGF, OGV to pick up dry cleaning. They were worried about being disciplined. Apparently, that world has changed.    Do you know whether any of the prostitutes were underage?    Mr. Gowdy. Would that impact whatever recommendation you might have in terms of a sanction?    Mr. Gowdy. How about security clearance, do you have any impact over that, whether or not an agent has a security clearance?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I----    Mr. Gowdy. Honestly, what power do you have? You have to work with agents over whom you can't discipline and have no control and you have no control over the security clearance, what the hell do you get to do?    Mr. Gowdy. Inspector General Horowitz, I find that stunning. Let me ask you this: Did the agents know that the cartels were providing the prostitutes?    Mr. Gowdy. Were they supposed to be investigating these cartels?    Mr. Gowdy. So they are receiving prostitutes from cartels that they are supposed to be investigating and she can't fire those agents? Do you agree with her, she can't fire them?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, Mr. Chairman, I don't know what would need to be done. But I, like my friend from South Carolina, find it stunning that you can solicit prostitutes--Administrator Leonhart, do we know whether any of the prostitutes were underage? Do we know whether any of them were part of any human trafficking rings?    Mr. Gowdy. Mr. Chairman, I would just find it impossible to explain to any reasonable-minded person how an agent cannot be disciplined for soliciting prostitutes from drug cartels that they were ostensibly investigating. I find that stunning.