    Mr. Woodall . The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Nevada, Ms. Titus.    Mr. Woodall. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Sanford.    Mr. Woodall. Thank you for yielding back that second, Mr. Sanford. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Larsen.    Mr. Woodall. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Davis.    Mr. Woodall. The gentleman yields back. I recognize myself for just a few moments.    Mr. Whitaker, you talked about the difference between going after folks with serious penalties when they did not learn their lesson, versus trying to train folks up. I am thinking about the number of incursions on restricted airspace by licensed pilots, by trained pilots, by pilots flying planes with transponders. I see those incursions in restricted airspace listed in the thousands. Do you happen to know how many of those folks have faced serious penalties, versus just trying to be trained up?    Mr. Woodall. That is right.    Mr. Woodall. I am told the maximum financial penalty for one of those restricted airspace incursions is $1,100. I think Mr. Mica from Florida has legislation to increase that to $100,000. But I just want to contrast that for a moment with what we are talking about with unmanned vehicles today.    Captain, you are one of my bosses, so I take you at your word when you tell me how we can solve problems. But I have heard a lot about adding technology to these $55 drones to keep them out of restricted airspace, yet no one is making that same suggestion for $50,000, $100,000, $150,000 manned aircraft.    Is the importance of keeping folks out of restricted airspace such that, before we start talking about adding technology to $55 drones we should be adding it to $55,000 aircraft?    Mr. Woodall. Having that reporting database might be the more powerful, as a dictator of behavior, than having some of these technological restrictions across the board.    Mr. Woodall. Doctor, you suggested that--in response to one of my colleague's questions--that one of the easy answers would be an altitude restriction. My guess is we are either going to have to change the strength of the transmitter, or put an altimeter in every unmanned aircraft to make that effective.    Is that what you had in mind, a technology solution to create an altitude restriction, not just a rule that then would be left up to individuals about whether they abided by it or not?    Mr. Woodall. Well, that was, in fact, the very first line of the captain's written testimony, is this is obviously an industry that has great benefit potential for America, for quality of life, for safety of pilots, and how can we come together on that.    I will close with this, then. I would ask each one of you. In the context of terrorism, I can tell you there are an unlimited number of folks who want to do us harm. I am sorry, an unlimited number of ways to do us harm, but a limited number of folks who want to do it. In this area that we are talking about today, unlimited number of ways that accidents can happen by untrained personnel, a limited number of folks who really are out there, day in and day out, to violate the rules, as the FAA has indicated just this week.    Is that the challenge, Doctor, not to find a one-size-fits-all aircraft solution, but to go after those folks who would intentionally violate the--whether it be industry standards or Federal regulatory standards?    Mr. Woodall. Mr. Hanson, should we be focused on the naive users or the bad actors?    Mr. Woodall. I thank you. If there are no further questions, then I thank all of the witnesses for their testimony and their indulgence today, and the committee stands adjourned.