    Chairman Duffy. The Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee will come to order.    The title of today's subcommittee hearing is, ``The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's Role in Operation Choke Point.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Also, without objection, members of the full Financial Services Committee who are not members of this subcommittee may participate in today's hearing for the purpose of making an opening statement and questioning the witness, FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    Thank you for being here, Chairman Gruenberg. I want to thank you for your willingness and commitment to working with this subcommittee. Both you and your staff have been very responsive to our requests, releasing documents to us and making your staff available for questioning throughout the past week.    I was, however, very surprised and troubled to learn that the White House doesn't share the same confidence in our mutual cooperation. As you know, we asked three members of your staff to voluntarily meet with both Majority and Minority committee staff for interviews and they all complied voluntarily.    Before one of the interviews, however, I understand there was a telephone conversation between the White House and the FDIC General Counsel in which concerns were raised over the former Acting General Counsel's voluntary participation in the oversight process. To his credit, the FDIC former Acting General Counsel, nonetheless, appeared as scheduled and met with committee staff. Kudos to him.    I hope that this afternoon you will not be deterred by the White House's interference, instead continuing to be forthcoming when answering our questions about how your agency is working to repair the business relationships that have been destroyed and damaged since the FDIC's so-called high-risk list was released several years ago.    As many Members know, this is the subcommittee's second hearing on the topic of Operation Choke Point, and the second hearing where representatives from the FDIC have appeared to discuss their role in it.    Since then, most of the staff that we have spoken to at the FDIC, including you, Chairman Gruenberg, have contended that you have not participated with the DOJ in Operation Choke Point, nor is the FDIC taking part in any way in Operation Choke Point. I imagine that will also be in your testimony today.    But Members have heard from too many of our constituents that even if the FDIC isn't calling it Operation Choke Point, examiners within the FDIC are making morally-based directives on what is legal and law-abiding for businesses as they find banking partners.    Using the term ``reputational risk,'' they are warning banks that if they do business with gun dealers, short-term lenders, payday lenders, ammunition manufacturers, smoke shops, and other legal businesses, they will meet the wrath of the FDIC. And if you disagree, Mr. Chairman, we have emails and memos from the FDIC to prove it. Their purpose is to choke off the business they don't like from the banking system.    I asked you to testify today, Chairman Gruenberg, because I want to know where you got the target list from several years ago. And, like the IRS, I fear that activists at the DOJ and the FDIC are abusing their power and authority and are going after legal businesses and, in effect, they are weaponizing government to meet their ideological beliefs. I hope that today, Chairman Gruenberg, you can convince us that is not the case.    With that, I now yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green from North Carolina, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Fitzpatrick, for 1 minute.    Chairman Duffy. The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for an opening statement of 1 minute.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    We now welcome our witness, the Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Chairman Gruenberg. Mr. Gruenberg was sworn in as the 20th Chairman of the FDIC on November 15, 2012, for a 5-year term.    Since August 2005, Mr. Gruenberg has served as Vice Chairman and Member of the FDIC Board of Directors. Additionally, he served as Acting Chairman twice, once from November 2005 to June 2006, and again from July 2011 to November 2012.    Mr. Gruenberg holds a law degree from Case Western Reserve Law School and an A.B. degree from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.    The witness will now be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of his testimony. And, without objection, the witness' written statement will be made a part of the record.    Once the witness has finished presenting his testimony, each member of the subcommittee will have 5 minutes within which to ask their questions. And without objection and by previous agreement with the ranking member, the ranking member and I will each have 15 minutes of questioning at the end of the first round, as per agreement of the parties.    I want to remind the witness that while you will not be placed under oath today, your testimony is subject to 18 USC Section 1001, which makes it a crime to knowingly give false statements in proceedings such as this one. You are specifically advised that knowingly providing a false statement to this subcommittee or knowingly concealing material information from this subcommittee is a crime.    On your table there are three lights: green means go; yellow means you are running out of time; and red means stop. The microphone is sensitive, Chairman Gruenberg, so please make sure you are speaking directly into it.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Chairman Gruenberg.    The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Fitzpatrick, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Fincher, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Heck, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Vargas, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back. Thank you, Mr. Vargas.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman not from North Carolina but from Texas, Mr. Green.    Chairman Duffy. For 10 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes himself for 15 minutes.    So, Chairman Gruenberg, I want to be clear on your testimony. The FDIC, by way of its list that came out in Supervisory Insights, this was not a target list by the FDIC; that is correct, right?    Chairman Duffy. Yes or no? You are the Acting Chairman. This is not a target list.    Chairman Duffy. So, this is not a target list then, for your testimony?    Chairman Duffy. This is not a target list?    Chairman Duffy. Okay. And your testimony is that at no point during your chairmanship has this list been used to target these groups that are enumerated on the list, right?    Chairman Duffy. Not consistent with your policy. What has been the practice of the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. How prevalent are those instances where the practice of the FDIC hasn't been followed?    Chairman Duffy. You are the chairman, right?    Chairman Duffy. Have you been looking into this yourself?    Chairman Duffy. That is not my question. Did you look into it yourself?    Chairman Duffy. Have you looked into the abuses of people who haven't followed your policy at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Have you--    Chairman Duffy. Yes or no?    Chairman Duffy. Yes. The answer is no, right, you have not looked into it?    Chairman Duffy. What have you found?    Chairman Duffy. I am trying to get an answer.    Chairman Duffy. How long have you been looking at the facts?    Chairman Duffy. No, no, no, no, no. You gave information to the Oversight Committee.    Chairman Duffy. You had that information. You have known for 2 years that this was going on. What have you done in the last 2 years to address Operation Choke Point or the targeting of these businesses?    Chairman Duffy. You have given new guidance, right. So let's--you were asked from some of my colleagues about a letter that came out from Anthony Lowe, and in there--this was February 15, 2013, and I am not going to read the full egregious paragraph, but just the end it says, ``Consequently, we have generally found that activities related to payday lending are unacceptable for an insured depository institution.'' Now, is Mr. Lowe still employed at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Yes, he is. And is he still in the same position, as Regional Director?    Chairman Duffy. And is it part of your policy now that if you have an issue with one of your banks, you should go to the Regional Director Mr. Lowe? Yes?    Chairman Duffy. Yes. Do you think a bank is going to feel comfortable having an examiner that is going after them for payday lending to go to Mr. Lowe who is targeting payday lending?    Chairman Duffy. That is your big answer to targeting payday lenders?    Chairman Duffy. I don't care about--    Chairman Duffy. Is the Inspector General the Chairman of the FDIC or is it Martin Gruenberg? The buck stops with you, Mr. Gruenberg.    Chairman Duffy. So, you have these facts, this letter, and you have done nothing, right?    Chairman Duffy. So, what you have done is, in the last 2 years you have waited for the Oversight Committee to do a report, then you asked for an IG investigation. So this is classic slow walking. He is still in this position. And we will get to, I think, what the truth is behind what is happening here.    I want to go through just a few more documents to make sure we are on the same page and how prevalent this work at the FDIC is. Thomas Dujenski--I am saying his last name wrong. He no longer works at the FDIC, right?    Chairman Duffy. Was he fired or did he leave on his own accord?    Chairman Duffy. He retired, he wasn't fired. Here is an email from February 7th: ``I am pleased we are getting the banks out of the payday bad practice,'' et cetera. ``Another bank is griping, but we are doing good things for them. For example, the redacted bank, is going the hate DOJ being involved. We are doing the right thing for sure. One or two banks may complain next week when the Florida bankers come to D.C. as a group.''    So we have old Thomas, we see how he feels about payday lending, but he retired, wasn't penalized at all. Thomas again says that he literally can't stand payday lending. That was in an email on November 26th. Let's see, we now have Seth Rosebrock: ``Jonathan, heard where you are coming from, but nonetheless, wants to retain a reference to pornography in our letters and slash talking points. He thinks it is important for Congress to get a good picture regarding the unsavory nature of the business at issue. He represented that one is judged by the friends one keeps, and he seems to feel strongly that including payday lenders in the same circle as pornographers and online lenders and gaming businesses will ultimately help get the message at issue.'' Have you seen this email?    Chairman Duffy. Would that disturb you?    Chairman Duffy. Was Seth reprimanded?    Chairman Duffy. Is Seth still employed at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Jonathan.    Chairman Duffy. Is Jonathan still employed at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Have you done anything to--has he been reprimanded by you, the Chairman?    Chairman Duffy. No?    Chairman Duffy. These are pretty--and he is still in the same position. He hasn't been demoted, right?    Chairman Duffy. Dana Lesemann, she says that although payday lending is a particularly ugly practice--and it goes on, but I am sure Dana is still employed and not been reprimanded. Here is one. Do you know an individual by the name of Mark Pearce?    Chairman Duffy. High ranking at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Okay. This was from Marguerite, and I always have a hard time with Marguerite's last name. You know Marguerite, correct, though?    Chairman Duffy. Yes. Marguerite says, ``Second, at the request of Mark Pearce, we are looking into the avenues by which the FDIC can potentially prevent our banks from facilitating payday lending.''    Mark Pearce, we are looking into avenues by which the FDIC can potentially prevent our banks from facilitating payday lending. Chairman Gruenberg, Mark Pearce is at almost the top of the pyramid. Is he still employed at the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. Has he been reprimanded by you?    Chairman Duffy. Waiting for--    Chairman Duffy. This was sent in 2013. This was 2 years ago. I am not going to go through all of the emails, but I would argue that if I were you, the Chairman, and I actually agreed with the targeting of payday lending, I would say, you know what, I am going to slow walk it. I am not going to do anything, and what I am going to do is I am going to hang my hat on the fact that an OGR report came out with all my documents, and then I am going to look for an IG investigation, and I can slow walk this thing, and all the while payday lenders across the country that are legal businesses, right, they are legal? Yes or no, payday lending is legal?    Chairman Duffy. They follow the law.    Chairman Duffy. They follow the law, they are legal.    Chairman Duffy. Are gun dealers, if they follow the law, legal?    Chairman Duffy. Are ammunition manufacturers, if they follow the law, legal?    Chairman Duffy. So you haven't--the people that I have mentioned, you haven't fired any of them, right?    Chairman Duffy. I want you to look behind you. On the second row I have a number of people from all across the country, gun dealers, ammunition manufacturers, payday lenders, who have been targeted by your people at the FDIC, and guess what, they are going out of business. Do you want to look at them?    Chairman Duffy. Did you see them on the way in?    Chairman Duffy. And what response do you have to them, when these small business owners, who invested their life savings, who have worked their hearts out, and all of a sudden they can't find a bank to bank them because you say, not by way of the FDIC official policy, but all my top level people, they have targeted their sectors, they can't find banks, and they are going out of business, what do you say to them?    Chairman Duffy. Well--    Chairman Duffy. Go ahead.    Chairman Duffy. So, what you say is, yes, I knew 3 years ago, and I am just going to act now with an IG investigation after the OGR report. And these people are still going to collect fat salaries in their cushy positions, but the small business owners behind you, they are all going to be out of work, no job for them, and you call that fair.    I don't, Mr. Gruenberg. I think you are the Chairman, and I think, if I recall in your introduction, did you go to Princeton?    Chairman Duffy. You are a very intelligent guy. And I am sure that if you wanted to hold accountable those who were bad actors in the FDIC, you would. I don't think you want to hold them accountable.    Let's just talk a little bit further about what the FDIC has been doing with regard to its policies. From Thomas Dujenski, August 1, 2013, this is a consent order. So, we talk about payday lending. By chance, did you ever look through some of these consent orders that were sent to our committee?    Chairman Duffy. We redacted the bank, but it is a consent order, and in regard to the consent order, official document, not an email, the prohibited businesses--and do you know what the definition of ``prohibited'' is?    Chairman Duffy. No, the definition of ``to prohibit.''    Chairman Duffy. What is the definition? Do you know?    Chairman Duffy. Okay. Well, prohibited businesses, ammunition sales, and firearm sales. This is in a consent order with a bank. So, this is the official policy of the FDIC?    Chairman Duffy. I will send it down if you want, but it is--you sent it to me.    Chairman Duffy. So, what do you say about a consent order for a bank that says you can't do business, it is prohibited with ammunition manufacturers and gun dealers?    Chairman Duffy. I will send it down in a moment. I have another one. I have a commercial lending policy dated March 14, 2012, undesirable loans. Undesirable loans. Guess what is on that list? Undesirable loans include firearm dealers, and you wonder and scratch your head, why are firearm dealers around America going out of business? Because the FDIC is targeting banks and saying you can't do business with them.    Let's try one more. Anthony Lowe, who is still employed at the FDIC, right? This is a memorandum of understanding on April 2, 2014. When did you order your directive to stop targeting folks and make sure everyone at the FDIC was clear that this was not a target list? When was that sent out?    Chairman Duffy. So in September of 2013, you were clear that you are not supposed to target these whole lines--these whole businesses, right?    Chairman Duffy. Sure.    Chairman Duffy. And Mr. Lowe did a memorandum of understanding, and on that list, he has prohibited acts and services, and on there is payday lenders. How could that be? That is after you gave the guidance.    Chairman Duffy. You don't trust me. You gave them to me. They are your documents.    Chairman Duffy. We have 2 minutes. Do you want me to send them down to you so you can look at them?    Chairman Duffy. I don't think there is an explanation for it. I would say you would be hard pressed, even with a Princeton education, that you have consent orders and memos of understanding that say you can't do business with ammunition manufacturers, gun dealers, and payday lenders. These are the official documents of the FDIC going out to banks.    And I have an email chain showing that you are targeting payday lenders and ammunition manufacturers. You are abusing your power. You are going after little guys all over America because, I would say, Mr. Gruenberg, you are a good liberal. You say, I don't like these industries and I am going to use, just like Lois Lerner, the power that I have at the FDIC to target these industries, and I am going to put them out of business. And I am not going to have a public debate because people like the Second Amendment and they like their guns. I am going to do it behind closed doors under the cover of darkness and put these folks out of business as a bureaucrat and as an activist instead of saying, you know what, I am going to come clean and have a public debate.    The bottom line is you are putting people out of business. And all the people, in the end, in the FDIC who are implementing this program, they still work there. They haven't been fired. They haven't been reprimanded. And you are the Chairman. And frankly, I will tell you what, if you are not going to hold them accountable, I think the buck stops with you. I don't think you should chair the FDIC.    If you can't go after and root out the problems in the FDIC, if you can't hold accountable those who are targeting legal businesses, you have no place as the Chairman. That you have known for 2 years that this is going on. That you wait until we make public the documents that you gave us, and then you do an OGR report, or an IG investigation and you say, you know what, after I get those results, I am going to take action. All the while, Americans are getting targeted, and frankly, I think irresponsible, and if you are not going to handle it, I don't think you should keep your position. Do you want to respond?    Chairman Duffy. These people have no place in the government.    Chairman Duffy. I am going to yield in a second. These folks have no place in government. And if you allow them to stay, you have no place in government. With that, my time has expired.    With that, I see that the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, has arrived. We will recognize him for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. I appreciate the ranking member's reasonableness. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Hill for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes for the last 5 minutes, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, and I appreciate his cooperation and help in navigating Members as they come in.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you. The ranking member yields back. I would like to thank our witness again for testifying today in front of our subcommittee.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place his responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And without objection, this hearing is now adjourned.