    Mr. Hunter. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And it is really a pleasure to be back here at the committee where I spent so much time learning from members like yourself, some of whom are still here and some of whom have departed the Congress. But it is a pleasure to be back.    And I commend the committee for its focus on acquisition reform, which is, I know, a focus of longstanding, but remains a very important focus, and obviously one that brings you into alignment, as you mentioned, with the leadership of the Senate Armed Services Committee and with the leadership of the Department of Defense.    And I do believe there is a golden opportunity here with this meeting of the minds or alignment of focus to make some real progress. And certainly at CSIS this has been a focus for us as well, so it is something that we share.    The focus today is on ``faster.'' I want to briefly mention the fact that acquisition is about balancing priorities. And so the old saw, ``Faster, better, cheaper: Pick any two,'' is something that I just want to start and mention that in picking ``faster'' you have to be willing to sacrifice at least one of the other two. And when I say ``sacrifice,'' I mean deemphasize or make a lower priority. And so if you are going ``faster,'' then either ``better'' or ``cheaper'' has to sort of be willing to give a bit in order to achieve a significantly faster outcome.    Now, of course, when I say ``sacrifice,'' when I mean ``better,'' better meaning not necessarily the highest end of capabilities. If you have a really old system, the new system you are buying is almost certainly going to be better than the one you are replacing, but it may not be the state of the art of the most latest technology. And these priorities shift over time.    And in the Cold War, in most cases, ``better'' was often the priority. I use in my written testimony the example of the B-2, which was innovative in almost every way as it was built and conceived and constructed, and that meant that it was expensive. And there was a major schedule delay in that program particularly because they changed the requirements in the middle of the development. And that was a choice that was made because ``better'' was what mattered then.    In the most recent time period, with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, ``faster'' has certainly been a priority. In my time at the Department of Defense, part of which was as director of the Joint Rapid Acquisition Cell, was really all about moving faster. And the Department achieved quite a bit of success in that, and I will get into that, because I think that is something that there are lessons learned that we need to take away from that.    But I do want to mention that in the time that we are in today, ``faster'' is not the only priority. We have an erosion of U.S. technical superiority that has been taking place over a number of years for a number of reasons, and we explored what some of those reasons are, in a CSIS report released over the summer.    And that is a case where we do need to be fielding at least some systems that are in the ``better'' category, where ``better'' is a priority so that we can maintain a technological advantage, which is part of our strategy. And also with the budget crisis that is currently being dealt with in the Congress, and maybe there is hopefully some progress being made there, ``cheaper'' has to be a priority for some systems. So your system has to be able to focus on different priorities for different systems at the same time.    Within my time as director of the Joint Rapid Acquisition Cell, we tried to capture the lessons learned from rapid acquisition. This was something that really spun up at the Department of Defense in the 2005 timeframe. And I came in, in 2013 as director of the Joint Rapid Acquisition Cell when we were trying to capture the lessons learned and trying to institutionalize those lessons. And Secretary Gates in his testimony last week made reference to the desire to institutionalize those lessons.    And I would draw your attention to the article in Foreign Affairs Magazine that Dr. Carter published in 2013 which goes into the lessons that he took away and how he tried to institutionalize those. And I would ask, if you are willing, that that might be made part of the record for this hearing, that article.    Mr. Hunter. The keys that we identified at that time, the first is flexible funding. By and large, when you are working through the Department's regular budget process, it takes 2 years to get money to start. So that is an immediate 2-year delay in the system. Now, there are certain ways around that, but they are cumbersome and they are difficult, and they make it hard to move fast.    And the Congress was very generous during the war period of establishing flexible funds like the MRAP Transfer Funds and the Joint IED Defeat Fund, but those funds are really going away. And so exploring how to extend flexible financial support for programs that need to move fast is definitely an area of focus.    Second big area was getting the senior leadership of the Department involved and shortening the lines of authority, and that was really what was called the Warfighter Senior Integration Group that the Department did during the war years, and I think that is an excellent model for programs that matter to move fast. And that model is being somewhat echoed in the Long Range Strike Bomber program the Air Force is about to initiate with the way that they manage their Rapid Capabilities Office.    And then the third priority is basically continuous communication between the acquisition community and the operational community about requirements, about testing, about what is acceptable, and about what the art of the possible is with technology, and whether that is acceptable to the warfighter. Those three lessons are very much applicable to rapid acquisition, but they are applicable more broadly.    And the last thing I want to leave you with is the idea of adaptable systems. If we are always trying to figure everything out for the next 30 years today and plan that all in, that is a real challenge. That is slow. That is just an inherently slow process.    And so focusing on adaptable systems that can evolve over time where you don't have to have the full answer right when you start is a good way. And I would use the Predator system as an example of how that has actually happened in practice. And that system has evolved in a revolutionary way over time, and that is, I think, an example to say.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Dr. Chu, welcome back to the committee.    Mr. Hunter. Well, I would say it can be a root cause and that does happen. And the example that jumped into my mind as you were laying that out is the example of the F-35 helmet, which I would say was not mature technology in the early 2000s when the program went through milestone B and the investment decision was made and the decision to take that approach was made, but which is now actually working.    And so some 15 years later it is there but it probably wasn't there when we made the decision. So it does happen. It is a cause. It is not the only root cause but it is a cause. One note I would make about that and something they did there that actually was a good idea, although I think it was belated, is they had an off ramp and they had a second helmet that they could have gone with if the original helmet didn't work. And that, I think, is a good practice.    There are times when you want to reach a little bit, as I mentioned when ``better'' is the priority. It is not clear that on F-35 that was really the intent, but where it is a priority you may want to reach. But what you can do is have off ramps, so that if you are not able to invent the thing you were trying to invent, you still have a workable system and it still meets your threshold requirements.    And I also think, you know, as I mentioned this idea of adaptable systems to where you may be trying to invent something, but again, you don't put it in the baseline design. It is in a later block. It can be a way when you are trying to reach for new and innovative technology.    The Chairman. Dr. Chu.    Mr. Hunter. Yes. I would say if you step back and take the total aerial view, on the whole I would say the industrial base is actually still pretty healthy today. Where I get concerned is where that defense industrial base becomes very much divorced from the commercial side. And an example I would give is shipbuilding, right. The commercial shipbuilding industry in this country is gone essentially. There is a little sliver of it left out in California, but by and large it is gone.    And so all of the shipbuilding, all of the expense, all of the overhead of what is an expensive industry is carried by the Department of Defense. And that is why the Navy works so assiduously to try and take care of that industrial base which is certainly an excellent thing that the Navy does. On the aviation side, it has been much more tightly integrated both in terms of airframes and engines.    Now, that may also be starting to separate a bit, and so I do have some concerns that if the aviation side of the industrial base goes in the direction that shipbuilding has gone and we get this separation between the commercial aviation industrial base and the defense aviation industrial base, that could have real consequences. The decision by the United Technologies to sell Sikorsky does raise some concerns in that area. And that was not because the business was going away; it was more a decision about profitability. But that is a concern.    Mr. Hunter. I would agree with that largely. I think that--and the essential point that--with the Army not having recovered from Future Combat System , I think the issue is that they don't have a consensus vision within the Army of what the next Army should look like. You know, the 1980s, they had the Big Five and that was a pretty consensus vision. And because there were five of them and within that there were a number of subsystems, it essentially--every part of the Army was winning or was getting something out of that approach. And since the collapse of FCS, there has been no similar vision for how to move forward.    Mr. Hunter. I would say Crusader is an example of a case where there was a vision but it was not an affordable vision. And so that is another obviously possible failure mode is you can have a great vision but it tends, you know----    Mr. Hunter. Well, where I see the strength of having the service chiefs more involved is their ability to bring all the elements of the game together, budgets, requirements, and acquisition. And I think there is a lot of power in that. And they are at the top of those pyramids. And so I think that is the real strength that they have to offer. They by and large don't bring to the table a lot of technical expertise to address some of these technical issues because that is not their training. It is not expected that they should have that. So I think on terms of the enlisted side, to the extent that the senior leadership there can, again, help to bring the aspects of the system together, that is a good thing.    Mr. Hunter. I would just say, my point about financial flexibility is exactly aimed at what you are talking about, which is the tendency within the system to shut down innovative financial approach because of scoring issues or legal issues or other impediments that have been brought in over the years, usually because of a bad case that happened somewhere in time and then we foreclosed an entire range of options. And multiyear funding is certainly an aspect of that, acquiring material through services is something that can be very powerful but is very hard to do in the current system.    Mr. Hunter. Can I just add one thing to that? And I agree with what Paul has said, but there still needs to be path for that S&T to get into the arsenal. And that is where I would again mention this idea of adaptable systems, so when you do prove something out in the S&T or early stage R&D, you need a way to host it on a platform that the warfighter actually uses, so you have to make that connection.    Mr. Hunter. I try to address this in my testimony. I talked about the importance of senior leadership and shortening the lines of authority for acquisition. And the model that I would offer is what we used for rapid acquisition was the Warfighter Senior Integration Group. And if you could picture it, a giant room, tons of people around a table. You have got the acquisition folks there. You have got the logistics and sustainment folks there. You have got the operators in theatre coming in through VTC who are actually setting the requirements, are going to use the equipment.    Everyone around the table, with the Deputy Secretary of Defense there, and the question is not a debate about should we or shouldn't we. We are going to do it. That is the bottom line. And everyone who has a role in the system is there, and a decision is made. The Deputy Secretary says, here is how we are going to do it. Everyone go out. These are the marching orders.    Mr. Hunter. I would say for programs where faster is your priority, you can make that similar construct work. I believe that will be the case for the LRSB program because you have this Rapid Capabilities Office in the Air Force that already works this way. It has a board of directors, very similar to what we had at the Warfighter Senior Integration Group.    Where you have instead of 50 layers between the person in charge, Deputy Secretary of Defense or in this case Secretary of the Air Force and the Under Secretary for Acquisition, it is three or four layers or less. To me that is where the real power of that approach comes. And it can be done. Now can we do it for every acquisition program in the Department? Probably not.    Mr. Hunter. Well I would say Congress has done one thing in this most recent NDAA--the one that is still pending, I should say, after the veto--is to streamline the process. So, you know, there are a number of documentation, check-the-box kind of exercises that have been imposed over the years, a number of them by the Department but a number also by statute and kind of cleaning the books of a lot of these things can really help.    And then, as I mentioned in my testimony, now that many of those statutes have been changed, making sure that the Department follows through to actually change the regulations because a lot of these things were required by statute. Now they are in the regs, and so you have to clean that stuff off the books. And following through to make sure that now that the statute has been streamlined, that the regulations are also streamlined is critical.    Mr. Hunter. I just had one thought there. Other transaction authority, something that the pending NDAA would make permanent, is a way to do this to create a special, much stripped-down agreement with commercial companies. It is definitely a great tool, and it is something the Department needs to use more.    Mr. Hunter. My perspective on the JSTAR's recap program is, it gets back to this question of vision. I think the Air Force's vision for that program as a battle management control asset is something that the broader Department is still waiting to embrace, maybe would be the way to put it. Other services have thought traditionally--I think the Army has thought traditionally--of JSTARs as more of an ISR-type asset, so these are slightly different missions that the services see coming from this platform.    And if you think of it as an ISR asset, you say, well, we have got lots of ISR assets, and we have got unmanned ISR assets, and so why is a manned platform the right way to go? The Air Force sees JSTARs fundamentally as something bigger than or more than an ISR asset. And I think that is kind of the dialogue that has been going on. And they are making kind of that first step, and I mentioned in my testimony that Paul mentioned about the milestone B decision, which is a threshold decision of do we want to invest in this or not?    And you want to be cautious making that decision, but once you have made it, and you have made a good decision hopefully, then I think the priority is to proceed with all speed into program execution. And that is where I think JSTAR's recap would be a good example of something that ought to be one of these adaptable programs that I mentioned, particularly given the pace of evolution of electronics technology, that you want to have a design for that system that you can upgrade continuously throughout its life cycle because you know the technology is going to be light years away in 30 years in ways that we could never imagine today.    Mr. Hunter. And I agree with that, sir. I am not in any way suggesting we shouldn't move forward on the program. I think this dialogue that has been going on as they have gone to this investment decision has been more about the vision than it has been about the specifics of the program.    Mr. Hunter. Well, I would say it does to an extent. There is two ways in which it can apply. One is past performance. Rarely are major contractors ruled out because of past performance, so there I would say no. On the other hand----    Mr. Hunter. It could preclude competition if we ruled out a major competitor, but what they do often in the evaluation process is they will evaluate the contractor's price, not necessarily exactly at what they bid it, but at what the estimators inside the government think that that would really translate to. In other words, for example, with the tanker contract, the last version of that was fixed price, so it was evaluated at what was bid.    But a previous version, they evaluated the price of the bidders higher because they thought, we don't really believe the costs that you are putting forward. And so depending again on the nature of the contract, they can evaluate a contractor at a higher price if there is a history that they have delivered at a higher price.    Mr. Hunter. I would say, you bring up a point that I think starts to highlight some of the challenges that the Army has in moving forward with its acquisition programs and its vision. Because I know that the Army has looked at what can we do with combat vehicles.    And one of the reasons why I would suggest and that I have heard from some in the Army acquisitions system is that they aren't moving forward on a new ground combat vehicle is because they don't think they can get one that is significantly lighter than the systems they have today. And there is some logic or some mode of thought that says why would I invest billions of dollars in a system that ultimately isn't going to meet the objective I want, which is a lighter, more maneuverable vehicle?    This also relates to the point Dr. Chu made about the MRAPs and why the government didn't retain most of those. We did retain some, and actually many of the ones that were retained are the M-ATVs that were maintained in Afghanistan which were more mobile and able to move around in more challenging terrain. But the heavier versions that we used in Iraq have largely been let go because they don't meet that priority.    Mr. Hunter. There is a few others. We mentioned JSTAR's capitalization program which is right on the cusp of entering the process, and another one that has been a big focus has been U-class program.    And I assume when Paul says take a look at them, that doesn't mean cancel all those programs. I am not, certainly, going to put myself in that position. But I do think the role of the Congress in examining that investment decision that the Department has made, to say ``Why is the cost of this worth it from a warfighting perspective?'' is absolutely the right question to ask.    And asking it right around the time of milestone B, I would say ask it around the time of milestone B. Paul is saying ask it a little earlier than that even. You want to be on the front end. Once you get deep into the program, there are constituencies associated with it, and frankly, you are committed in a way that is just hard to get out of. And that is why those early milestones are so critical.    Mr. Hunter. Well, I was going to add to that, we have been having a discussion about adaptable systems. And I think to your point, an example that I used in my testimony is the Predator system, you know, which has really evolved. It is almost unrecognizable now as a system from where it was when it started. And in incremental changes along the way, it has adapted to warfighter needs.    And I think it is a classic example of how that can be done. You start with a relatively simple thing. It is an air truck. It happens to be an unmanned air truck, but other than that, it is basically an air truck. But it is a flexible enough design that as new sensors have come along, new weapons have come along, many, many changes, I probably shouldn't get into all of them that have been made----    Mr. Hunter. Well, it is true in part, and untrue in part.    Mr. Hunter. So the design that we have today is significantly bigger than the original assets that were done. But it looks roughly the same. So the general design concept has been fairly constant, but it is a bigger airplane today than it was before.    Mr. Hunter. Ohio class is an interesting example, because actually, you probably need less than the existing system we have today. I am not suggesting we scrap them, but----    Mr. Hunter. To the existing system we have today----    Mr. Hunter . In the sense that we are going to fire the same missile----    Mr. Hunter . And we don't necessarily need as many tubes as we have today. Our requirement is not as robust as it was when the Ohio class was designed. So, of course, we are 30, 40 years on, and so there is going to be new technology. There has to be new technology in the system because you can't go backwards----    Mr. Hunter . On many of these things. The one last thing I would say in terms of submarines, is the Navy really pioneered this adaptable systems approach with the combat system on attack submarines, their Acoustic-Rapid COTS Insertion Program. And I think that is exactly what you are describing, is, you know, go into production with a design that you know works, and then have a system that allows you to update and upgrade that combat system as technology proves out.    Mr. Hunter. Well, I can't resist, having spent time doing rapid acquisition. We do do it faster. We have done it faster. This is something that I guess amazes me after my time in the Department that, you know, go to Iraq, go to Afghanistan----    Mr. Hunter. Yeah. There are systems that are flying. Hosts that just simply didn't exist even 3 years ago.    Mr. Hunter. So what that is an answer to is a fleet of aircraft that we are going to sustain for 50 years. It takes 15 years, essentially to--if you are lucky, to have a program that is going to be a 50-year, large aircraft fleet type of a system.    And there may be opportunities to accelerate that, but on the other hand if you think you are going to sustain something for 50 years, it probably makes sense to take a little extra time to get it exactly right. But we don't need to do that in all cases, and I think that is kind of the key.    Mr. Hunter. Well, I would say one thing is that there are real impediments in the system that make it very hard to do that. And we have talked a bit here about the agile approach to acquisition. And there is a real challenge to utilizing that approach, and I mentioned, I have talked about it as adaptable systems, which is the system is designed to say, give me a clear baseline, everything you are going to do, and then I will grade you as to whether you have met that baseline or not, or whether you have gone over. And if you have gone over, I am calling you for cost growth or schedule growth.    And there is, now, and I have said a lot of things that I like that are in the pending NDAA . There is one that I don't like, which is the provision that says, we are going to penalize the services year after year after year, if they experience any growth above baseline. Well, if you have got a fragile system, or adaptable system, of course, you are going to grow the baseline. That is the whole idea. That is the point.    But effectively, you know, this provision is going to make it so that the services, in order to do that, it is going to be like going over the salary cap for an NFL team or an NBA team. They are going to have to pay a penalty every year because they are trying to do something to make the system better. And I think that there are many other barriers because it becomes very hard to baseline these programs where you know you are going to evolve them, but you don't know exactly how yet. So that is a real issue that we need to work through, and I talk in my testimony about we need to come up with a new paradigm, not for everything, but for some of these systems that we think we need to be highly adaptable.    Mr. Hunter. One thing I would add in terms of risk is that we can do better at managing risk. So I would agree. I don't know that our system is unwilling to take risk, but it does struggle to manage risk. And in many cases, you know, you will see these risk charts, you know, and there is always one item that is either high yellow or red, and everything else is kind of green or in the mid-yellows, and they all look roughly the same. Because there, really, again, it is in some cases, unfortunately, more about selling the system than it is about managing the risk.    And that requires real discipline, and this is where the quality of the workforce comes in. So that the government workforce really understands what the risk is, and what is the plan to manage it, to burn it down over time. And I think the biggest key there is leadership and then the human capital issues that Dr. Chu has referred to.