    Mr. REICHERT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Doggett, for inviting me here today to talk about the PERP Act.    And I just want to take a moment to thank Matt and Ryan of your staff for the innovative acronym. That was, I think, accomplished on behalf of my past profession as a police officer. So PERP Act actually stands for Permanently Ending Receipt by Prisoners. So I thought that was pretty innovative on their part.    I introduced this bill last Congress as chairman of the subcommittee with the full support of many of you that are sitting here today. And I appreciate Chairman Boustany's continued support as well as Mr. Renacci's for joining me once again in introducing this commonsense piece of legislation.    The PERP Act is very straightforward. Understanding that the existing UI program rules that operate in all States, an individual must be able, they must be available, and they must be actively seeking work in order to be eligible to collect UI benefits, which are paid to those who are unemployed through no fault of their own.    Individuals confined in jails, prisons, and other penal institutions are, by definition, not able and not available to work and have historically been presumed to be not eligible for UI benefits. However, in recent years, thanks to news articles that have appeared in multiple States, it has become clear that this law is not being properly enforced.    Headlines included from Illinois State, ``More Than 2 million in Unemployment Benefits Went to Inmates''; from New Jersey, ``Audit Says 20,000 Inmates Were Mistakenly Paid Nearly $24 million in State and Federal Benefits''; from Pennsylvania, ``Inmates Collect Millions in Unemployment Benefits in Philadelphia Jails''; and, again, from South Carolina, ``Government Waste: Inmates Collecting Millions in Fraudulent Unemployment Checks.''    These articles and many others make clear that taxpayer money is being wasted on these payments by the millions. We must make it crystal clear that this is absolutely unacceptable. Incarcerated individuals should not be receiving unemployment benefits meant for individuals and families fallen on hard times and working to get back on their feet.    States must be making affirmative efforts to end this abuse. Law-abiding taxpayers should never have to worry that their tax dollars are being spent on improper payments to those who have broken the same laws they work so hard to follow.    The PERP Act resolves this problem by taking the following steps: Number one, it bars States from paying unemployment insurance checks to local, State, and Federal prisoners, strengthening a current implied prohibition because prisoners are not able and available for work, as I said; number two, it requires State UI agencies to regularly compare UI roles with currently available inmate rosters to ensure UI checks are not paid to current inmates.    At a minimum, these States must access and use prisoner information that the Social Security Administration has collected and used since the late 1990s to prevent the payment of Supplemental Security Income, SSI, benefits checks to currently incarcerated individuals. This current data match is simple, it is quick, and it is efficient and can readily be replicated by States to ensure that UI benefit checks are not paid to prisoners.    In 2011, the UI program paid out a total of $10.3 billion in improper payments. By ensuring that none of those payments continue to go to individuals in jails and prisons, we can take a major step towards increasing that total amount. By ending the reliance on self-reporting of ineligibility for UI benefits and, instead, requiring States to use already existing Federal databases of prisoners, we can create a simple, efficient, and affordable system.    Again, I thank my Ways and Means Committee colleagues for listening to my testimony today and for the invitation to be here to share thoughts on this legislation. I appreciate your support.    And I yield back.