    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the witnesses for your testimony. I point out that my good friend from Tennessee can sometimes be a bit of an ornery agitator and slide off topic from time to time. He'll be very interested in knowing that as I walked into my office on Monday, the first time I had set foot in there in 2016, I walked back to what I call our leg shop, and there I see there are two new faces. And they were two interns that I had not met before and actually wasn't aware that they were coming on board. So as I introduced myself to them, the first one--her name is Sydnee--and right away, I say, ``Where are you from?''    And she said, ``I was born in Canada.''    ``Born in Canada. Well, why are you here?''    ``Well, because I'm a born in Canada with an American citizen mother and a Canadian father, and I'm a dual citizen.''    The second I heard that, I picked up my iPhone, and I interviewed her. This is 2 minutes long, and I'd like to play it for you all so you can hear how simple this argument actually is.    Mr. King. ``Maybe because of politics'' was the last answer that we heard from her. And for me----    Mr. King. I would yield to the gentleman from Tennessee since he brought up the topic.    Mr. King. Let me reclaim my time on that, and since I'm going to claim the last word in this particular hearing and utilize my time then to examine the witnesses, but I'm always opened to dialogue in the elevator or anyplace else, Mr. Cohen.    Mr. King. I thought that it was quite interesting and ironic and coincidental that I would walk into my office----    Mr. King. I thought it was coincidental with excellent timing that I would walk into my office and find a young lady who hasn't been in this arena, never been to law school, and who happened to find herself in a very, very similar, if not identical, birth circumstances of Senator Ted Cruz, who understood this with such utter clarity. And the default is this: If you're born to an American citizen, say on some other soil, say the son or daughter of a missionary or missionary couple, then they're automatically American citizen by virtue of the citizenship of their parents. And no one doubts that, or we wouldn't have missionaries traveling around the world. They would stay here, I would think. And she understood with such clarity. She said if you're not a naturalized citizen, then you are a natural-born citizen by default. And that's what the 1790 statute says. That's what all the scholarship says with except to people that I suspect have that politics in the way of their rationale.    So I'd like to pose a quick question to each of the panelists if I could, and it's going to be a general one. This: I'm troubled. It looks to me like I'm seeing Supreme Court decisions, circuit court decisions that are calculating the policy instead of the text in the Constitution. And it looks to me like the text of the Constitution with the Origination Clause--if the courts--if the courts do not honor the text of the Constitution and the original understanding, they realize that it blows the whole ACA up, and we have to start all over. I'd be very happy with that.    But it seems to me that they're not reading the text of the Constitution and applying it any longer. And I used to be able to make the call on what I expected the Court would rule, and I was right so often that I had a sense of confidence. Now I no longer have that confidence.    So my question is, if we have a rogue court, especially a rogue court, are we wedded then to Marbury to the extent that we have no recourse to a rogue Supreme Court? Or is there another alternative----    Mr. King. I would go to Mr. Gaziano.    Mr. King. I accept your statement. I'm far more cynical on the result out of the Supreme Court on this particular case. I appreciate your testimony.    I yield back the balance of my time.