    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate the opportunity to have this hearing because certainly with all the posturing that is going on about the Second Amendment and about use of firearms, we certainly can agree that the Second Amendment is part of the Constitution, but any violation of law, illegal activity, criminal activity relative to firearms has to be treated that way. And certainly we should not be adding to the potential of criminal activity by not having secure usage and storage of government-supplied firearms, and so I appreciate the panel being here.    Mr. Orner, what are ICE's requirements for how officers secure firearms in their parked vehicles?    Mr. Walberg. With all the subcomponents as well?    Mr. Walberg. I assume that part of that is a locked vehicle along with the locker?    Mr. Walberg. And that has been a policy subcomponent-wide for how long?    Mr. Walberg. About 2 years?    Mr. Walberg. What administrative actions, if any, have been taken against the officer involved in the situation, the lost weapon that led to the Ramos killing back in 2013? Or 2015, excuse me.    Mr. Walberg. But I assume you know what took place. Could you inform us of that?    Mr. Walberg. I would appreciate that if you could supply that to us, though I would hope that in evaluating your efforts to secure firearms, we would also have an understanding of how it is working and what has taken place as far as actions, administrative action against officers that, for one reason or another, lose their firearms.    Did the incident lead to any changes in ICE protocols related to securing firearms, and have those changes been applied to other DHS components?    Mr. Walberg. So I guess I go back again. What did we learn from that particular incident, and what changes have been made?    Mr. Walberg. Well, that is a given. That I would assume is a given.    Mr. Walberg. I see my time is expired. Unless you are willing to give me a little bit of extra time, and I see you are not, so I understand that. Thank you.