    Mr. Noe. Thank you. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Paul Noe, and I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today on behalf of the American Forest and Paper Association, the American Wood Council, and their members on two bills to make important reforms to the Federal rulemaking process.    We applaud these bills because we believe they are important steps to increase regulatory transparency and fairness, harmonize regulatory requirements, avoid wasting limited resources, and increase regulatory certainty. H.R. 2631 would require public notice and comment when agencies issue an interpretive rule that conflicts with, or is inconsistent with a, previous longstanding interpretive guidance.    This is consistent with the principles of due process, transparency, and accountability that are the foundation of the APA. After the Supreme Court's Mortgage Bankers decision, it is clear that an agency can reverse the binding policy reflected in a longstanding, definitive interpretive rule by simply issuing a contrary interpretive rule. In other words, an agency can change its binding policy from ``X'' to ``not X'' without having provided the public notice and an opportunity for comment.    As a practical matter, by regulating through interpretive guidance rather than legislative rules, an agency often can avoid not only public review but OMB review, court review, and congressional oversight. That is not good government. As the D.C. circuit put it, the phenomenon we see in this case is familiar.    Congress passes a broadly-worded statute. The agency follows with regulations containing broad language, open-ended phrases, ambiguous standards, and the like. Then as years pass, the agency issues circulars or guidance or memoranda explaining, interpreting, defining, and often expanding the commands and the regulations. Law is made without notice and comment, without public participation, without publication in the Federal Register, or the code of Federal regulations.    Many authorities have gone beyond H.R. 2631 to recommend pre-adoption notice and comment for all significant guidance, including the administrative conference of the United States, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and the American Bar Association. H.R. 2631 has a more modest scope by proposing pre-adoption notice and comment for interpretive rules, not policy statements, that conflict with or are inconsistent with prior interpretive guidance that have been in effect for a year or more. This bill is a good step toward addressing the problem of regulation by guidance.    The other bill, H.R. 3438 would, pending judicial review, postpone the effective date of high-impact rules that may impose an annual cost on the economy of not less than $1 billion. This bill would promote certainty, efficiency, and legal integrity in the regulatory process.    All too often regulations requiring major capital investments are struck down in court, and this is an increasing trend, I believe. H.R. 3438 would avoid wasting resources, stranding assets, and ensure that rules are legally sound before billions of dollars in investment are made.    One example of how this rule effects the U.S. forest products industry is EPA's Boiler MACT rules. In 2007, about $200 million in compliance investments were stranded in the paper and wood products industry when a court struck down the 2004 Boiler MACT rules just 3 months before the compliance deadline.    When the rules were reissued in 2013, the new standards had changed significantly, and previous investments proved to be the wrong approaches to achieve compliance. Wasting limited capital undermines the competitiveness of U.S. businesses and impedes growth in job creation. One suggestion I would submit for the Subcommittee to consider is to broaden the definition of high-impact rules to ensure that highly consequential rules, such as the Boiler MACT rules, are covered.    In conclusion, H.R. 2631 and H.R. 3438 take important steps to promote transparency, certainty, efficiency, and fairness in the regulatory process. We support these efforts, and we would be happy to work with the Committee as it advances these proposals through the legislative process.    Mr. Chairman, I request permission to include in the record documents referenced in my testimony. I thank you.    Mr. Noe. Yes, sir.    Mr. Noe. Thank you.    Mr. Noe. Well, one suggestion that I would make, Mr. Chairman, is to focus not on the annual cost but the total capital cost. As I understand the bill, a large part of the driver here is to avoid some capital in complying with a rule that is then determined to be unlawful.    And if you key it to total capital costs of not less than $1 billion, you would have captured the Boiler MACT rules I referred to. They had a capital cost of over $1.7 billion. But annualized over a 20-year period, as EPA does, they were estimated to be $860 million annually. So it would not have passed that test.    One other suggestion I would make is to clarify that the cost includes both direct and indirect costs, because agencies sometimes say, well, it's not this, you know, national ambient air quality standard that caused the cost; it's implementation of it. And so direct and indirect cost, I think, would be helpful to capture that as well. But I'd be happy to work with your counsel on some specific language.    Mr. Noe. Congressman, I think the status quo is very problematic as well.    Mr. Noe. I like the idea, Congressman, and I'm happy to welcome Professor Buzbee to the regulatory reform movement. It sounds like he likes cost-benefit analysis, and I would encourage Congress to require that by statute.    Mr. Noe. Yes. Thank you for that question, Congressman. And I would say that of the witnesses here who work in the business community, we all support these bills. And the reason is, yes, we want clarity; yes, we do ask agencies for interpretations, but we also want due process. And I think that's what the bill would provide.    We also find it very hard to operate in a regulatory system where there's actually now an incentive and agencies are going in this direction to hollow out their legislative rules. A lot of the controversial issues are not in those rules. They pass through a one view review. You don't have an objection here, because once they're object to and along comes an interpretive rule, without due process, without notice and comment, and then they can do a 180 and say one day our policy was X, and the next day it's not X.    I can give you a specific example where you can imagine an agency issuing a broadly-worded legislative rule with a preamble that says, what we mean is X. They could come out, under mortgage bankers, later with a letter or something that says not X.    Mr. Noe. I would recommend--you know, I respect if the Committee wants to have it only apply to the very small handful of rules it applies to now, but I would hope a least it's clear that it's total capital cost, whatever the number is. I think, frankly, there are a number of rules, though, that could effect small business or other entities that when it hit that threshold. So it's for you to consider whether you'd want to lower that further.    Mr. Noe. I absolutely do, Congressman, and I think you make a good point. I think what's being lost in the discussion about you should consider benefits as well as costs, is that we're talking about regulations that are later declared to be unlawful. Okay. And that creates tremendous waste of limited resources, which effects ability to hire, capital expansion. In other countries, to your point, my understanding, and I'm not an expert in foreign regulation, but there's much more of an accommodation, the regulators working with the industry on capital planning for highly costly rules. We have a very adversarial legal system where that doesn't happen as much as it should. And when it does happen, the stakes can be avoided.    The airbags rule that Ranking Member Johnson referred to, for example, you know, NHTSA actually originally made a mistake in those rules. And it considered the risks from high-force airbags, and there were a number of fatalities because of that. I'm not saying--I don't know enough of that to say the REVIEW Act could have to avoid that, but I know it would avoid mistakes that are made. And so we're talking about a bill that could lead to sustainable regulation, increase the legal soundness of it and really avoid mistakes, and that's where you're going to get real benefits.    If I could, I just want to show you from a distance. This is a picture of the clean air regulations, just one program of one agency that our industry faces in the next 10 years. This is what people face when they run companies in this country, and it's a scary picture