    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There seems to be so much interest in this issue of liquidity, so I just can't help myself. And perhaps I will ask a question that will help put this to rest for all of us.    In going back to your March 2015 testimony, Secretary Lew, on the issue of liquidity you said, and I quote: ``So I think that this is something that requires a lot of analysis. We are doing it. And I would be happy to share with you a more complete analysis when we complete it.''    Now, this was March of 2015. I didn't get anything at 11:18 last night. What is the plan here?    Mrs. Wagner. So within the next 3 weeks, we will receive--    Mrs. Wagner. And you believe that will come this summer then?    Mrs. Wagner. And that should answer all our questions about the importance of liquidity or lack thereof?    Mrs. Wagner. I have several more questions here. We look forward to your report this summer.    To date, FSOC has designated four nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFI, essentially signaling to market participants that the government considers them too-big-to-fail. As a result, Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker stated that shareholders and creditors of those firms can't expect the government to shield them from losses during periods of distress, ultimately putting the taxpayer on the hook for a future potential bailout.    For that reason, I am interested--and I think others on this committee also have mentioned this today--in how these companies can ultimately de-risk and shed their designation status from FSOC and remove the implicit government support that such a designation carries with it, knowing that the primary goal for FSOC is to reduce risk in the financial system. I think that you also would share that sentiment.    I know that Senator Mark Warner has told you before that there was never any intention of creating a ``Hotel California,'' I believe were his words, with the designation process where you were able to check out any time you like but never leave.    Secretary Lew, in the absence of any practical guidance from FSOC on how to exit SIFI designation, is it really possible for designated firms to know what they are supposed to do to reduce systemic risk?    Mrs. Wagner. They specifically, though, know how they can reduce risk, have you have given them guidance on this, how to change their business model, their structure?    Mrs. Wagner. Do they know from you specifically?    Mrs. Wagner. So you have a list--because I have limited time here--of specific information on what firms can do to remove this designation?    Mrs. Wagner. So you don't have a list of how these--    Mrs. Wagner. The risk factors are quite clear to whom?    Mrs. Wagner. Have you provided them with those risk factors?    Mrs. Wagner. I have run out of time, Mr. Chairman.