    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to each of you for your testimony today.    My staff has been working on a number of issues that really are perplexing and, Mr. Rademaker, you kind of alluded to it just a few minutes ago.    You know, five executive orders, over 10 codified laws that required Congress to act to remove the sanctions in some way, form or fashion from Iran.    And yet here we are today discussing this particular deal of a new deal when Iran is violating not only outlined codified law on our behalf but, according to your testimony just now, U.N. sanctions.    Is that correct? Are they violating U.N. sanctions by having a nuclear program?    Mr. Meadows. So we have----    Mr. Meadows. So what this administration is saying is that it is okay if you violate some of the U.N. sanctions and some of the U.N. guidelines that are out there today as long as you enter into a new agreement where you promise not to violate them. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Well, if that is the case, if they are not willing to adhere to existing laws that are in place, existing guidelines by both the United States and the U.N., how do we expect them, just because 18 months has transpired, to be any more, I guess, legitimate, to use your words, with regards to compliance? How can we expect a different result based on this new agreement?    Mr. Meadows. So----    Mr. Meadows. So we are legitimizing their nuclear program today in exchange for them to have a bona fide nuclear program 10 years from now?    Mr. Meadows. Well, if it takes Congress to act to remove these particular codified laws, if it takes the U.N. to act to remove U.N. sanctions, how in the world does a snap back really happen?    I mean, this new snap back is part of the framework. I have never known sanctions to ever snap back and ever be effective quickly.    Mr. Meadows. Can you show--can you point to a point in history where that has ever had immediate impact on a snap back kind of situation where a sanction had an immediate effect and changed it overnight?    Mr. Meadows. So what about the U.N.?    Mr. Meadows. Harder or impossible? Well, close to impossible?    Mr. Meadows. And therein is my thing. In the framework analysis that we have, gentlemen, it talks about mitigation and how we mitigate differences and if we have a 2-month window or even if it grows to 1 year, as the talking points have, can you mitigate something longer enough to allow Iran to get to a nuclear bomb before we could actually take action, according to our own framework?    Mr. Meadows. Can you point to anywhere this has----    Mr. Meadows. I am not aware of any.    Mr. Meadows. So let me--let me clarify. A snap back will not stop Iran from getting a nuclear bomb. Is that----    Mr. Meadows. I am out of time. I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.