    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for appearing before the committee today.    To reiterate, the bill that we are talking about today, the National Environmental Policy Act, is one of our Nation's bedrock environmental laws, crafted on a bipartisan basis by Congress, signed into law by President Nixon, this committee having played a very important role. NEPA has informed Federal decisionmaking and increased transparency for over 40 years. It is the starting point for evaluating the environmental impacts of Federal action.    NEPA does not dictate decisionmaking or project choices, nor does it require Federal agencies to elevate environmental concerns above all others. Instead, it simply makes sure that agencies have all the necessary information on potential environmental impacts, and consider alternatives before moving forward with a Federal project.    To put it simply, NEPA makes sure we ``look before we leap,'' and are using our taxpayer dollars wisely. It is also one of the primary ways through which the public is able to participate in the Federal decisionmaking process, fulfilling the fundamental right of American citizens to have a voice regarding a proposed Federal project. We hear much on this committee about the conflict between states and the Federal Government. But, in essence, NEPA ensures that the Federal Government is a good neighbor, giving its neighbors a chance to be heard on Federal actions.    So, I strongly support the Administration's efforts to better incorporate the impacts of climate change in the NEPA review process. Climate change is a critical generational issue that we cannot ignore. The proposed guidance that we are discussing today will increase predictability and certainty for Federal agencies, state, and local governments, not least the Defense Department, private businesses, and the public, on how climate change impacts will be considered as part of NEPA. Our Federal courts have also overwhelmingly determined that this is something that we need to do.    Mr. Clark, I want to thank you for appearing before this committee today and sharing your expertise. As Ms. Bordallo is, I am also a member of the Armed Services Committee, so I particularly appreciated the fact that, in your testimony, you stated that the Army considers the impacts of sea-level rise, storm surge, and increasing frequency of drought when studying where and how to build facilities.    I know when I first went on to that committee, I was very impressed with the ways in which the different services were really in leadership positions of taking into account the impacts of climate change. And it is my hope, as you referenced in your testimony, that as they deal with this through the NEPA process, that they will create templates for other agencies to follow.    But from your experience, having served in both Republican and Democratic administrations, if we don't conduct careful planning, could the impacts of climate change negatively impact military readiness? We know that they certainly deal with it in national security framework, but could it impact military readiness?    Ms. Tsongas. You also said in your testimony that CEQ's guidance will ``help bring structure and consistency'' and ``reduce confusion'' for the Army's current efforts. Can you expand on this? Can you give some examples of confusion under the current process that could be improved by increased guidance from CEQ?    Ms. Tsongas. So it creates consistency across the agencies, which is what you are saying.    Ms. Tsongas. Great. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. I am assuming climate change is causing you guys to screw around with the equipment over there and break things?    The Chairman. There is a social cost to that. I just want you to know.    The Chairman. Mr. Wittman, you are recognized.