    Mr. Guinta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here. I want to look at this from a little bit of a different perspective. You and I share a very similar background. You were a mayor. I was a mayor. So I want to ask you the question from this perspective. I understand you are running a $46 billion budget now. When I was mayor, I ran a $300 billion budget. San Antonio was significantly larger. We had relationships with the public housing organization in my city. I am sure you did in yours. My question would be, as a mayor, if an agency or entity came to you with the facts and figures that you are presenting to us, would you as a mayor feel and deem those facts acceptable: $1.7 billion in a taxpayer bailout, the repayment rate--or the delinquent rate from 14 percent down to 10 percent. Would you look at that as a mayor, and feel that would be a reasonable risk for the people that you represent to continue to take?    Mr. Guinta. So you are making improvements. Are you meeting the metrics that you are setting for FHA?    Mr. Guinta. When was the last time you were at the 2 percent, FHA? When was the last time?    Mr. Guinta. So 6 years ago, if you took over FHA, at what time period would you say would be acceptable to get back to the 2 percent?    Mr. Guinta. In terms of being a results-driven kind of guy.    Mr. Guinta. Earlier in the testimony, you had talked about decreasing the premiums. I understand that from 2010 to 2014, premiums increased 145 percent. Did you think that was good public policy to increase premiums on these very people that you were advocating to try to provide homeownership?    Mr. Guinta. So then what changed from that period of time, to now, where the premium is reduced--where you have reduced it by 40 percent knowing that you still have an obligation of almost 1.6 percent to get to the 2 percent cap?    Mr. Guinta. And these are safeguards that had not been in place ever in the history of FHA?    Mr. Guinta. Reclaiming my time for a moment, so you are comfortable with a balance sheet that looks, that has a $1.7 billion exposure on it despite the fact that you feel we are making results and we are going to get there eventually. Despite the fact that we haven't met that goal in 6 years, you are comfortable with a $1.7 billion deficit on the balance sheet?    Mr. Guinta. But you took a loan, essentially taxpayer-backed, of $1.7 billion.    Mr. Guinta. Thank you.