    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Milholland, help me out here. I am just trying to educate myself. What is the timeline between when an employee leaves the IRS and when their hard drive is erased?    Mr. Carter. What determines that? What determines the variation?    Mr. Carter. I mean, what hallway they are in?    Mr. Carter. Okay. When was Mr. Maruca's hard drive erased? What day?    Mr. Carter. Okay.    Mr. Carter. Now, where was Mr. Maruca because you said, Mr. Milholland, that it depended on what office he was in. Which office was Mr. Maruca in?    Mr. Carter. He was in D.C. So you just said if he is in D.C., it ought to be pretty quick.    Mr. Carter. But in the case of Mr. Maruca, you do not know what day it was destroyed?    Mr. Carter. Okay. So where it was sent down to, do they have a record of it? Can you call them and find out? I mean, surely they keep a record to tell you, okay, we destroyed this hard drive this day, this one this day.    Mr. Carter. I am not worried about the rest of the computer.    Mr. Carter. I am worried about what gets erased. It would just occur to me or it would appear to me that you would have a day on there, somebody would keep a day that said that this is the day it was erased.    Mr. Carter. Do you ever consider it to be an asset, an important asset?    Mr. Carter. Okay. And this is even after we have had the experience with Ms. Lerner and with her hard drive being destroyed and being wiped out. Even after that we still do not have in place when exactly we destroyed it. We still do not know. So you are telling me that is a matter of policy?    Mr. Carter. The workload and the resources.    Mr. Carter. So everything is determined by the workload and the resources, not by its importance.    Mr. Carter. I just find it to be a very poor excuse about resources. I mean, it would seem to me like that you would have been really on your toes, especially in light of what has happened in the past. It would seem to me that you would want to absolutely know when a hard drive was destroyed or wiped out. I mean, you see where I am going here.    I am just getting the impression from where I am sitting, it looks like the IRS is just taking the attitude, hey, we are above the law here. I mean, that is what it looks like to me, and I can imagine what it looks to a regular citizen who is being audited by the IRS. It is really confounding to me that we do not keep better records than this. It would appear to me the IRS, in light of everything that has happened in the way of hard drives being wiped out, that your policy would be better and that you would be keeping better records. So you can understand why the general public thinks, well, they think they are above the law here.    I am just flabbergasted by this. Mr. Chairman, I do not know what to say except that I hope that you will take it as a lesson and understand that, you know, there are people out there who are being audited by the IRS who feel like they are being targeted, feel like they are being treated unfairly, and feel like the IRS thinks they are above the law. And in instances like this, you can understand why they feel that way. This is unacceptable.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.