    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``EPA Regulatory Outreach: Impacts on Industry.'' I am going to recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement, and then I'll do the same for the Ranking Member.    Over the last year, the Environmental Protection Agency has released some of the most expensive and expansive regulations in its history. These rules will cost billions of dollars, place a heavy burden on American families, and diminish the competitiveness of American industry around the world.    Today's hearing will examine this Administration's unprecedented regulatory agenda and the manner in which EPA has used secret science, questionable legal interpretations, and flawed analysis to promote these rules. Specifically, we will hear from our witnesses about how the Clean Power Plan, the Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards, and the definition of the ``Waters of the United States'' adversely impact the American economy with little benefit to our environment.    The so-called Clean Power Plan is a power grab that will force states to reach arbitrary and often impossible targets for carbon emissions. These measures will impose tremendous costs on everyday Americans. It will shut down large numbers of affordable power plants, which increases the cost of electricity and puts the reliability of the electric grid into question. The Clean Power Plan will have an even greater impact on those who live on fixed incomes, such as the elderly and the poor, who are the most vulnerable to increases in the price for some of our most basic necessities like electricity. EPA asserts that the Clean Power Plan will help combat climate change. However, EPA's own data demonstrates that is not the case. The EPA data shows that this regulation would eliminate much less than one percent of global carbon emissions and would reduce sea-level rise by only 1/100th of an inch, the thickness of three sheets of paper. This rule represents massive costs without significant benefits. In other words, it's all pain and no gain.    EPA also seeks to impose stricter ozone standards by lowering the standard from the current 75 parts per billion to between 65-70 ppb. Analysis conducted by EPA shows that this rule would cost at least $15 billion annually, and industry groups believe the costs will be even greater. Once again, these costs come with few benefits. In fact, EPA's own figures show that since 1980, ozone levels have decreased by 33 percent. Today's air quality will continue to improve with the expected development of practical new technologies.    Last week, the EPA submitted its final rule to define the ``Waters of the United States.'' This is the EPA's latest attempt to expand its jurisdiction and increase its power to regulate American waterways, even if that means invading Americans' backyards. The rule will make it difficult for farmers and others to improve their land and expand their businesses. While the draft rule left many questions as to which bodies of water the EPA will claim under its jurisdiction, the final rule is more specific. As many had predicted, EPA has claimed unprecedented jurisdiction over many different kinds of water, including those that temporarily result from a ``drizzle.'' The EPA actually used that word, ``drizzle.'' EPA will now have the authority to oversee features such as prairie potholes and even areas that are not always filled with water. Under this regulatory regime, Americans will be subject to required permits and the constant threat of government intervention. The onslaught of EPA regulations continues.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses about the impact of these burdensome EPA regulations.    Chairman Smith. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson, for her opening statement.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Unfortunately, today's hearing is just a continuation of the same familiar theme we have heard in this Congress: resistance to the EPA's efforts to carry out its mission to protect the nation's environment and the public health, resistance that is unsupported by scientific evidence.    It thus should not be a surprise that this hearing, like all others on EPA's activities, will fail to offer any constructive solutions for lowering ozone and cutting carbon emissions. Instead, it will serve as one more platform for industry to voice its opposition to regulations that will make the air we breathe cleaner, the water we drink safer, and that will help address the looming challenge of climate change. Just this week, as a matter of fact, about 30 leaders of denominations throughout the African American community, the national leadership, came to the Congressional Black Caucus to announce their national movement to support cleaning up the environment.    And while Congressional oversight of EPA's activities is appropriate, the hearings held by this Committee have not met standards of serious oversight. For example, this Committee has failed to bring the expertise necessary to truly examine the research, policies and technologies needed to confront the most important environmental issue of our time: climate change. Instead, the so-called experts the Majority has brought before this Committee too often represent views from outside the mainstream of the scientific community and are industry opponents with a vested interest in maintaining the status quo. It is puzzling to me that our Committee is going down such a path just as other nations and many in the business community are stepping up to address the challenge presented by climate change. Those nations and those businesses are looking to the United States government to provide leadership.    Just last week, six major oil companies, including BP, Shell, and Total sent a letter to the United Nations recognizing climate change and the role of their companies in lowering carbon emissions. In the letter they state: ``For us to do more, we need governments across the world to provide us with clear, stable, long-term, ambitious policy frameworks. This would reduce uncertainty and help stimulate investments in the right low-carbon technologies and the right resources at the right pace.'' It is unfortunate that instead of contributing to the development of this long-term policy that these oil companies are asking Congress for, this Committee has too often become a forum for climate change denial.    With respect to today's hearing, it is clear that a cleaner environment and a stronger economy are not mutually exclusive. Stricter pollution limits have historically led to innovation and the creation of new technologies that have wound up creating jobs while protecting our environment. I am confident American industry will continue that record of innovation and job creation as new environmental standards are adopted.    And finally, I am proud to say that I was a nurse before I entered politics, and I can think of no mission of the federal government that is more important or noble than EPA's mission to protect human health and the environment. I look forward to Dr. Paulson's testimony on the public health benefits of the environmental regulations we will be discussing today.    In closing, I look forward to the day when this Congress and this Committee will step back from the counterproductive opposition to EPA's efforts to carry out its statutorily mandated mission. It is not a good use of our time, and I hope that we can instead come together to advance our economy and a cleaner environment and a healthier public.    Mr. Chairman, before I yield back, I'd like to enter into the record the letter that I mentioned in my remarks. I thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. And while we're asking unanimous consent to put items into the record, I'd like to ask unanimous consent to put into the record letters or documents we received from the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, from the American Chemistry Council, and that does it for right now.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson, for your opening statement.    Let me go on and introduce our witnesses today. Our first witness is Mr. Bob Kerr, President of Kerr Environmental Services Corporation. Mr. Kerr has 29 years' experience as an environmental consultant specializing in stream and wetland mitigation, natural resources consulting, National Environmental Policy Act compliance, and environmental contaminant studies. Mr. Kerr received his bachelor's degree in biology from the State University of New York at Fredonia and his master's degree in marine environment studies from Stony Brook University.    Our next witness today is Mr. Bill Kovacs, Senior Vice President for Environment, Technology and Regulatory Affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Kovacs initiates and leads multidimensional national issue campaigns on comprehensive energy legislation, complex environmental rulemakings, telecommunications reform, emerging technologies, and the systematic application of sound science to the federal regulatory process. Mr. Kovacs received his bachelor's degree from the University of Scranton and his law degree from Ohio State University.    Our next witness is Dr. Jerome Paulson, Chair of the American Association of Pediatrics Council on Environmental Health Executive Committee. Dr. Paulson also directs the Mid-Atlantic Center for Children's Health and Environment, a federally funded environmental health specialty unit that provides education and outreach to health professionals, parents and the community. In addition, Dr. Paulson has served as a Special Assistant to the Director of Centers for Disease Control's National Center on Environmental Health. Dr. Paulson received his bachelor's degree in biochemistry from the University of Maryland and his M.D. from Duke University.    Our final witness today is Mr. Ross Eisenberg, Vice President of Energy and Resources Policy at the National Association of Manufacturers. Mr. Eisenberg oversees NAM's energy and environmental policy work and has expertise on issues that range from energy production and use to air and water quality, energy efficiency, and environmental regulation. Before joining NAM in 2012, Mr. Eisenberg spent more than five years as Environmental and Energy Counsel at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Eisenberg received his bachelor's degree in English and political science from Emery University and his law degree from Washington Lee University School of Law.    We welcome you all and look forward to your testimony today, and Mr. Kerr, we'll begin with you. Make sure your mic is on there.    Chairman Smith. Thank you very much.    Mr. Kovacs.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Kovacs.    Dr. Paulson.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Paulson.    And Mr. Eisenberg.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Eisenberg, and I'll recognize myself for questions, and Mr. Kerr, let me direct my first question to you.    The EPA claims that under the Waters of the United States final rule, it does not expand the scope of federal jurisdiction. Give me a couple of quick examples as to why it does expand jurisdiction.    Chairman Smith. By the way, I'm just curious. Have we seen the word ``drizzle'' before, water that's accumulated as a result of drizzle?    Chairman Smith. Okay. That might be another example.    Chairman Smith. And that's another expansion.    Mr. Kerr, I know you could go on and on and on. Let me see if I can get to some other questions.    Mr. Kovacs, real quickly, you say that the modeling system used by the EPA is biased. What's an example, and specifically the way that it's biased?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Kovacs.    Dr. Paulson, first of all, you mention in your testimony--I just want to bring it out for everybody's information--that since 1990, emissions of six common pollutants have dropped by 41 percent through 2008. I think that's good news.    You also mention the heartfelt case of a girl with asthma, and whenever the smoke from the power plant located near her home changed from white to black, when they went from burning natural gas to coal, her asthma worsened. We've done some research, and our research indicates that typically a coal-fired plant produces white smoke, not black smoke, and I'll show a couple photographs. Do you know where this plant was located that you referred to?    Chairman Smith. What city or what area? You don't need to give anybody's identity. I'm just curious where it's located.    Chairman Smith. Okay. And we'll have to check because my information is that even when they're burning coal, the smoke is white, not black, and that might be of interest. Anyway, I just wanted to bring that out. I appreciate that.    My last question goes to Mr. Eisenberg, and this is, does the EPA have the legal authority to implement the proposed Clean Power Plan?    Chairman Smith. Do you have a legal opinion yourself as to----    Chairman Smith. Okay. What's an example of one?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Eisenberg, and the gentlewoman from Texas, the Ranking Member, Ms. Johnson, is recognized for her questions.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Paulson, in your--in testimony of Mr. Kovacs, he recommended EPA retain the current 2008 ozone standard of 75 parts per billion, in large part because EPA is just now starting to implement the 2008 standard. Those who support retaining the current standard say it is unfair for EPA to move the goalpost by calling for a more stringent standard. As most people know, I'm from Dallas, Texas, an area that is all too familiar with poor air quality. Dallas County alone is home to more than 60,000 children and over 130,000 adults with asthma who are at risk of missing school, missing work, ending up in the emergency room or hospital, and even dying prematurely on days with dangerous ozone levels at government expense.    Unfortunately, the State of Texas is not helping to protect my constituents nor anybody else's and has been intensely opposed to a lower ozone standard. In fact, the chairman of the Texas Commission on Environment Quality, Bryan Shaw, has stated that there will be little to no public health benefit from lowering the current standard. Was the current standard of 75 parts per billion sufficient to protect public health when it was finalized in 2008 is one question, and the second question, how has the body of scientific evidence changed since the last time the EPA revised the ozone standard, and would it make sense based on the science for EPA to retain the current standard until the states have fully implemented, as some have suggested?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    And the gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Smith. The gentlewoman from Maryland, Ms. Edwards, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Without objection, that'll be made a part of the record.    Chairman Smith. Without objection--and by the way, I'm looking at the poll that you're referring to. The wonder is that the answers were not----    Chairman Smith. --100 percent, given the way the questions were worded.    Chairman Smith. Who's opposed to clean water?    Chairman Smith. It will be made----    Chairman Smith. I'll give you ten more seconds.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Knight, is recognized for questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Knight.    The gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici, is recognized for questions.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    And I'd like unanimous consent to put in the record a New York Times article just a few days ago that reveals that the EPA solicited positive comments from outside organizations, perhaps in violation of lobbying laws. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. And the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer--thank you, Mr. Babin.    Mr. Beyer, the gentleman from Virginia, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer, and the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, is recognized.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, the discussion that we're having today about the EPA's overreach, it's a continuing dialog, and it's disturbing.    I went to Europe just a few weeks ago and talked with many of our friends and allies in Europe about energy policy, and I learned something there that I wasn't expecting to learn. Over the last 20 years, they have been advancing beyond the United States in shutting down coal-fired power and investing in renewable energies and those kinds of things, reducing the amount of coal that they had in their energy portfolio. When we talked energy policy with many of our friends there, we learned that a lot of those countries, some of those countries are increasing their mix of coal-fired power in their energy profiles, and when we asked them why, they said our ratepayers are simply unwilling to bear the burden of the high cost of providing energy to their homes and to their businesses. Europe has learned this lesson, that coal-fired power is still the most reliable, affordable energy on the planet.    Do we need to keep our air clean? Absolutely we do. Do we need to keep our water clean? Absolutely we do. Dr. Paulson, you made some impassioned comments about the health implications. Not everybody, though, Dr. Paulson, agrees with some of the statistics that you said. For example, today the average life expectancy in the United States is 80 years, one of the highest in the world. There's a New York Times article that came out October 8, 2014, that said a child born in America today will live longer than at any other time in history, and these are scientists saying this. That report came from the Centers for Disease Control.    In the USA Today on April 9, 2015, it cites an EPA report says the EPA reports that are our air quality has substantially improved, aggregate emissions of common pollutants have decreased 62 percent between 1980 and 2015. It goes on to say it is unlikely that cleaner air is causing an increase in asthma.    So, you know, what I have to wrestle with, and I think what the American people are wrestling with is, when is enough enough? When does it become--when does the scale tip towards irresponsibility to continue trying to cripple the American economy and eliminate opportunities for millions of Americans just to move the CO<INF>2</INF> emission needle a smidgen?    Folks, I submit that we have reached that breaking point. We've passed that breaking point. There are serious legal questions to the EPA's jurisdiction and their legal basis for their Clean Power Plan, and I think it's something that's got to be seriously considered by this body and by the American people.    Let me get to some specific questions. Mr. Kovacs and Mr. Eisenberg, by the year 2030, the EPA believes their proposed Clean Power Plan will allow the United States to reduce carbon emissions from the power sector by 30 percent or below the 2005 levels, a roughly 17 percent cut from 2013 levels.    To achieve these reductions, EPA calculated a specific emissions rate for each state by totaling the CO<INF>2</INF> emissions produced by each State's electricity-generating units and dividing it from the total amount of electricity generated by the EGUs. Then the EPA proposed emissions reduction targets based on the carbon intensity of each state's electricity sector.    My question to you gentlemen, do you believe the proposed performance standards are achievable? Mr. Kovacs?    Chairman Smith. Mr. Eisenberg, thank you, and Mr. Johnson as well.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, is recognized.    Mr. Chair, in his testimony, Mr. Eisenberg cites a study, a study released by the National Association of Manufacturers last September, I believe. It's titled ``The Cost of Federal Regulation to the United States Economy, Manufacturing and Small Business.'' According to the study, regulations cost the economy $2 trillion in 2012. Now, fortunately, a review of that study was done. The results of that study indicate clearly that that number is not accurate and that number is based on a flawed analysis.    I have here in front of me a review of the National Association of Manufacturers study by Professor Kolstad from Stanford University. Professor Kolstad in this study was asked to grade it and gave it a C minus. In his review of the study, he states that the--and I quote--``study reads as an advocacy document. The authors focus only on the costs of regulation, ignoring the benefits. The authors also don't follow the standard in academic practice of discussing uncertainties in their analyses and their results are highly uncertain. All of these factors make it difficult to determine the quality of the responses and lead to the conclusions that the results are unreliable.''    Mr. chair, I ask that--by unanimous consent that the review of the National Association of Manufacturers' study be entered into the record.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Tonko, and the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, is recognized--oh, I'm sorry. I skipped over Mr. Loudermilk from Georgia.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk. I appreciate that.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, is recognized for questions.    Chairman Smith. Mr. Kerr, I think that's a good idea. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Neugebauer.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Weber, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Weber, and the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. Thank you----    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Palmer, and if you would give us a document to put into the record as well.    Mr. Moolenaar, the gentleman from Michigan, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Moolenaar.    Before we conclude, Dr. Paulson, I was going to mention to you that we contacted the Assistant Director of the Capital Power Plant, and he confirmed that whether it burns natural gas or coal, the smoke is still white, and while I certainly have sympathy for any child who's gotten asthma, you might want to check with the doctor about his statement that whenever the smoke turned black, the asthma became worse. I'm not sure that there's a basis for that. But I look forward to hearing more information about it as well.    Thank you--the gentlewoman from Texas.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me thank all the witnesses. I want to ask unanimous consent to put an article from the Scientific magazine in the record that speaks to the role of science and rulemaking process.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. We thank you all for your testimony today, very helpful, very informative, and we stand adjourned.