    Mr.  Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, again, I would like to express my appreciation to Chairman Luetkemeyer for holding these hearings and for his efforts to help us get ahead of this issue a little bit.    The National Flood Insurance Program is currently $23 billion in debt. That is about the clearest indication we can ever have that it is not working in its present form. And from the hearings that we have held so far, I am encouraged that at least every Member seems to be able to agree on that.    At one time, an HO-3 was said to have been the broadest, most inclusive form of insurance ever written. HO-3 standard homeowners insurance policy not only covered a lot of perils such as fire and wind at one time, it had liability coverage in it if your kid shot the neighbor with a bow and arrow, and theft provisions, and pretty broad. I don't know if that is still the case, still is considered to be the broadest. But the question I have is a historical one, if any of you could answer it, and that is, if flood was ever included in a standard property insurance policy before, homeowners or otherwise? Can any of you answer that question?    Mr.  Posey. Yes. Was the peril of flood ever before covered by, say, an HO-3 policy in the standard homeowners insurance policy, was it ever covered? And, of course, the next question is, when did it cease to be covered?    Mr.  Posey. So, at one time, it was covered?    Mr.  Posey. Do they cover earthquakes in California? Is that a standard covered peril?    Mr.  Posey. No. Okay. What do you think would happen if there was a small sentence added to legislation which said, ``If you cover any property which has a mortgage insured by the Federal Government, you shall not exclude the peril of flood from the coverage,'' what do you think would happen?    Mr.  Posey. I am not opposed to that concept for sure. But I must say that Citizens puts Florida taxpayers on the hook greater than any other risk ever known to those citizens of Florida. Had Citizens had as broad of coverage pre-2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons as it does now, Florida would probably be in as bad a financial state as Detroit. That is definitely not a real clear answer to have a government-owned insurance company being the largest one in the State with never enough reserves when you live on a hurricane-prone peninsula to cover innumerable losses. Fortunately, our States cannot just print more money and go into debt. They have to actually--they have a constitutional requirement to balance their budget. And they can't pull the escapades that the Federal Government can. So, anyway, I see my time has expired.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.