    Mr. Bridenstine. I am not going to comment. I love Nebraska too. All right.    General, the Secretary of Energy wrote to the Director of OMB that because of a recent Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, CFIUS, decision to not block a foreign company from buying a microchip foundry here in the U.S., NNSA will need a quarter of a billion dollars between fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2021 to mitigate the loss of this secure, trusted manufacturing capability.    I understand these capabilities are needed both for NNSA's nuclear weapons work as well as for its satellite programs. Since I am assuming this was the Mubadala Development Company out of the UAE , can you explain why CFIUS didn't block this transaction?    General Klotz. Thank you for the question. Sorry, I am glad we clarified it was from Oklahoma since my mom is from there.    Mr. Bridenstine. She sounds like a great lady.    General Klotz. Two things at first, and then I will get to your question. First of all, of course the responsibility for CFIUS falls to the Treasury Department, and our role in the Department of Energy and in the National Nuclear Security Administration is to provide technical advice for decisions that they are making. The second thing is that the specifics of this case we can raise in closed session.    Let me just say in general, however, you said something that was very, very important, and that is that a trusted supply of radiation-hardened advanced microsystems is extraordinarily important to the nuclear weapons effectiveness in our stockpile. There is sort of an assumption that radiation hardness is radiation hardness and that the radiation hardness for space systems also would apply for nuclear, but we have a much more stringent standard for that.    We have done much of our work in the area of both research and development and fabrication of radiation-hardened microelectronics at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque in a facility known as MESA, which I think stands for Microsystems and Engineering Science Application. It is a facility which, quite frankly, is long in the tooth, to go back to the chairman and the ranking member's comments, and needs to be recapitalized, and it is a facility which is using technology which, quite frankly, the commercial world has now gone beyond, for instance, using 6-inch silicon wafer processing as opposed to what is now the standard 8-inch.    So we have asked for $14 million in this year----    Mr. Bridenstine. Let me interrupt just real quick. Did DOE or DOD participate in the CFIUS decisionmaking process on this transaction?    General Klotz. Yes.    Mr. Bridenstine. And nobody recommended blocking it?    General Klotz. That, I can't go into here.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. But you do recognize that a quarter billion dollars is a lot of money to the taxpayer for this decision?    General Klotz. I recognize, I would state that having a supply of trusted radiation-hardened advanced microsystems is very, very important to the United States and to the nuclear weapons stockpile.    Mr. Bridenstine. So you cannot comment on how much it is going to cost?    General Klotz. No. For our specific piece of what we would do within the NNSA, as I said, we will spend money this year to complete analysis of alternatives to see where we go forward on the MESA project.    Mr. Bridenstine. But it will cost something. Do you know where that money would come from?    General Klotz. It will come out of the NNSA budget, to do the work that we do within NNSA.    Mr. Bridenstine. Have there been other CFIUS cases, for example, the decision to not block IBM's sale of its server business to China's Lenovo?    General Klotz. That, I don't know.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. We need to be very cognizant of these new liabilities for NNSA and the DOD.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.