    Mr. Holleman. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Tonko and other members of the committee for the opportunity to be here.    My name is Frank Holleman, and I live in Greenville, South Carolina. I am at the Southern Environmental Law Center, and we work with local citizens in the South concerned about their natural resources. A committee like this in Washington usually hears from representatives of Government agencies and trade associations. Today, I want to convey to you all the concerns of local people who want to see their communities prosper and their local rivers protected.    Let's look for a minute what we are facing in the Southeast. The utilities have dug unlined pits in wetlands and right beside our drinking water resources. They have put millions of tons of industrial waste containing toxics, like arsenic and lead, into these unlined pits, and they have filled them full of water. These millions of wet tons of waste are contained only by earthen dikes that leak. The toxic substances in this industrial waste leach into the groundwater, which then flows into the rivers and towards neighborhoods. This situation is made worse because most of these pits are decades old and their infrastructure is rotting.    We have had two catastrophic failures from this coal ash storage in the south, by TVA at Kingston, Tennessee, and by Duke Energy in the Dan River in North Carolina and Virginia. One local water system is being forced to abandon public drinking water wells. Fish have been killed in the hundreds of thousands. Property values of nearby landowners have been affected, and groundwater has been contaminated with substances like arsenic.    My main point is this today, that Congress should not take away from the--should not take away the rights of the local communities to protect themselves from this dangerous coal ash storage. The Congress should not leave the future of these people to Government bureaucracies alone. The citizen's right to enforce a new EPA rule is essential. Now what we have seen in the Southeast is clear: The State agencies have not effectively enforced the law against these politically powerful entities. Let me give you examples.    In South Carolina, where I spent virtually all of my life, it has been clear for years that unlined coal ash storage by our three utilities violate antipollution laws, yet no Government agency has taken action to force a cleanup. Local organizations instead enforce the law with the result today that all three utilities in our State are cleaning up every water-filled riverfront coal ash lagoon they operate in the State. And they are creating jobs. They are promoting recycling. And one of our utilities calls these cleanups a win-win for all concerned.    In North Carolina, nothing was happening to force Duke Energy, which has a statewide monopoly to clean up its coal ash lagoons. Local community organizations, not the State, had to take the initiative to enforce clean water laws. For the first time, North Carolina was forced to take action and confirmed under oath that Duke Energy is violating State or Federal clean water laws or both everywhere it stores coal ash in the State and, under oath, that this polluting storage is a serious threat to the public health, safety, and welfare.    Now a Federal criminal grand jury is investigating both Duke Energy and the State environmental agency. And as a result, Duke has pledged to clean up 4 of its 14 sites and to look at all the rest.    In Tennessee, TVA continues, after Kingston, to store coal ash in unlined polluting pits. Local citizens groups enforce the Clean Water Act and only in response to that pressure, the State of Tennessee has now confirmed, under oath, that TVA has been and is violating Tennessee environmental laws by its coal ash storage on the Cumberland River near Nashville.    In the South, we have seen that the people must have the power to protect themselves and to enforce the law. The citizen's right to enforce a new EPA rule is a principal reason to have hope that these minimum Federal criteria will play a role in cleaning up a legacy of dangerous coal ash storage in our Southeast. Thank you.    Mr. Holleman. Yes, Mr. Tonko. It has been a real tragedy, and how it happened illustrates how State enforcement and utility oversight by itself has not worked. And let me tell you why I say that.    The basic cause is the Dan River site is an old site. Like virtually everyone in North Carolina, you have these old pits. And somebody, in the course of constructing that site, had the bright idea of putting a storm water pipe under one of these coal ash lagoons. Back in the 1980s, Duke had received in its own files--and the State had this--a dam safety report warning them about this problem of having a corrugated metal pipe under a coal ash lagoon. And in subsequent reports, there were constant references to be sure you check this pipe, be sure you check this pipe, be sure you watch what is coming out of this pipe.    Well, instead, this old site, which, unfortunately, was built right on the banks of the Dan River, which is true of all these--most all these facilities, they are right on the banks of rivers, right upstream from a drinking water source--that pipe on Super Bowl Sunday, a year ago, broke, corroded, finally gave way and spewed coal ash and also 24 million gallons of coal ash polluted water into the Dan River.    Subsequently, Duke has said it has done all it can do, and it has removed less than 10 percent of the ash in that river, thereby declaring defeat. In other words, once one of these spills occur, they cannot clean it up.    Now, why were we even in a position that this should happen? Because we were engaging in the foolhardy practice of storing this industrial waste in a riverside lagoon, filled with water, held back by earth that leaked--earthen dikes that leaked with rotting infrastructure. Had that ash, as is happening in South Carolina today as we speak, had that ash instead been stored in a dry state, in a lined landfill like we require for simple municipal garbage, away from the river, this would never have happened.    In other words, these sites are engineered or not engineered to be as dangerous as possible. The shocking thing is, the Dan River site is the smallest coal ash site that Duke has in the State of North Carolina. In that sense, in some odd way, we were fortunate.    Mr. Holleman. Well, just take the Dan River for example. The State had never required a cleanup. In fact, believe it or not, 6 months before the spill, in response to a notice a citizen sent, the State was forced to file a lawsuit. Six months beforehand, it stated in writing in a public must filing under oath that Duke was violating State and Federal clean water laws at that site and that if those things were not corrected, it was a serious threat to public health, safety, and welfare. And not one thing was done in the ensuing 6 months to get the ash moved out of that site. That is one illustration.    Mr. Holleman. Right.    Mr. Holleman. It is a good--is my microphone on? It is a good question, but we are really talking about two entirely different things. Citizens have a right--have the right under Federal and State statutes to comment on, to be present at hearings, as you saw as a State commissioner, in determining whether a permit is put in place or what regulation is adopted. That is true. That is not what we are talking about.    We are talking about once your commission, or in our State environmental commissions, put in place a permit or regulation and then the utility violates it. After the public has had input, they just violate it; they don't comply. And then the State agency, for whatever reason, which we have seen repeatedly, refuses to enforce the very permits, laws, and regulations that had been produced through this public comment period. So it makes it pointless.    You go comment. You go through this process, which is important, as you say, but then the very State government that put this in place refuses to enforce what the citizens participated in creating.    In fact, in our State, our public service commission, which held hearings on this topic, one of the commissioners expressed shock that Duke had not yet moved its ash from one of the sites that was present there and was not complying with the permit and regs that our State regulatory agency put in place.    Mr. Holleman. No, he did not.    Mr. Holleman. Well, no, it is in the hands of the people. The people who are taking this enforcement action are local community people going to their local State or local Federal courthouse. These are people that live next door to you and me. These are people in the community. They have to be to even bring this suit.    Mr. Holleman. As long as you all don't fool with or mess with the citizen's right to sue under RCRA, we still have that right to sue. And the citizens have the right to go forward and see that the law is enforced, but if you were to affect that, you are taking rights away from the people and saying they belong only to a bureaucracy which may or may not act for political----