    Mr. MESSER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the entire committee. I appreciate this process today, allowing Members of the body to come forward with legislation and testify and, of course, give a voice to the people we represent.    I rise today in support of what I believe is a modest proposition that will make a big difference for schools all across America. You know, whatever you think of the President's health care law, it wouldn't be fair that we would be paying for that health care law on the backs of schools across this country. And if we really care about our kids, we need to do something about it. And that is what my bill does.    It is called H.R. 769. It is the School Act. And it very simply exempts K through 12 schools, institutions of higher learning, and state and local education agencies from the requirements of the President's employer mandate. The handout that I have before you highlights the impact of this bill--this problem in districts all across this country.    We have had hearings both out in the field and in the Education and Workforce Committee highlighting the very real impact for schools. One witness that testified in the hearing last year said that the President's employer mandate would have a $4.6 million impact in their school district. I have had districts--or school districts in my congressional district that have shown impacts as high as 300, 400, up to $1 million dollars.    And of course, the real challenge when this happens in cash-strapped times is that the kids and instruction are being impacted, as well. It is a problem that this Committee knows well, that when the mandate within the law was set at the 30-hour threshold, employers across America were required to push employees below that threshold or release them all together.    We have, as an institution, through the Hire More Heroes Act, the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters Act, addressed this problem for other groups. And I think it is important that we address it for schools.    Thank you, I yield back.