    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to echo the words for Ray Baum and I would say, with apologies to the rest of the staff, I don't know of a more professional hard-working leader that we have had in Ray over the last 5 years. He has helped set the standard. We work as a team on both sides of the aisle. Yes, of course, we disagree from time to time on certain issues but we are not disagreeable and he has set that bar and we really appreciate his very hard work. I knew about his background before and he has been an integral cog in all that we have done and we all appreciate that friendship and professionalism from Day 1.    Chairman Wheeler and members of this committee, welcome back for sure.    Last November, the House did pass by a voice vote H.R. 2583, the FCC Process Reform Act, a testament of our bipartisan commitment to solidify the FCC as a model of openness, transparency, and collegiality. This committee has pursued FCC process reform on a bipartisan basis, going back to the 112th Congress, and I am proud of our continued efforts to improve the function and transparency of our government.    Underscoring the need for this legislation are, of course, the continued reports of process failures and divisive partisanship at the FCC. The FCC is the steward of one of the most vibrant and innovative sectors of our national economy. Significant matters remain before it and the stakes are certainly high. The communications and technology sectors are among our nation's most precious economic assets, the pinnacle of innovation and something that we should be rightly so proud of.    Given the stakes, two of our FCC's most recent proposals are cause for concern. The chairman recently presented his colleagues with a proposal to impose new requirements on the video subscription market and a new privacy regime for internet service providers. These proposals have the potential to harm the very sectors that they are attempting to preserve and stimulate. The Commission should look with a skeptical eye at calls to regulate part of a market at the request of competitors.    And as the chairman seeks to implement what is likely the final year of his agenda, it is no less important now that matters are addressed through a process that is open and transparent, informed through robust debate, and resolve through bipartisan compromise. These were procedures that once set the FCC apart and should be returned to. It is only through this approach that we can avoid uncertainty and the threat to investments.    And I yield to Mr. Latta, Blackburn, and Cramer.