    Ms. Brooks. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to testify on behalf of the Department of Housing and Urban Development regarding the Best Places to Work in the Federal Government.    I became the chief human capital officer for the Department of Housing and Urban Development in 2015 and have been a member of the Senior Executive Service since May 2009. As CHCO, I lead HUD's Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer and oversee implementation of the Department's human capital management strategies, policies, and initiatives in support of HUD's mission.    HUD's mission is to create strong, sustainable, inclusive communities and quality affordable homes for all. It is our nearly 8,000 employees who carry out the Department's mission on behalf of millions of hardworking American families in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, U.S. territories and the four insular areas every day.    The link between an employee's engagement and mission accomplishment is well documented in private and public sector research, as well as in HUD's own experience. When we use employee engagement as a measure of success for the Department, we make HUD a better workplace and in turn improve outcomes for the American people.    The best available measure for employee engagement in the Federal service is the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey. In 2015, HUD was recognized by the Office of Personnel Management as the most-improved agency for employee engagement and by the Partnership for Public Service as the most-improved midsized agency on their annual Best Places to Work in the Federal Government index.    The Department improved its EVS scores on 69 out of 71 questions, with an average increase of nearly 5 percentage points. Two indicates significant movement. Notably, our employee engagement score rose to 61.8 percent, HUD's second-highest mark since OPM began keeping records and just short of our all-time high in 2012.    HUD also was the most-improved agency in the government on the ``New IQ,'' a measure of workplace inclusion and empowerment. HUD increased a full 5 points, while the government overall only increased 1 point. Employees ranked their leaders and supervisors 6 percent and 5 percent higher than the prior the year, and their overall view of their jobs improved 5 percent.    And a record number of employees filled out the survey. HUD achieved its highest participation rate on record, as 74 percent of its employees took the survey. In 2014, HUD's level of participation was just 51 percent.    HUD's improved employee engagement scores are due in large part to the commitment made by HUD's most senior leaders. Secretary Castro and Deputy Secretary Coloretti have made employee engagement a sustained priority, and they have shown employees that their feedback is taken seriously. The Secretary and Deputy Secretary placed a strong emphasis on responding to employees' requests through HUD's internal social media tools, including HUDConnect, which provides ways to directly solicit and receive employee feedback. They also prioritize meeting with employees in HUD headquarters and in its regional and field offices and through regional town halls. In addition, the Deputy Secretary is carrying out an ambitious management agenda through a series of collaborative deep-dive projects aimed at strengthening the Department.    We also attribute HUD's increase in employee engagement to proactively sharing the 2014 and 2015 EVS results with employees. We provided opportunities to all HUD employees to access and interpret the EVS results. In particular, we provided detailed briefings for managers, identifying not just areas of strength and opportunity, but appropriate peer offices for comparisons and sharing best practices. As a result, managers were able to learn more about the experiences of their career employees, not just at the agency level, but often at the individual office and division levels. These steps have led to real change in our various program offices.    In conclusion, currently HUD is engaged in a planning process that ensures employee engagement will remain a priority in 2016 and beyond. OCHCO is continuing to provide all HUD employees with access to HUD's EVS data so they understand the opportunities and challenges in their work unit and how the changes they make contribute to HUD's ability to meet our mission.    I've served 26 years in the Federal Government, and I know from experience that having a committed workforce is essential to delivering the best service to the American people. One of the most important measures of the quality of a Federal workplace is engagement of its employees. As such, while managing OCHCO operations, I have also championed leadership development, diversity and inclusion, and employee engagement.    HUD's employees are essential to fulfilling our mission. Their success is HUD's success, and I'm proud to serve them and the American people.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Brooks. Leadership involvement and looking at the data and understanding the data.    Ms. Brooks. Yes.    Ms. Brooks. Yes. First and foremost, we wanted to make sure that we had full participation from employees, so we got the participation up so we could have the data. And then we had all leadership involved to be able to look at the data and metadata available to everyone. And we broke the data down to--for every organization within HUD and had employees at every level to be able to look at the data and broke it down into engagement plans for every organization.    Ms. Brooks. And I think that was the biggest gain for our organization was to be able to look at the data, understand it, and act on it.