    Ms. Garza. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Vice Chairman Farenthold, and Members of the Judiciary Committee and the Subcommittee. It is a pleasure to testify in support of the SMARTER Act as the former chair of Congress' Antitrust Modernization Commission. That Commission was a 12-member bipartisan, blue-ribbon panel comprised of six Democrats, five Republicans, and one independent. It was a bipartisan panel. We were an engaged group of experienced practitioners, several former enforcers and zealous advocates of strong antitrust enforcement, including a former general counsel of the Federal Trade Commission during the Clinton administration, and two former heads of the Antitrust Division during Democratic administrations.    So I wanted to put that out there. It is not in my opening statement, but I wanted to be clear that we were Congress' committee and we were structured to be bipartisan, and that is the way that our recommendations came out.    The AMC made three recommendations, each of them with bipartisan support, that relate to the subject matter of this hearing, which is creating greater parity between the DOJ and the FTC with respect to merger enforcement.    One recommendation was that the FTC should adopt a policy that when it seeks to block a merger, it should seek both a preliminary injunction and permanent relief, and consolidate those two into a single hearing as long as agreement can be reached between the enforcement agency and the parties on an appropriate scheduling order. All of the commissioners joined in that recommendation, with the exception of one Democrat, so five Democrats joined in that recommendation.    Second, the AMC recommended that Congress should amend Section 13(b) of the FTC Act to prohibit the Federal Trade Commission from pursuing further administrative litigation if it lost its motion for a preliminary injunction. One Democratic Commissioner declined to join on the basis that, at the time, the FTC had adopted a policy statement saying that it would rarely actually pursue administrative proceedings after losing a preliminary injunction motion.    I should say that that policy statement, which was in place at the time of the AMC vote, was revoked. This was the Pitofsky rule that Mr. Lipsky refers to in his testimony, and I do in mine.    Third, the AMC recommended that Congress act to ensure that the same standard for the grant of a preliminary injunction apply to both the FTC and the DOJ. Five Democrats joined in that recommendation.    The SMARTER Act accomplishes the objectives of each of these recommendations. The premise of the AMC recommendations and the SMARTER Act is very simple: Mergers should not be treated differently depending on which agency happens to review it. The regulatory outcome should not be determined by an agency flip of the coin.    I would like to emphasize that this is not anti-enforcement legislation, at least not by the lights of the AMC. We regard it to be pro-enforcement. We regarded that legislative change was important to maintain consensus about the value of a strong enforcement regime and that a perception of unequal or unfair treatment undermines that consensus.    Chairman Goodlatte had this in his statement, but I want to read the carefully crafted words of the Commission in explaining its recommendation. ``Parties to mergers should receive comparable treatment and face similar burdens, regardless of whether the FTC or the DOJ reviews the merger. A divergence undermines the public trust that the antitrust agencies will review transactions efficiently and fairly. More importantly, it creates the impression that the ultimate decision as to whether a merger may proceed depends in substantial part on which agency reviews a transaction. In particular, the divergence may permit the FTC to exert greater leverage in obtaining parties' assent to a consent decree.''    In closing, I would like to say that no one on the AMC believed at the time, and I do not believe today, that this legislation would make it difficult or impossible for the Federal Trade Commission to do its job. The Justice Department has done very well in pursuing its merger enforcement agenda working with the standards that apply to it. And I firmly believe that the Federal Trade Commission can do so as well. Thank you.    Ms. Garza. Congressman, I think the FTC can be equally effective, and they have shown themselves to be in a number of cases.    The way it works now is that after investigating a transaction pursuant to the HSR Act, as Mr. Clanton has mentioned, after undertaking discovery and investigating for 3, 4, 6, 8, 12 months, the Justice Department then generally goes to court, if it believes there is a problem. And it produces its evidence and has been successful in a number of cases in proving its case or in extracting a consent judgment from the parties that it feels adequately addresses the issues.    There is no reason why the Federal Trade Commission that has the equal ability to get the same discovery for the same length of time cannot do the very same thing, go into a Federal court, prove that a merger is anticompetitive, and prevail in that way.    All we are talking about here is basically giving the parties a chance to actually have that day in court. The concern is that the deal will not hold together. The concern is that the FTC has the ability and has been exploiting the process to try to win, not by the merits but by the process, and that is a problem.    Ms. Garza. Representative Johnson, there was a time when, I can honestly tell you, we seriously discussed coin flips when I was at the Justice Department.    The issue is that, by and large, the FTC and the DOJ have concurrent jurisdiction to review a merger.    Ms. Garza. Not exactly. There are some industries that tend to be looked at by one agency.    Ms. Garza. I am not sure I caught all of that. But what I would suggest to you is that it is not always----    Ms. Garza. I probably don't agree with you on that. But I would ask you the question of why should one industry like the paper industry be subjected to a different standard than, I don't know, another industry, like the pharma industry.    The problem is, if you are going to have two very diametrically different processes, Congress should consider, well, is there a reason why one industry--let's just assume, for the sake of argument, that----    Ms. Garza. Okay, I don't want to do that either. I can follow up in writing.    Ms. Garza. So it is clear that there is a perception that there is a disparity. We heard that over and over again in testimony before the Commission, and it was something that the commissioners believed. As I mentioned, a lot of our commissioners are very experienced both in the government enforcement side and the advisory side.    I believe that if you sat down in a bar with folks over at the DOJ and the FTC and have a discussion with them, they would agree with you, too.    The fact of the matter is that in one case, if I am at DOJ, I am able to count on, if I want to, being able to have a day in court. I know that the DOJ is going to agree to do a consolidated preliminary injunction, permanent injunction hearing. It is going to take a while. It could still take more than a year, which is a long time to hold a deal together, but I know that I am going to get a hearing. There is some certainty.    If I am at the Federal Trade Commission right now, I know that I am going to go through that same very lengthy investigation process, and then I am going to go to court where they are going to seek a preliminary injunction, and I would argue to you that if it is in the District of Columbia where a lot of these cases are going to be, I am going to have a deferential standard applied, whereas Rich Parker described it last year as sort of if it is a tie, the tie goes to the FTC, unlike with the DOJ. The DOJ actually has to prove its case.    For the FTC, arguably, all they have to do is get to a tie, and then that gets them to an administrative hearing with several months more with an ALJ who is an FTC employee, and then possibly to an appeal to the Commission that issued the complaint, and then possibly back to the court, which applies a deferential standard. That is a difference in process.    Ms. Garza. I don't think I understand the premise of the question. Both the DOJ and the FTC follow the same merger guidelines that they have jointly developed and issued. It is not clear to me what innovative approaches anyone has in mind with respect to mergers, but to the extent that there are any, it is not clear to me why the DOJ would be less well placed to pursue them than the FTC.    Ms. Garza. But then again, what you are suggesting is that--you still have the role of the court, of the FTC, in deciding whether or not there should be a preliminary injunction. So there is the issue of whether they should have a lesser standard. Then it goes to a single ALJ, which is an employee of the FTC.    The question is, why would the ALJ be in any better position to assess a merger than any of our judges that we have?    Bert talks about the difference between a generalist court and a specialist court, but the problem, I think what people perceive, is that what you are really setting up is a system where you get a lower standard for a preliminary injunction, and then it goes to a judge who is an employee of the Federal Trade Commission, and then it goes to the Commission that issued the complaint in the first place.    I am not aware of any evidence such suggests that somehow or other that ALJ is in any better position than would be a district court judge in the District of Columbia or any other district to consider the arguments and the evidence that the DOJ or the Federal Trade Commission would put forward as to why a transaction would be anticompetitive.