    Dr. Hunt. That is not correct. I'm not sure where you got that information.    Dr. Hunt. Presented where?    Dr. Hunt. I don't believe that, and I have never said that, and I don't--no.    Dr. Hunt. It could be. I would have to look at it. I'm not sure.    Dr. Hunt. I give presentations on that often.    Dr. Hunt. But I would like to see it because it certainly is a misinterpretation of what I believe and, I suspect, what I said.    Dr. Hunt. I believe that medications should be used for conditions they're indicated for, and psychiatric medications are not indicated for Gulf War illness, per se.    Dr. Hunt. I think the most--25 years ago, what was going on with me was, I was starting to see people coming back in 1992 and 1993, coming back from the war, and the things that they were saying when they came back were not, ``I have Gulf syndrome'' or ``I have a mystery illness.'' What they were saying was: ``I'm not doing very well. I'm having a lot of trouble. I'm having trouble at home; work's not going well. I can't do my PT for Reserves--Guard and Reserves,'' and so on.    And our response to that was to set up a clinic for returning combat veterans that really was looking at the various ways that the deployment impacted their health: how it impacted their health physically; how it impacted their health psychologically, emotionally, spiritually; how it affected their families. And we came up with a model of integrated care to support Gulf War veterans. It became the Gulf War Veterans' Clinic.    That eventually morphed into what we call in the VA Deployment Health Clinics, or turned into what we call a Post-Deployment Integrated Care Initiative. I have never--the first veterans that came back, I would not have said, ``This is in your head,'' or ``I think this is a mental condition.'' I would have said: ``You're having trouble. I don't know exactly what all is going on, but I know you've been off to war. I know you've been exposed to a lot of things. I know you've had some very difficult experiences, and let's see what we can do to get you back on your feet.''    I've had an eye on two things. One is the sort of research that Dr. Golomb and Roberta and Lea Steele have been trying to do to figure out what's the cause of this Gulf War illness that's very discrete. Clearly, we have higher rates of these symptoms and this problem in Gulf War veterans than any other cohort I've ever seen.    The research is important. At the same time, we had to have a way of helping people, and so our clinical focus has been: How can we help you get back on your feet? By providing you with integrated--good integrated care that includes symptom management, that includes medications when they're appropriate, that includes--    Dr. Hunt. They are effective in the treatment for indicated conditions. If a person--one of the problems we had--and Anthony, I was thinking about this when you were talking as well--if--because of the suicide issue, if we see Gulf War veterans that have unexplained symptoms or Gulf War illness, they may also have concurrent or co-occurring depression, and they are at risk for suicide, and so it's very important that we don't look at this as either/or, and if a person has a mental health condition, that they get appropriate treatment, which--    Dr. Hunt. I would not say that.    Dr. Hunt. I would not say that.    Mr. Huelskamp .--you disagreeing with that.    The last thing, I want to ask a question of Dr. Cory-Slechta. In your recommendations, you do suggest no further studies should be undertaken on cause-and-effect relationship because you don't have definitive and verifiable individual veteran exposure information. Is that correct? Is that your recommendation?    Dr. Hunt. The other important thing for the Committee to know is that our approaches to more proactively addressing exposure concerns following deployment are sort of demonstrated very clearly through the airborne hazard and open burn pit registry. Now, when folks come back from Iraq and Afghanistan, they can go online; they can document their symptoms, their concerns, their exposures. It goes into the clinical record. They come in, and they have an exam, so we're really starting the moment people come back to look at potential sequelae.    Dr. Hunt. And that's why engaging people in care is so important, too, because the best way to pick up malignancies is to have people involved in regular care so--