    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman, and no apology necessary.    I just really want to commend you both on the work you do. What you do is so important. I do not think often enough we give enough attention to programs, the volunteer programs that you oversee and also the challenge of doing them properly. And I am reminded sitting here today, whether it was de Tocqueville to David Brooks recently talking about the importance of community and the breakdown of community in the United States and how important these nonprofits, community groups are to the fabric of America. So thank you for what you do.    I want to talk little bit about--well, first I want to follow what Mr. Polis said. In California, of course, we had similar instances where your services and your grantee services have been very helpful in natural emergencies and now with the drought. With wildfires, I hear the same thing. So thank you for that.    But I want to talk about both proportionality that Mr. Courtney brought in, that all the good things you do and, you know, this might go in one of those categories where no good deed goes unpunished in terms of your proper oversight given the overall proportion of good work that most of your grantees are doing and your oversight, but also sort of the right investment.    So, Ms. Spencer, you mentioned in your comments under strengthening risk-based monitoring, ``In the spirit of continuous improvement, we are implementing additional steps to increase the effectiveness of our oversight and monitoring,''--and I want to sort of emphasize that word ``effectiveness''--then you go on to say, ``as part of our continued effort to incorporate best practices in our risk management.'' So there is, coming from the private sector--I know that industries, whether it's their insurance or just good management practices, you know, for instance in the construction industry, a certain proportion of your overall budget is going to be waste or theft. I was in the restaurant business. You did not want anybody stealing from you, but you did know that there was a point where there was diminishing returns on what you spent to make sure you bring it to zero.    So that is what wanted to ask you. As you look at your risk management and, sort of, industry best practices, given that you are dealing with nonprofits, given that you are dealing with nonprofits who do not have a lot of administrative overhead, and you are trying to encourage volunteerism, is there sort of an accepted--or do you--knowing that particularly in areas where you know that there is going to be a certain amount of public and political consequences if you don't get it to zero, what is appropriate?    And I think back at my time in the California legislature wherein the previous governor spent so much time on waste and abuse in the food stamp program, we actually found out that we were spending too much and it was affecting our participation rates. So somewhere in there, it is sort of the right porridge. Is there a best practice when you come to your profession/industry?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Uh-huh.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Uh-huh.    Mr. DeSaulnier. If I could--    Ms. Spencer.--much more than we--    Mr. DeSaulnier. Yeah, I am sorry to interrupt, but since I have limited time, I did want to suggest that you want to get to zero and I think you have done a great job of that.    Mr. DeSaulnier. But at some point from a business model, there is diminishing returns where you are spending so much, where you, sort of, have to go upstream, which I think you have done.    Mr. DeSaulnier. So it is more--less on the subjective point. We are more of the objective. We are spending X-amount of dollars to capture this much of fault.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Uh-huh.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Spencer, I am glad to hear you make--in response, that you don't want to accept waste and abuse. You did make a very bold statement that in your programs in Florida you had absolutely no fraud and no waste. That is a pretty strong statement to make, but I appreciate--