    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I ask unanimous consent that the ranking member's statement be entered into the record.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mrs. Davis. Over the last several weeks, we have received testimony from combatant commanders, from our service chiefs, from service secretaries. And they all have given us their best military advice, and it could not be more clear: the threats, as the chairman has noted, we face are real and growing.    Just this morning, attacks in Brussels claimed at least 26 lives, and dozens were injured. Our hearts certainly go out to the Belgian people as they recover from this horrific act of violence.    Secretary Carter, you have emphasized that the President's budget request centers on five key challenges: Deterring aggressive behavior on the part of a resurgent Russia and a rising China; containing the dangerous unpredictable North Korean regime; neutralizing Iran's malign influence; and defeating ISIL and other manifestations of violent extremism.    Unfortunately, in the midst of these challenges, we are searching for budget workarounds instead of fixing the underlying problem. The Department of Defense needs fiscal certainty to reliably perform critical missions and to maintain lasting superiority.    Secretary Carter, you have asserted that the fiscal year 2017 shortfall risk can be mitigated but that DOD needs a comprehensive long-term budgetary solution. We must remember the devastating harms inflicted by sequestration in the Budget Control Act caps. Years of budgetary standoffs leading to numerous threatened government shutdowns, one actual government shutdown, and congressional overreliance on continuing resolutions have combined to produce debilitating fiscal uncertainty.    Although it is unclear whether the House will pass a budget resolution this year, the resolution passed last week by the House Budget Committee raises more questions than it answers. The committee-passed resolution is nominally BBA compliant, but it would offer a net increase of roughly $18 billion to the defense base budget. It would do so by assuming that $23 billion of overseas contingency operations--what we call OCO funding--would be used for base budget purposes, but it would not increase the BBA top line of $74 million for OCO funding.    My first question is, which OCO beneficiary would end up paying the bill in this shuffle? Would the money come from the portion requested for DOD, that is, the warfighter? Would it come from the State Department, which also receives OCO funding to perform vital functions in contingency operations? Or would it come from both?    Chairman Price's budget resolution also poses another open-ended question. It appears to allow the chairman of the House Budget Committee to adjust OCO funding levels going forward on the basis of new information, which means that, at some point, supplemental OCO funding could be used to circumvent BBA funding levels.    The DOD, the Congress, has to make hard choices, especially when it comes to balancing force modernization with the very, very critical need that the chairman addressed: to sustain readiness. Would these issues become harder or easier if near-term OCO needs are supplemented by longer-term base budget requirements in fiscal year 2017? How would the DOD prioritize its needs if OCO funding levels are reduced within the BBA top line?    And, most importantly, what poses the greatest risk to national security, providing funding for base budget requirements at the level requested by the President or providing funding for near-term OCO requirements at least initially at levels lower than requested? We need to carefully consider Chairman Price's proposal and every other potential adjustment to the defense budget as we work to build this year's defense authorization bill.    We must also give the Department additional flexibility to reduce excess infrastructure and overhead, to phase out old platforms, and to adjust the healthcare and benefit structure. The President came to us with a budget that focuses on adapting to the threats that we face today and also one that follows the law by conforming to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, including approximately $582.7 billion in discretionary budget authority for the Department of Defense. So, now, we must uphold our end of the deal in Congress.    Thank you all for being here today. I look forward to your testimony.    And thank you again, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    The committee is pleased to welcome today the Honorable Ashton B. Carter, the Secretary of Defense; General Joseph Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; as well as the Honorable Mike McCord, the Comptroller and Chief Financial Officer of the Department.    Gentlemen, again, welcome to the committee. Without objection, your full written statements will be made part of the record.    And Mr. Secretary, you are recognized for any comments you would like to offer. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE; ACCOMPANIED BY HON. MIKE McCORD, UNDER     Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, thank you both for your extraordinary service to our country.    I wanted to go back for a second to the questions that I raised in the opening statement because I think we grapple with that here. And I know that we are going to be talking about OCO funding down the line, overseas contingency, and the Bipartisan Budget Act as well.    You stated, as you just did, equipment is one thing but well-trained personnel and leadership are quite another, and the latter do take time. And so we need to work this as best we can. In the statement I offered, what you have said quite, I think, clearly, that modernization and readiness of our force structure is where your tradeoffs are going in the budget process. And I am wondering, would the Department's tradeoff choices become harder or easier if OCO needs are supplemented by base budget requirements within bipartisan budget compliant top line? Is that helpful? What poses the greatest risk really to our national security, providing funding for base budget requirements at the level requested by the President or providing funding for near-term OCO requirements at least initially at levels lower than requested?    One of the things that I was just going to say, Mr. Secretary, that I know you have said so well here is that under the best of all possible worlds, we would be funding the base budget at the level that we need, including OCO for very specific oversea contingencies. But that is not exactly where we are right now. And we have to be certain that other budget requirements, whether it is in the homeland security, whether it is in--wherever that may be are also working well within our budget as we move forward.    Mrs. Davis. General Dunford, did you want to----    General Dunford. Congresswoman, the thing I would probably add is, you talked about modernization over force structure. And, frankly, this year, as we focused on capability enhancements, it was really as a result of 3 or 4 years of not addressing those and realizing that we were losing our competitive advantage against the peer competitors that I mentioned, the Russias, the Chinas, and even in this case of North Korea and Iran.    And we knew, were we not to make those capability investments this year, if you look out 3 to 4 or 5 years, we would not be where we needed to be. So, from my perspective, it isn't so much force structure over modernization; it is trying to get within the top line that we have the right balance between force structure and capability in today's force, with sufficient investment in tomorrow's force to make sure that the force that we have today that I am proudly able to say is the best in the world is the best in the world in 2021 and 2022.    And that is why I think the Secretary directed us this year to make a slight course and speed correction in terms of how we were investing our funds to get better balance between today's fight and tomorrow's fight.    Mrs. Davis. Yeah. And I think, Mr. McCord, as well, I think what may be understandable in terms of the defense budget isn't necessarily understandable to folks that are looking at their budgets in other departments, and that is partly where the rub comes.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Jones.