    Mr. Griggs. Thank you, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify on JOBS Act four. The work of this subcommittee to push forward the JOBS Act is a great achievement of Congress and a shining example of bipartisanship and statesmanship. However, there are issues that remain affecting private companies' view of the public markets today.    Capital formation and job creation are the NASDAQ's DNA. We brought the capital markets a trusted listing venue and the changed view that companies can go public earlier in their growth cycle, dispelling a common Wall Street perception about when companies should go public. NASDAQ recognized that while most companies wanted access to capital, investors also want access to companies at earlier stages of the growth cycle.    In the same vein, since the enactment of the JOBS Act, NASDAQ has created the NASDAQ Private Market (NPM). We established NPM to meet the unique needs and challenges of today's top growth companies.    Thus, NASDAQ, we feel, is uniquely qualified to speak about both public and private markets.    Four years have passed and the evidence is clear: The JOBS Act has successfully helped hundreds of companies to go public while generating new dynamics in the private space. In fact, 785 companies have gone public, leveraging the Emerging Growth Companies Act, and have raised over $103 billion to expand, hire, and compete on a global stage. And approximately 1,000 registration statements have been filed with the SEC confidentially.    From our vantage point, the JOBS Act has not resulted in diminished investor protection, an important outcome as you consider moving forward with reforms.    Without question, NASDAQ believes the most successful provision of the JOBS Act has been the ability for companies to file confidentially. This has been most evident in the increased number of IPOs in the biotech and life science sectors. Many quality companies have been able to work with the SEC to finalize their registration without public disclosure of their competitive proprietary information, and companies can better manage their decisions to go public as they evaluate market conditions.    Because confidential filing has improved the IPO process without decreasing investor protection, we believe Congress should go one step further and allow companies of all sizes to file on a confidential basis and also allow other types of registration statements to be filed confidentially.    So turning to some challenges that we see facing public companies today that I hear day in and day out from our listed companies, which create a negative light on entrepreneurship views of going public, for example, certain investors who accumulate long positions today are required to do public disclosures of their holdings, but there are no corresponding obligations for short-sellers to do so, even though the same policies of transparency, fairness, and efficiency apply.    We believe that some enhanced disclosure of short positions that matches disclosure for long requirements is warranted. From a company perspective, this lack of transparency has a real negative impact because it deprives a company of insights into trading activity and limits their ability to manage and engage with investors.    With respect to proxy advisory firms, we remain concerned that these firms do not always conduct their standard-setting in a fair and transparent manner. We are pleased that the SEC issued guidance regarding the use by investment advisories--advisors of proxy advisory firms, but it is apparent that much more work needs to be done here.    Last year, NASDAQ partnered with the U.S. Chamber on a survey of public companies' experience in the 2015 proxy season. Over 155 companies responded, and it is apparent that companies continue to have difficulty providing input to advisory firms or even having errors corrected.    Lastly, with respect to the PCAOB, public companies, especially smaller ones, face increasing auditing costs. While companies do not object to costs that provide equal investor benefit, the companies claim that some of these costs are the result of nonsensical, one-size-fits-all application of guidance and feel they are stuck because auditors claim that they must comply with the PCAOB. For these reasons, we believe the PCAOB should be required to establish an ombudsman's office as a resource for companies to bring up issues that they have.    So I want to commend the subcommittee for its continued work to help capital formation with the bipartisan passage of the last 15 capital formation bills, including the RAISE Act, authored by Representative Patrick McHenry and strongly supported by NASDAQ.    I also want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your leadership in offering an important bill, the Main Street Growth Act, to foster creation of venture exchanges. We certainly appreciate the discussion on this and we look forward to being a participant moving forward.    The subcommittee has asked NASDAQ to comment on the four proposals aimed at fostering capital formation, and I have done so in my written testimony. We are in favor of the efforts here and look forward to supporting them as they move forward.    Thanks very much for your time, and I appreciate the attention.    Mr. Griggs. Yes. NASDAQ is not very involved in Reg D offering. We don't feel that investor protection, though, as we have seen it, has been harmed in any way, so we are supportive.    Mr. Griggs. Sure. There were a handful of things in the JOBS Act, most notably the ability for companies to reduce the years of audited filings from 3 to 2. And I think market dynamics have taken over there and really the investment community has an expectation for 3 years, so companies--the overwhelming companies that we work with or talk to and the advice of their different parties who are taking them public have not taken advantage of that.    Really, if I had to go back to repeat a point, it really is the confidential aspect of filings that has been overwhelmingly well received across the entire community. There were concerns about whether 21 days was enough for the investment community to really understand the investment, and I think from the perspective that we hear, clearly it is, so that has done no harm whatsoever.    Mr. Griggs. Sure. That really started near the end of 2015, and I like to separate the market conditions versus companies' desire to go public.    As a statistic for you, in the first quarter of 2016 we received just as many applications for companies to go public as we did in 2015 first quarter. So there is still a very strong demand for companies to go public, but across all sectors right now, due to the overall public market volatility, I think it is very cyclical right now.    You have public companies. Their evaluations have come down. So we have seen across all sectors a general--again, I would call it more a cyclical freeze and companies going public. But by no means should this indicate there is not a desire to go public or a company that is still leveraging those key components of the JOBS Act.    So we do feel that there is going to be a bit of an opening here, hopefully in April, May, which will lead to a better second half of the year. But it is market conditions, not a regulatory issue.    Mr. Griggs. Yes. Absolutely. Especially with the dearth of availability to go public right now, we do see many, many companies take advantage of private placements as--it is a very large market, so it is very active right now.    Mr. Griggs. We don't have the specific data on that, but certainly any time you are going to raise money in a more liquid market the cost of capital is going to be lower, so private placements are not going to be as liquid, so that is the case.    Mr. Griggs. I will comment that NASDAQ, for the publicly traded community banks, we list over 90 percent of them on our marketplace so we have regular dialogue, and I would echo the comments that they are in a very difficult situation right now when it comes to helping small businesses, particularly with all the regulations that are faced, and they do--that group in particular questions the reason why they would go public today, and we all know that when they do go public they do get more capital to support businesses. So I think it is a crisis situation.    Mr. Griggs. Sure. I think our viewpoint on the most important aspects would be to start considering what it means once you are public and focus on some aspects that we find continually come up with companies about what the challenges are once you do go public. Because there is certainly the brand of going public has, over the years, taken some hits based on what the ``burdens'' are to be a public company.    So I did highlight in my testimony, I think, what we feel would be the most important ones would be to provide much more transparency on the proxy firms and what they are requiring companies to do. Companies looking at--are continually frustrated by the PCAOB and how they make ``recommendations'' to audit firms they are not really sure how to interpret, and so we do feel that much more clarity needs to be done in that aspect.    And then you look at how a company helps--or goes understanding who their investors are. There are rules in place that are--the requirement is to report long positions but nothing on the short side. And that has become much more prevalent in terms of how investors use shorts. Companies continually ask us to advocate for that.    So those three aspects, to us, would do a lot to help instill more confidence in the public market and going public.    Mr. Griggs. Yes. I really would go back to we see a very--have a very robust pipeline of companies that would like to go. And typically sometimes you can point to various sectors that have certain regulatory challenges. That is not the case today, so our view of it is much more a market condition than a regulatory condition because it is across all sectors right now where there just have not been IPOs.    But we have seen this in the past and we do feel very strongly that the second half of 2016 is going to be strong.    Mr. Griggs. Sure. If you look at a--    Mr. Griggs. Yes. So a very large part of being a public company is how you are going to communicate with your investors, and senior management dedicates quite a bit of time to doing that because it does help represent in the capital markets those who are either currently stock to raise, but also they want to raise more capital.    So today investors are required at certain levels to report that they are a long holder in the stock, and that dates back to the 1970s. If you look at a short position, companies by no means are saying that shorts are not valuable. They do provide liquidity to the marketplace and they are an important part of the investment community strategies, but there is no insight to a company about who those investors are that are short in the stock the same way there are for long positions.    So in the interest of transparency, companies feel to really communicate effectively to their shareholders, knowing who those investors are at certain levels the same way they know longs would be very valuable.    Mr. Griggs. I can't speak to that, but this is not a new issue with short--not knowing who your short positions are. This has been ongoing for quite some time.    But I think as you look at the rise of activist investors it has really come to fruition in the last several years. It has become much more common conversations we have with our companies.