    Mr. Roberts. Good afternoon, Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, other members of the committee. It is an honor to be here before you all here today.    I am Larry Roberts, acting assistant secretary for Indian Affairs. I'm a member of Oneida Nation of Wisconsin, so near your neck of the woods, Ranking Member. I want to begin by thanking of each of you for your dedication to Indian Country. I know that you visited the Navajo Nation and saw issues there. I want to say thank you to this committee for your leadership with the Fiscal Year 2016 budget and the resources that this committee provided because it is sorely needed throughout Indian Country, and we thank you for that.    The increase in successes in Indian Country are due in large part to the work of tribal leaders. Since 2008, our staff within Indian Affairs has decreased by approximately 1,600 employees. That's nearly 17 percent of our workforce within Indian Affairs. What we're seeing is that whether you're a direct service tribe or a self-governance tribe, tribal leadership is proving with the increased funding Congress is providing, they can deliver results. We've seen it in the reduction of violent crime. We've seen it in the reduction in recidivism, and we're seeing in our Tiwahe Initiative.    The President's budget is built in coordination with tribes through the Tribal Interior Budget Council. The President's budget, again, requests full contract support cost funding, and also requests that it be mandatory funding in Fiscal Year 2018. It includes an increase of $21 million to support TIWAHE objectives including additional money for social services, additional money for implementation of the Indian Child Welfare Act, improved access to suitable housing, and also job training and placement.    The President's budget includes investments for Native youth through increased funding for scholarships and schools like Haskell and SIPI, the United Tribes Technical College, and Navajo Technical University. BIE is focused on serving as a capacity builder and service provider to support schools and tribes in educating their youth. The budget proposes full tribal grant support cost funding for tribes which choose to operate their schools for BIE schools. And finally, the budget provides $138 million for construction of BIE facilities.    In terms of managing natural resources, we've heard from tribes about the importance of trust real estate services and increasing funding for that. And so, the President's increase requests approximately $7 million to address probate backlogs, title land and record processing, and database management.    We thank the committee for the Fiscal Year 2016 money to start the Indian Energy Service Center, where tribes can go to one location to get energy services from BLM, BIA, OST, and ONRR. That's being implemented now, and the President's request in 2017 continues that funding.    We're also working with tribes to promote cooperative management, and the President's request includes a $2 million increase to address subsistence management and Alaska issues. And finally, the President's budget request includes a $15 million increase to assist tribal communities in preparing and responding to impacts of climate change.    I know, Mr. Chairman, in this difficult fiscal climate we have budget caps. The President's budget overall, includes a less than 1 percent discretionary increase for the Department of the Interior, but a 4.9 percent increase for Indian Affairs. And so, we're really proud of the President's budget.    Within the Department as a whole, the National Park Service has the largest increase, followed by Indian Affairs. There are other agencies within the Department that are taking a decrease.    So, again, Mr. Chairman, we appreciate this committee's leadership on the budget. We are thankful for the 2016 budget. And we stand ready to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Roberts. Thank you, Chairman, for the question. We agree with you that it is unacceptable. We need to make sure all of these schools are inspected. We are making sure all facilities will be inspected this year. We are in the process of advertising job vacancy announcements for additional safety inspectors. We expect to have six new people come online.    Part of our overall reform of BIE, we will have a school operations division. That school operations division will look at this more proactively.    Mr. Roberts. Mr. Chairman, we're happy to provide quarterly updates. You have my commitment that we will have all inspections for the facilities this year. In terms of why those inspections did not occur, my sense is that some of that was probably due to vacancies, but I do not have the specifics on that.    Mr. Roberts. Thank you, Ranking Member, for the question. As part of the great work that this committee and the Congress did with the 2016 budget, we received an additional $10 million over and above the President's budget request. That $10 million was focused on taking proactive steps for tribal courts in Public Law 280 States like Minnesota, Wisconsin, Alaska, and California.    When we received that appropriation from Congress at the end of 2015, we worked within our budget to see how we could maintain the $10 million appropriated for this specific purpose, and we were able to refrain some of the funding because we do not disagree there is a need out there. The funding overall for law enforcement, for police officers on the ground, that has not changed. This $10 million is specific to tribal courts in Public Law 280 States.    The topline message, Ranking Member, is that for law enforcement, we did not take a decrease over what we asked for in the 2016 President's budget. Our request is actually $1.8 million over what we asked for in the President's 2016 budget. We tried to maintain the great work that this committee did. We just did not have time to maintain that full $10 million, but we do think there is a need there.    Mr. Roberts. The Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Mike Black, oversees operations of all of the regions within the Bureau of Indian Affairs. He will be the point of contact here.    You know, it embarrasses me that you have to raise these issues that should not even come to your level, quite frankly.    Mr. Roberts. And so, we will work with your staff to either get them solved as quickly as possible, or let your staff know, there is bigger issue here we are running into----    Mr. Roberts. Thank you for the question. My understanding, if we were to receive this money through the 2017 budget, is that we would continue to build upon the good work that we are doing with tribes. Tribes apply to the Department for grants for a wide variety of purposes addressing climate change. So it could be something like relocation that you have discussed, or it can be overall planning, that is how we are going to address these climate impacts we know are coming, or building capacity within the tribal governments themselves to address these issues.    With regard to your second question about how BIA is working with other agencies to address these issues, we have the White House Council on Native American Affairs. They have a subgroup on environment and climate. The subgroup is looking across agencies about how we can collaborate better between EPA, HHS, Interior, and other agencies that work in the environment field. That is one way we are working across agencies to make sure we are coordinated when we are providing services to Indian Country.    Mr. Roberts. The President's budget in Fiscal Year 2017 includes an increase request of a little under $17 million to provide broadband to BIE schools. And obviously when we provide broadband to BIE schools, that broadband is going to be accessible to the community where that school is located. And so, that is one step we are doing to increase broadband. I believe the FCC is also taking steps. Monty, is there anything you want to add in terms of broadband at BIE schools?    Mr. Roberts. Thank you for the question. We have had great success in working with the tribal communities on this recidivism reduction initiative. We are working directly with tribal leadership on how to implement it so it looks a little bit different at Mountain Ute than it does at Red Lake. The focus is working with tribal leadership to build those services to address recidivism itself.    We have been focused on reducing recidivism over the last 2 years. The early results show a 70 percent decrease in recidivism at one location, which is huge. I just saw Chairman Siki from Red Lake yesterday, and he really, really appreciates this committee's support and the Department's support in implementing the reduction in recidivism project there because it is giving them for the first time the tools to address these issues long term.    Mike, do you want to talk a little bit about specifics at any particular location?    Mr. Roberts. Thank you for the question. I do agree with you, it is unacceptable. I know that we need to work very closely with the school and the tribe right now because we have obligated the funding to them to start construction. Quite frankly, because there are so many schools in poor condition, we should be moving as quickly as possible. Dr. Roessel and myself are planning to reach out to the Beatrice Rafferty school to see what we can do to start moving this year. We should not be waiting until Fiscal Year 2017.    As to some of the lessons learned, I am relatively new to the school construction world, but it feels like we are going in fits and starts when we ought to be moving more in a streamlined fashion. And we should share with this committee our plan not only for the schools on the 2004 replacement list which are fully funded now, and we thank the committee for that, but also our schedule for the next 5 to 10 schools that need repair so that this committee knows and Indian Country knows what the schedule is moving forward. Let us lay out a strategic game plan to address this.    Kids cannot be in these schools. It is just unacceptable. And so, when Congress provides us the money, we need to work with tribes and move as quickly as possible to get that money working and new schools on the ground. Monty, is there anything you want to add in terms of lessons learned?    Mr. Roberts. Thank you, Chairman, for the question. We are exploring those opportunities. Kris Sarri from our Policy Management and Budget Office, principal deputy, is working directly with the Department of Treasury to figure out what options there may be. I do not have any updates for this committee today, but I know that our staff will be wanting to talk to your staff as soon as we do have some ideas moving forward, because it is an extremely complicated issue, and like you said, it is the Federal government's responsibility to fund those schools.    Where we struggle quite frankly is there have been other models out there which, you know, have provided bonds to school districts, for example. Obviously that raises a challenge here. But we do have someone that we have brought in on a temporary basis from the Department of Defense Education Office to assist us in looking at ways to fund these schools.    Mr. Roberts. Okay.    Mr. Roberts. I am happy to provide information. I am actually going to turn it over to Director Black. He is an engineer by trade, and road engineering is his background. I do know after talking with our transportation folks, for those roads that are already in good condition, the funding will cover the maintenance of those roads, so long as there are no catastrophic events, such as weather-related events. But roads are an extreme challenge for us, as well as housing.    But I am going to turn it over to Mike to provide a little more detail.    Mr. Roberts. So, Ranking Member, I will need to get back to you specifically on that question.    Mr. Roberts. But I will say on the list for campus-wide replacement, we had 10 schools that presented. I need to prioritize those schools in terms of the list. I hope to do that within weeks, not months. I understand that through negotiated rulemaking, the Department did not set the criteria for those lists, and that is why I need to get back to you about how they match up with GAO's list, because for the list of the 10 campus-wide replacement schools, a negotiated rulemaking process came up with the criteria. I hope to get the list out as soon as possible.    With regard to the Bug School, there is a whole other category of individual building replacements.    Mr. Roberts. In terms of the Bug School and talking with everyone that has either been there or our career folks who are responsible for inspections, they know of no other building out there in as bad a condition as the Bug School, that was never intended to be used as a school.    Mr. Roberts. Exactly. And so, on the facilities replacement list, I have asked my team for the information on individual buildings. We will use the money that this committee appropriated for facilities replacement to address a building in the very near future, and then we will need to work with Indian Country to come up with some sort of process to prioritize additional facilities replacement projects.    I am new to the negotiated rulemaking process that they put together so many years ago. In my mind, there were things that were not considered, like how many kids are being served by a particular school, or how close a school in very poor condition is to a new BIE facility. I think those types of things ought to be considered, but for this next 10 schools, for the campus-wide replacement, I am bound to follow the process that was part of the negotiated rulemaking.