    Mrs. Lowey. Madam Chairwoman, I join you in welcoming our distinguished witnesses. This is an important hearing, and I believe we all owe the thousands of U.S. personnel a debt of gratitude for combatting the deadliest Ebola outbreak the world has ever seen.    Last summer, it was a crisis spiraling out of control, taking lives indiscriminantly, seemingly dismantling governments and economies in the process. The fact that a mere 6 months later, we have not only prevented an explosion of infections around the world but bent the curve downward and are in a position to reflect on what we have learned is a testament to our expertise and the fundamental generosity of the American people.    While we were not alone in responding--and I hope we can discuss the important contributions of the global community and the affected countries themselves--USAID, CDC, and the Department of Defense irrefutably led the charge and set up the systems and practices for the rest of the international community to follow.    Liberia's President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said, ``We saw actual boots on the ground. You can't imagine the difference it made in the hopes of the people. It inspired them to do more.''    While we all hope the worst of this crisis is behind us, I am gratified that the administration and this committee remain focused on the work ahead as well as what lessons need to be learned to improve our response in the future. Clearly, the international warning system for disease outbreaks failed the people of Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea. We need to have faith that surveillance and alerts will provide enough warning to stay ahead of outbreaks before they spiral out of control.    I hope our witnesses can offer some insight on how the world fell behind in addressing the Ebola outbreak and what changes need to be made to make sure we do not face such a situation again. This crisis has reinforced that health systems are not a luxury but a necessity. They cannot be treated as an afterthought. Without a strong global health infrastructure, this could happen again. Too many first responders, the health workers in the affected countries, died serving their fellow citizens. International doctors and nurses cannot be a substitute for trained, resourced health workers who have the confidence and support of their local communities.    Lastly, we have shown yet again that we have the capacity within different agencies and departments to sustain a formidable and coherent response. I cannot remember an international crisis that required such seamless coordination of so many different parts of our government. I was pleased that the Congress provided $2.6 billion of the $2.8 billion requested by USAID and the State Department for Ebola response. It was not easy, but these resources were appropriated in recognition of the unprecedented nature of this crisis and the uncertainty of future needs.    However, I would strongly urge the administration to remain in close communication with this committee about plans for the use of funds. The initial plan sent to Congress last month has not inspired confidence, and I want to express my sincere hope that coordination will improve.    Again, I commend you and look forward to our conversation today. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, thank you, again. We have really been impressed with your leadership and, equally important, the results you have achieved. However, I think, from my perspective, I remain concerned with the weakness this exposed in the WHO that receives a contribution from our bill. On January 25, the WHO's executive board unanimously endorsed a resolution aimed at overhauling its capacity to head off and respond to outbreaks and other health emergencies. Clearly, we need a better system to react in a more effective and timely way.    Could either of you respond about what we have learned about the role of the WHO and what prevented it from acting? I know that Dr. Frieden is a member of the WHO's Executive Board. Is the CDC the agency within the United States Government that has been charged with seeking reforms that will make the WHO more effective, or does that fall under Secretary Kerry as the WHO is the coordinating authority for health within the United Nations system?    So how do we really ensure that, in the next outbreak, we have the emergency health workers, funding for the development of vaccines, and proper treatment regimes in place? And where does that fall within the responsibilities of WHO?    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much, gentlemen, for your wisdom, your service. We really do appreciate your experience. I have been concerned that, while we have stemmed the tide, some may think that the outbreak is over. Recent news reports suggest that there is an increase in new cases and that they were patients who had not been on the lists of people being monitored for possible infections. Dr. Bruce Aylward of the WHO said that, quote, ``Some of the new cases had emerged in people who had traveled far from their original points of infection, presenting additional complications on how to track all the people they might have infected and who now may be Ebola transmitters themselves,'' end quote.    So, with just a few months before the start of West Africa's rainy season, if the virus reemerges, won't it be more difficult, especially in remote areas, to identify, isolate, and treat patients? I would be interested in your plan. Do we have enough resources to put an end to this epidemic? And have all those who pledged assistance provided it? And I would also be interested with the resources that we have spent, have we put in place, with our partners, adequate local systems, to be able to respond?    Ambassador Browning. Let me ask my colleague, Mr. Konyndyk, to take the initial response on that.    Mrs. Lowey. thank you to my good friend, Madam Chair.    And welcome. We are so delighted to welcome our extraordinary Secretary of State.    But before I officially do, if I can ask for the indulgence of the chair, I would like to acknowledge the absence of our colleague from California, Barbara Lee, who is unable to attend this important hearing today. Barbara is a longtime member of this subcommittee and an advocate of so many vital issues that we deal with in this subcommittee.    As many of you know, she is not here today due to the recent passing of her mother, Mildred Parish Massey. And I just want her to know that our thoughts and prayers are with her and her family during this difficult time.    Thank you very much.    Well, Secretary Kerry, welcome back. You continue to represent our country with passion, dedication, energy, strength. I really do want to thank you for your tireless efforts.    Since you were sworn in 2 years ago, you have worked diligently on Middle East peace and Iranian nuclear negotiations; faced nonstop crises in Syria, Iraq, and Ukraine; consistently worked to counter terrorism and advocated for human rights and humanitarian needs.    Since the last time you testified, we have seen unspeakable atrocities committed by ISIL, terrorist attacks in the heart of Europe, multiple humanitarian disasters in Africa, devastating refugee crises even on our own southern border, anti-Semitism once again dangerously on the rise, and several countries on the brink of disintegration.    Diplomacy and development are needed now more than ever to address these challenges and countless other global priorities. And, again, I want to say we are fortunate to have a person of your intelligence and your caliber in this role today. Thank you.    I want to start with Iran. With the negotiations underway, I hope you can update us on progress made to narrow the gap since the last extension. We all agree we must make it impossible for Iran to make nuclear weapons, so I hope you will assure the members of this committee that any final deal will verifiably close all possible pathways to a bomb, dismantle crucial elements of Iran's current program, and ensure the IAEA access to Parchin. The final agreement must achieve these objectives.    Additionally, I would like your assurances that the United States will remain in close communication with our key allies in the region during the remainder of the negotiations.    I am also very concerned about any new funding for the Palestinian Authority, given President Abbas's unilateral actions before the United Nations Security Council and the International Criminal Court. I hope you will update us on your review of U.S. assistance, which, as you know, is intentionally conditioned to discourage provocative actions that undercut the peace process.    Has there been any movement at all toward renewed negotiations between the Palestinians and the Israelis? I know how hard you have worked and how committed you are to that process. Since Abbas has pursued action at the ICC, do you think it is even possible for the parties to get together to reach a deal?    With regard to Ukraine, I am pleased to see the request includes strong economic and security assistance to help counter Russian aggression. At the same time, I am very concerned about next steps should the current ceasefire unravel.    This year's request also includes funding for new initiatives in Central America and Africa as well as a multilateral fund on climate change, yet the request reduces humanitarian and disaster assistance by $750 million compared to last year's levels. I look forward to hearing your rationale.    I would also ask that you update this committee on our investments in health, women's empowerment, food security, and international family planning, all of which are vital components to our foreign policy objectives of improving lives, expanding economic opportunity, and enhancing our own national security.    Lastly, while an improvement over prior requests, this year's budget request again fails to prioritize international basic education. I know we agree that educated girls and boys better protect themselves from hunger, poverty, disease, and, ultimately, extremism. As you have heard me say before, we simply cannot build the world we want for ourselves and for future generations without education at the center of our efforts.    So I thank you again for your leadership, your commitment, your extraordinary hard work, and for being here today. Thank you.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much.    As you know, many of us have had many, many briefings on Iran, many of which are in a classified setting. So, obviously, the questions that I am going to ask do not include some items that have been discussed in a classified setting.    But we know that the United States is at a crossroads with Iran. The overall package must ensure we have closed all pathways to a bomb. You have said repeatedly that no deal is better than a bad deal.    I just want to make a couple of points, and then ask you to respond.    Can you assure us that a good deal includes the following: dismantling Iran's centrifuge infrastructure; dismantling its heavy-water facility at Arak and closing all covert options; containing strict verification--    Mrs. Lowey. The second one, dismantling its heavy-water facility at Arak and closing all covert options; containing strict verification and fully detailing the possible military dimensions of its programs; allowing full and unfettered access to any facility, including Parchin, Fordow, Natanz, and other facilities, military or otherwise; have phased-in sanctions relief to ensure compliance; and, last, no less than 15 years in duration.    It has been reported that the Supreme Leader has said, and I quote, ``I would go along with any agreement that could be made. Of course, if it is not a bad deal.'' This is, of course, the same Supreme Leader who repeatedly refers to Israel as the, quote, ``barbaric Jewish state'' that, quote, ``has no cure but to be annihilated.''    Many experts with whom I have spoken don't think that Khomeini is really capable of making a deal, but I know how hard and how focused you are in trying to make a good deal. And, again, you have said that no deal is better than a bad deal.    Do you really see any evidence that the regime is seriously interested in giving up its nuclear program and working with the international community?    You have indicated this is the last phase of negotiations and that the administration would not support another extension. You have just returned from Geneva. Is this still your assessment?    You have already stated that a good deal provides us at least 1 year to respond should Iran renege on the deal and break out. I still don't understand how we arrived at 1 year. Why is 1 year enough insurance for us, for Israel, for the region?    I know how hard you have been working on this issue. I, again, respect your commitment, your thoughtfulness. But if you could answer these questions, I would be most appreciative.    Mrs. Lowey. I just want to thank you very much. And, obviously, we could have a longer discussion, but I guess we have votes right now.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you.    Mrs. Lowey. I don't think we have time to discuss it today, but I would like to raise one point. I know Andy Lack was just appointed head of the BBG, a talented person, very capable. I know that you are investing $5 million, as announced by the President, in Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. We have failed. We have lost this war. And I don't get it. As a proud Member of Congress, as a proud American, I don't understand why we can't communicate more effectively.    I have been asking this question for a very long time. We are losing the public relations war. And while I think it is so important, we can't discuss it today. It is called the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. It is a $5 million program. We have $742 million in program done by BBG. Together, I think we should figure out how we can be more successful.    The President brought this up at the conference last week, and I would love to get a briefing and understand why we are losing this public relations battle.    Mrs. Lowey. Let me just say in conclusion, because we are not going to have the discussion today, Walter Isaacson is a pretty talented guy too. He headed it for a couple of years before.    Mrs. Lowey. We somehow have failed here, and I would be interested in having a serious discussion.    Mrs.  Lowey. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Welcome, Acting Administrator Lenhardt. As a fellow New Yorker, I welcome you to our subcommittee and I look forward to discussing the President's vision for development and global health.    We cannot build the world we want for ourselves and future generations without a strong, stable, and well-resourced development policy. USAID has spent the last several years endeavoring to rebuild itself as a premier development agency on the front lines of poverty reduction and disease eradication while leading international efforts to advance economic opportunity, health, education, food security, and democracy activities.    The efforts of you and your AID colleagues, made possible only by the continued generosity of the American taxpayer, make us all proud. With so many challenges around the world it is our responsibility to make sure that USAID has the tools to prioritize global needs, effectively implement its programs, and evaluate what is and what is not working. And when challenges arise, Congress and the Agency need to speak frankly on how to remedy them.    This year's request includes a significant increase for Central America to address the root causes and rapid increase in migration of unaccompanied minors. How does this initiative build on previous efforts in the region and to what extent are the Central American countries prepared to partner with you? I know we agree that our chances of success are significantly enhanced when local governments are fully engaged and prepared to contribute. I hope you will also address the long-term plan.    I understand USAID cannot nor should be present in every country in the world. Nevertheless, is this year's dramatic increase for Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia an attempt to make up for the fact that USAID has not been very active in Eastern Europe in recent years? Given Russia's continued provocation against Ukraine and its neighbors, is the requested assistance still adequate? How will USAID prioritize any new funding?    I was very pleased that the Congress provided $2.6 billion in emergency funding to help combat the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. The U.S. response continues to showcase USAID's ability to lead international humanitarian efforts, particularly during a time of crisis.    The outbreak also reinforced that robust national health systems are an absolute necessity and that without one in place crises are far worse, require far greater resources, and are likely to reappear. I hope you will address how we can build an appropriate health infrastructure to prevent another disease outbreak.    I also need to raise two additional issues. First, basic education funding. The fiscal year 2016 request once again cuts current levels despite widespread agreement on the importance of these programs to the United States and millions of children around the world. I hope you will commit to working with me on both the amount of resources and the quality of USAID's basic education programs this year.    The second issue is family planning. Giving women some measure of control over the size and spacing of their families has long-lasting benefits to them, their children, and their communities. I hope we can all work together this year to address this basic need without partisan fights and divisive policies.    In closing, as I have said before, the strength of USAID is and always has been its dedicated public servants from the top down. While I know we will all miss Administrator Shah's tireless efforts, I look forward to working with you and to building on the many endeavors started under his leadership.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs.  Lowey. Thank you.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, the Ebola crisis has reinforced how important functioning and capable country health systems are. They are important not just for the citizens of that country, but as Ebola has shown, they are important to the safety of U.S. citizens as well. I was glad to hear that the Liberian Government is planning their own initiative to rebuild their health system.    If you could share with us the current planning for the emergency fiscal year 2015 Ebola resources to focus on getting these countries' health systems at least back on their feet, if not better than they were before they were devastated by Ebola.    Number two, how are we building a focus on stronger health systems into all of our global health work? And how does having disease-specific funding impact work on cost-cutting issues like health systems? And lastly, how is the Global Health Security Agenda working to ensure that we are ahead of the next disease outbreak, and what role is USAID playing vis-a-vis other U.S. Government agencies?    Mrs.  Lowey. I yield.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much.    I join Chairwoman Granger in welcoming our distinguished person here today. Thank you so much for your service to our country.    I appreciate you coming before us today to present the administration's budget request for the coming fiscal year. As a former director of the Office of Management and Budget, you are keenly aware of the factors that go into the preparation of an annual budget proposal. It really is a statement of values.    The administration's fiscal year 2016 proposal calls for investments in research, education, training, and infrastructure. Instead of relying on the outdated and unrealistic budget caps under sequestration, the President calls for them to be replaced with more targeted spending cuts, program integrity measures, and the closure of some outdated tax loopholes. The budget rightly calls for an end to the mindless austerity of sequestration.    My colleagues may not agree with the administration's specific proposals, but I hope they can agree on the premise that a path forward must be found. We did it before with the Murray-Ryan plan, and we are going to have to do it again.    There is simply no way an appropriations process can succeed unless we put in place reasonable allocations that give these bills a chance of being enacted. Without such an agreement, discretionary funding would be at its lowest level as a percentage of GDP since the Eisenhower administration.    The President's 2016 budget request reflects the importance of our continued multilateral cooperation with international financial institutions, such as the IMF and the World Bank. It continues important efforts to address root causes of instability, poverty, poor health, lack of education, as well as continues to promote global economic growth.    Additionally, the President's budget continues to promote our own economic and national security interests while also making important investments in multilateral institutions, recognizing these are a cost-effective way to leverage taxpayer dollars.    To that point, I remain perplexed by some of my colleagues who continue to oppose quota reform for the IMF while simultaneously warning of the risk if the European financial crisis deepens or if a fresh regional economic crisis were to emerge surrounding Ukraine.    The IMF is an excellent tool to help stabilize struggling economies. It provides much needed protection of our own financial institutions in the event of a foreign financial emergency. Unless we support the IMF, I fear the potential effects on our economy would be far worse. I believe we need to maintain our leadership within the IMF, expand its lending capacity, and support the quota reforms.    While there are a myriad of issues we can discuss today, one I hope receives priority is global climate change. As we are all now beginning to better understand climate change, it is not just an environmental concern.    These important programs help reduce the instability caused by population displacement, address declines in global food supply, mitigate major shortages of water. A failure to provide for these priorities risks creating conditions for greater danger, failed states, and populations even more vulnerable to radicalization.    I look forward to hearing about the administration's efforts in the coming fiscal year as well as hearing an update on the effectiveness of prior funding.    Mr. Secretary, we have discussed before the fine work your Department has done in disrupting terrorist financing networks and enforcing sanctions against countries such as Russia, Iran, and North Korea. I continue to be impressed by the work of the Treasury Department and want to commend, in particular, the sustained implementation of these efforts as the backbone of our Iran policy.    I hope to hear what additional economic actions and sanctions the administration will seek if negotiations with Iran fail to yield an agreement permanently denying Iran nuclear weapons capability. Equally, your leadership is crucial in implementing two key prongs of the administration's response to the Ukraine crisis: economic support for Ukraine and sanctions against Russia.    With respect to Russia, I look forward to hearing more about what role our European partners will play in addressing the current situation. I would like to hear directly whether we should expect additional retaliatory countermeasures from Russia and, if so, what form those may take.    Lastly, I hope you will address recent concerns that have been raised about some donors providing loans instead of grants as contributions to multilateral institutions. The committee needs to understand what the implication of this trend is for the United States contributions to these organizations.    Thank you for being with us today. Our country, once again, is privileged to have your experience and thoughtful leadership.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you, Madam Chair.    While the Supreme Leader of Iran has said--and I quote--``I will go along with any agreement that could be made, of course, if it is not a bad deal,'' we have every reason to question Iran's real intentions, given their track record. This is, of course, the same Supreme Leader who repeatedly refers to Israel as the ``barbaric'' Jewish state that ``has no cure but to be annihilated.''    I am very concerned by reports of various European commercial delegations traveling to Tehran in eager anticipation of sanction relief in the prospect of doing business with Iran.    Have we weakened the resolve of the world community by providing sanctions relief in the interim deal?    Secondly, the administration has pledged to continue to strictly enforce existing sanctions in Iran, other than those relaxed under the interim deal. Yet, I understand that Iran's oil exports are being offered from UAE trading firms acting as middlemen.    What is the current status of overall Iranian oil exports? Are we talking to China and India, both of whom are reportedly increasing their imports from Iran this year? If these trends continue, is the administration going to sanction these countries? Specifically, what are the exports to China, India, and Turkey? And will you be making available publicly the Department's country-by-country estimates on Iranian oil imports?    Thank you.    Mrs. Lowey. I will let it go at this point. Thank you very much.    Mrs. Lowey. And thank you, my friend, Madam Chairwoman.    Mrs. Lowey. Assistant Secretary Jacobson, Assistant Secretary Brownfield, Acting Assistant Administrator Hogan, I must say it is a pleasure to see you here today and express my view that we are indeed fortunate to have people of your thoughtfulness, commitment, and intelligence serving the United States of America. And I thank you.    Last summer, a humanitarian crisis came to our doorstep, with nearly 70,000 unaccompanied minors fleeing their home as a result of the abject poverty, lack of economic opportunity, rampant critical networks, and weak governments in Central America.    These conditions have allowed drug trafficking and other criminal enterprises to grow in size and strength aggressively, intimidating and overwhelming government institutions and threatening public security and the rule of law. In fact, Central American countries represented four of the five countries with the highest homicide rates in the world. Their economic growth lags behind that of the rest of Latin America, and 50 percent of the population lives in poverty, with underemployment hovering between 30 to 40 percent in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala.    Clearly, it is in our interest to develop an integrated strategy for engagement with the countries of Central America. More must be done to invest in civil society and to provide alternative livelihoods, education, and opportunities for youth.    And while I support this effort, I have a number of questions about the policies being proposed. For example, this year's request for the region would scale up longstanding State and USAID programs in Central America. I can't help but ask: How will these programs be more effective than in the past? What makes them different? How many years of increased assistance will be necessary to successfully improve economic and security conditions? Given the history of organized corruption, do you all believe there is sufficient political will to undertake the necessary fiscal and policy reforms?    The administration's engagement with the regions' leaders at the highest levels and the efforts of Presidents and Foreign Ministers of Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador to consult in Washington on their alliance for prosperity in the Northern Triangle reflect a strong desire for real change and ownership of these reforms, which is critical to success.    At the same time, to what extent have civil society groups been included in these discussions? Who speaks for the marginalized, the vulnerable, and disadvantaged during these meetings? Are their human rights concerns being addressed? And who is addressing the needs of the children who have been returned to their home country and are in desperate need of rehabilitation services?    I also want to raise police and judicial reforms, which are at the core of citizen security. While enforcement by police and the military is important, security forces must institutionalize mechanisms to ensure transparency and accountability as well as respect for the rights of citizens. What commitments are the three Presidents prepared to make in terms of enhancing civilian police, providing accountability for any human rights abuses by police and military forces, and ensuring access to and credibility of independent judiciaries?    Lastly, I hope you will detail how the requests will improve our public diplomacy capabilities. Before the crisis reached its height last summer, were embassy and consulate officials aware of the aggressive and misleading marketing tactics being used by coyotes to encourage families to send their children on a dangerous journey north? What were we doing to counteract such campaigns? These just didn't appear out of the blue, and I would be particularly interested in your addressing that. I hope your efforts include a public diplomacy component that can prevail over the lies of druglords and criminals.    And I look forward to your testimonies.    Thank you.    Mrs. Lowey. Now, following up, I agree that Central American nations need support to address the root causes of unrest, but it ultimately depends on the leaders of each country to carry out substantial reforms, to raise revenues, reduce corruption, strengthen institutions, and expand educational and economic opportunities for their citizens.    Now, for those of us who have been working in this area a long time, we know how difficult it is. But we also, unfortunately, have seen very little progress in some of these countries, and most of us feel progress in these areas is essential. So let me throw out a couple of things. Maybe you can give us some hope for positive change.    To what extent are Central American nations undertaking fiscal and policy reforms? In your view, are Central American political and business elites convinced that such reforms are necessary, so much so that they are willing to even pay taxes? I would love some examples.    Conditions on assistance are always a double-edged sword. From your perspective, what are the benefits and drawbacks of Congress tying our assistance to internal reforms in Central America? Absent buy-in from the business and political elites, can the strong fiscal policies proposed in this plan succeed?    And I will throw out a couple of more, and then you can all take your turn. We know what I am getting at.    So, assuming buy-in from business and political elites exists, do you believe the reform plans will allow the countries of Central America to meet the demand for needed services as well as sustain improvements in government? And how will such policies translate into increased public trust?    How do we institutionalize the political commitment and capacity so that any progress made today extends to future political leadership?    You can take any part of that. And who wants to begin?    Mrs. Lowey. Not that you haven't heard them before.    Mrs. Lowey. Mr. Ambassador, do you want to add to it?    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ambassador Power, I join Chairwoman Granger in welcoming you today.    Throughout my time in Congress, I have consistently supported robust U.S. engagement at the United Nations. The U.N. is instrumental in advancing our national security interests around the world and in helping confront terrorism, nuclear proliferation, infectious disease, extreme poverty, and environmental degradation.    U.N. peacekeepers protect innocent civilians in some of the most war-torn, ravaged parts of the world, trying to bring peace and stability for a fraction of what it would cost the U.S. Armed Forces to undertake the same mission. Organizations like UNICEF, the World Food Program, U.N. Women, U.N. Population Fund help reduce poverty, protect children, feed the hungry, promote women's political and economic empowerment, and improve health standards for millions around the world.    While the benefits are not always obvious to the casual observer, the U.N. delivers real results for every American tax dollar we contribute. The United States cannot be the world's policeman. As I have said before, no one nation can or should address today's global challenges alone. That is why we must continue to work together with the world community using every tool at our disposal. Unilateral action should be the last option, not the first.    Those who view the U.N. negatively or advocate for reducing its resources undermine the U.N.'s effectiveness and limit our ability to influence international decisions. Simply put, we cannot expect the U.N. to perform if we starve it of the resources it requires or if we regard our treaty obligations as optional.    However, like any organization, the U.N. is not perfect. I am particularly concerned about its actions with regard to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and comments by the Obama administration suggesting a reevaluation of our longstanding policy of defending Israel at the U.N.    Indeed, it was your predecessor, Ambassador Rice, who said, when vetoing a resolution on settlement activity, ``It is the Israelis' and the Palestinians' conflict, and even the best-intentioned outsiders cannot resolve it for them.''    Supporting or remaining agnostic on a U.N. Resolution would violate the letter and spirit of the Oslo Accord signed in 1993, which endorsed the seminal construct of Land for Peace through direct negotiations, however prolonged, intense, or seemingly intractable they may be. Such a stance at the U.N. would also reward Palestinian intransigence and ignore history.    Madam Ambassador, I hope you will unequivocally assure the members of this subcommittee that the administration will do everything in its power to stand firmly with our ally Israel in opposing counterproductive and reckless U.N. proposals.    Turning to Iran, in addition to ensuring the strictest inspections and monitoring of any facility, one of the most critical components of any deal will be the timing of any proposed sanction relief and our ability to immediately reimpose sanctions should Iran violate any part of the agreement.    Given Iran's history of deception, I would like to hear from you that the core of U.N. sanctions will remain in place until Iran has taken major nuclear-related steps that demonstrate their sincerity. I would also like you to detail the mechanisms with which the U.N. could snap back U.N. sanctions at any point during the deal and beyond.    Lastly, I hope you will also update the subcommittee on the U.N.'s conflict resolution efforts, such as ending the devastating warfare in South Sudan, countering violent extremism across the continent, which is all the more critical, given the barbaric massacre of Garissa University students in Kenya earlier this month.    With unprecedented levels of human suffering and humanitarian needs around the world, I thank you for your leadership, your commitment, and passion, and for all you do to represent American values abroad. I look forward to your testimony.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you again.    And thank you for your service.    Since 1948, the United States has been a steadfast defender of the State of Israel at the United Nations. I am troubled by recent reports and press statements by the administration that the United States would ``reevaluate our approach,'' which could signal a shift in position at the United Nations. I believe it is in our national security interest that the United States unequivocally continues to stand by our democratic partner, Israel.    Is it still the position of the administration to veto one-sided anti-Israel resolutions at the U.N.?    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congresswoman.    I have worked tirelessly, Ambassador Rice has worked tirelessly, our predecessors in this job have worked tirelessly, to defend Israel's legitimacy and its security at the United Nations, and we will absolutely continue to do that.    When there was a discussion about reevaluation, I want to be very, very clear that there was no contemplation and will never be a contemplation of reevaluating our deep security and deep partnership and friendship, relationship, with the State of Israel. As you know well, the military, the security, and the intelligence ties are as deep as ever.    We have just in the same period that there have been some comments made in the public have achieved things working with the State of Israel in the United Nations that many would not have thought possible, such as something I mentioned in my opening statement, which is the first-ever General Assembly session dedicated to combating anti-Semitism, which occurred in January.    So, too, of course, we just last fall opposed 18 U.N. General Assembly-biased and one-sided resolutions against Israel. And, indeed, in December, as you know, not only did I vote no on a hastily produced, one-sided resolution, but, also, I and Secretary Kerry and the President were able to mobilize a coalition to join us. So we will, again, continue to work extremely closely with Israel in New York.    And, you know, as you know well, we have a record of standing when it matters for Israel. I think the one thing that is important to point out is there have been occasions, such as last summer during the Gaza crisis, where we worked with the State of Israel itself and our Israeli colleagues in New York on a Security Council resolution, and that never came to pass. It never actually came to a vote because we were not able to secure sufficient support for it across the Council.    But, again, we will look to see what will advance Israel's security and what will advance peace in the region and stand, again, consistently for Israel's legitimacy and security.    Mrs. Lowey. I appreciate your comments.    So the language that was repeated in several print reports, ``reevaluating our approach,'' what did that mean?    Ambassador Power. Well, again, to distinguish a couple aspects of this, we and our predecessors and, I think, all of you have long supported a two-state solution achieved through a negotiation process.    Because of some of the comments that were made in the election period, it wasn't clear--and I will note, also, some of the actions of the Palestinians as well, of course, which were alluded to you in your opening comments--it isn't clear what the prospects for those negotiations are.    So our objective, as an administration, again, which I assume is a shared objective, is: What can we do to defuse tensions? What would it take to get those negotiations back on track?    And so those are the kinds of questions President Obama is asking. And as the new Israeli Government comes together, we will be in close contact with our Israeli friends to think through again what would lead us to the destination that we all agree is in the interest of both the Israeli people and the Palestinian people, which is the achieving of a two-state solution through a negotiated process.    Mrs. Lowey. I appreciate those comments.    Certainly, as long as I have been in Congress, I have been hopeful that there would be a two-state solution through a negotiation process. That is why it was so disturbing when the administration made that statement, that they were reevaluating their position at the United Nations. I am hoping, as I hear you, you are walking back that position and that position is not the position of the administration.    Ambassador Power. What I am saying is that we are looking at how we can support what we have long supported, which is efforts to secure a two-state solution. And in order for a two-state solution to come into existence, the parties will have to reach agreement with one another. Absolutely.    Mrs. Lowey. I wanted to make that absolutely clear. Because the history is clear, if you go back to Oslo and Taba and all the very serious negotiations. And in many of them, it was the Palestinians that walked back and walked away, as you know, whether it was President Clinton or President Bush.    I do hope that in our lifetime we can see a two-state solution that is negotiated with both parties and we can see peace in that region of the world. So I thank you very much for your comments.    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much.    First of all, I thank you, Madam Chair, for asking the question about the ICC and wonder where the chair is going. I won't pursue that point, but I would be interested. If you have any additional information, keep us updated.    And I do want to say to Mr. Stewart at the end, I appreciate his pursuing the question with regard to the military sites.    In fact, I just recently asked Secretary Kerry that exact question because, after dozens of briefings that I have been a part of, there seems to be no progress in Parchin or the other military sites, and he assured me that there could not be, and there would not be, a deal unless there was absolute inspection by IAEA of the military sites.    So I must say I have been asking this question for months, and I was pleased to hear from the Secretary that this is an absolute given if there is going to be a deal. Otherwise, their view is that no deal is better than a bad deal.    So I thank you for bringing that issue up.    I would like to ask another question that we haven't touched on. We have the whole world to deal with. What about Russia? What are they really up to? I thought their recent statement about selling anti-missile equipment to Iran was an interesting one. I have asked for a long time what does Russia really want. On the one hand, they are part of our alliance to try to get a deal with Iran. On the other hand, they continue to stir up problems not only in Ukraine, but in Syria and Yemen and Iraq.    So I know that you and the Secretary have looked for various incentives that will bring Russia into step with the world community. Could we be on the verge of a new cold war? Can you enlighten us as to your views as to Russia's intention in the world? And we know they continue to support the Assad regime.    To what extent is this driven by Russia's battle with terrorism in the Caucasus? Is Russia still profiting from arms sales to the Assad regime? I would be interested to know your view of Russia's role in their region and in the world and in our future relationships.    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congresswoman. It is a question that, given Russia's role as a permanent member of the Security Council, I grapple with every day and see different manifestations of every day.    First, it is really, really important, particularly today and this week, to point out that Russia's aggression in Ukraine has not ceased. There was a significant drop in violence, but now that situation has escalated.    And it has escalated in large part because the separatists backed by Russia did not withdraw their heavy weapons as they were supposed to under the Minsk Agreement from the front lines because Russia maintained a regular army presence within eastern Ukraine, including command and control and training. The convoys that are not inspected by the international community, the OSC or the ICRC, keep coming in. I think we are expecting the 24th such convoy that just moves across the border blatantly.    So, again, this is an area of significant concern, and it causes us again and again--at the time that we would very much like to see the Minsk Agreement be implemented and move out of this period of confrontation and diplomatic and economic isolation of Russia, we now have to be thinking again about what are the consequences going to be of further aggression in Ukraine.    So you have that as the most egregious example of Russia's defiance of international norms. Alongside that you mention the support for Assad, support even as we work together to dismantle Assad's declared chemical weapons program.    You know, this is a regime that drops thousands of barrel bombs on civilian neighborhoods, uses chlorine against children and adults, for that matter, and, yet, the Russian support for that government continues. And it is, again, a huge problem and it has really paralyzed the U.N. Security Council, where I sit every day, which is responsible for maintaining international peace and security and cannot meet that responsibility because of Russian obstructionism.    So you have all of that and the internal situation in terms of the human rights crisis that civil society and others are facing, anybody who speaks out being vulnerable, independent media being cracked down upon, of course, the recent assassination of a leading opposition figure, and just a really difficult situation for anybody who wants to express their views or assemble peacefully, et cetera, inside the country. And we, again, always make our views known on this, speak out, and make those concerns, again, known publicly and privately. So you have all of that on the one hand.    But then, again, back to Congressman Stewart's--the exchange I had with him, on the other hand, you have the fact that they did stand with us through the P5+1 negotiations. They were a--and remain on, again, the declared chemical weapons program a critical part of dismantling that program and getting rid of, you know, more than 1,000 metric tons of sarin and other, you know, toxic chemicals that Assad probably would have used as a routine weapon of war if they were still within the country.    On ISIL, on the stopping--trying to stop the flow of foreign terrorist fighters, we have very, very useful technical discussions, and I think that is an area where cooperation needs to continue. Of course, Russia's definition of a terrorist and our definition of a terrorist, you know, tend to be different. But on ISIL and on Al Qaeda, you know, again, that is something that we need to work on together.    So we are entering into a period where we will cooperate on areas that are in our national security interests, and, presumably, that is the logic of their cooperation as well. And we will take measures as we need to when they defy international norms and commit aggression in their neighborhood or beyond.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you.