    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, thanks for your testimony here and your leadership with the FBI.    I am curious about this from a perspective that has to do with our global war against radical Islamic terrorists. And I have laid out a strategy to defeat that ideology. I would take it back to our ability some years past to be able to identify their cell phones and get into their cell phones in such a way that we also got into their heads, which drove them into the caves and really diminished a lot of their otherwise robust activity that Al Qaeda might have carried out against us. I think that was a successful effort.    Now we have global cyber operations going on with, I think by your numbers from a previous report I read, well over 100,000 ISIS activities on Twitter and other cyber activity in a single day. And so I am interested in how the parameters that have been examined thoroughly by a lot of the lawyers on this panel might apply to an all-out cyber warfare against ISIS and any of their affiliates or subordinates that I think is necessary if we're going to defeat that ideology.    And so I am thinking in terms of if this Congress might diminish, slow down, or shut down access to this phone, that also means access to any other phone that they might be using; they would have a high degree of confidence that they could operate with a level of impunity in the cyber world out there.    Do you have any comments you would like to make on the implications that being locked out of an opportunity to unlock this phone might mean to the global war on terror that could be prosecuted in the next Administration aggressively across the fields of cyber warfare? And I would just add to that for the sake of enumerating them: financial warfare, educational warfare, and human intelligence, and the network that would be necessary, not just the kinetic activity, to defeat radical Islamic terrorism.    Mr. King. Do you get any signals that the American public or the United States Congress is contemplating some of the things that you discussed here to the depth that it would be a component in the decisionmaking?    Mr. King. Let me suggest that--I will just say: I think it's a known and a given that ISIS or ISIL is seeking a nuclear device and has pretty much said that publicly. If we had a high degree of confidence that they had--that they were on the cusp of achieving such capability and perhaps capability of delivering it, if that became part of the American consciousness, do you think that would change this debate that we're having here today?    Mr. King. Thank you, Director. And I will just state that my view is that I want to protect the constitutional rights of the American people, and I would like to be able to have this framed in law that reflects our constitutional rights. But I would like to have us consider how we might keep a nation safe in the face of this and how we might prosecute a global war against radical Islam, even in the aftermath of a decision that might be made by either a judge or the United States Congress.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.