    Mr. Lance. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, for holding this hearing and welcome to the distinguished panel.    Earlier this week, a drone crashed into a car while flying over an oil refinery in Linden, New Jersey. I used to represent a portion of Linden before the reconfiguration of the congressional districts. Linden is one of the major refining locations in the United States.    The FBI is currently investigating whether or not this was an accident and is tracking down the operator who fled the scene. This is the second time in two months that a drone has crashed in Linden, which is located 10 minutes from Newark Liberty International Airport, one of the three major airports serving the New York metropolitan region.    While so far there is no evidence of ill intent in either case, these incidents bring up important concerns regarding the safety of recreational drones and the possibility for bad actors to repurpose them to cause harm to others.    I look forward to discussing these concerns and possible solutions as well as the potential benefits of UAVs with this distinguished panel.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lance. Thank you. Good morning to the panel.    To the law professors, are there state laws currently on the books regarding all of this?    Mr. Lance. And to the distinguished law professors, do you believe that we should take action here and should that action supersede state law or should there be a regimen where there is both state law and some law here at the federal level?    Mr. Lance. I was taught tort law by John Wade, who was the reporter for the restatement and he is deceased. I think what would he have done in this situation. It just shows the advancing nature of American society, world society and how a new tort might actually come into play.    Professor?    Mr. Lance. Of the United States, yes.    Mr. Lance. Thank you. Does the panel have any recommendations regarding what I mentioned in my opening statement, that there were recently violations near sensitive sites, oil refineries and one of the major airports in this country?    And of course there have been violations as has been mentioned by the ranking member here in Washington including at the White House? Does the panel have any recommendations for us in that regard?    Mr. Lance. Mr. Walden, yes.    Mr. Lance. That can be built into the technology?    Mr. Lance. Very good. And then I guess it does not exist in the drone that is here on the table?    Mr. Lance. I see.    Mr. Lance. I see. So that drone could not fly over the White House?    Mr. Lance. I was going to ask my wife to buy me that for Christmas.    Mr. Lance. Not available.    Mr. Lance. I see. Anyone else? Mr. Wynne.    Mr. Lance. My time has expired. Thank you very much to the entire panel.