    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am new to this committee and shocked, I guess would be a good word, from what I am hearing. I come from the private sector. I am an ISO guy. I am an ISO 13485, my biotech. I run a select agent operation. We deal with all the bioterrorism agents. I deal with anthrax. We inactivate it. We make sure it is inactivated. My folks wear spacesuits. We have double airlocks. We don't make mistakes.    Why don't we make mistakes? Because we have people in charge who know what they are doing. Clearly, that can't be said for your agency.    Now, let me just state a fact: You can't defend the indefensible. But would any of you like to try, or should we move on?    So the next question is, who was fired over this, and how many people?    Mr. Collins. Were they fired?    Mr. Collins. Did you fire them?    Mr. Collins. Did you sue them?    Mr. Collins. Oh, my goodness. And you think that was good enough?    Mr. Collins. That is not enough. The taxpayer is on the hook for $500 million. Did we sue them?    Mr. Collins. So he, obviously, wasn't involved or responsible because we didn't fire him? I am just saying, this is an example. I am somewhat surprised you are trying to defend this. You can't defend the indefensible.    In the private sector, you would probably be fired. The contractor would be relieved. The contractor would be sued for the $500 million. We would put him into bankruptcy, if that is what it took, because I think what you are hearing me saying is through his incompetence and the incompetence of the people who didn't have the--this is procedures.    Are you familiar with lockout-tagout? Well, when electricians, we would run the risk of them getting electrocuted if they are working on electrical equipment. It is fail-safe. You have keys. You have training. You can't be working on a live box with these procedures in place.    This is fundamental. I mean, I am new to this committee. I am just beyond any comprehension that this occurred, that anyone involved is still working there. And it rests with the person in charge, the Secretary, yourself and others, the contractor. In the private sector they would have been terminated, they would have been sued, two or three levels of people would have been fired, a fix would have been in place, an emergency SWAT team would have been put in.    Industry operates, my business operates in areas of critical--I mean, we are growing bioterrorism agents. We have people wearing spacesuits. We have to know nothing can go wrong. I mean, nothing can go wrong. And when people say, ``Why don't you sleep well at night some nights?,'' that is some of the reasons.    But I hear this very nonchalant--we took away--I mean, do you realize how ludicrous it is that the organization in charge of this did what they did and cost the taxpayers $500 million and they are still there? And you think that taking away a year of their extension works? I just don't know what world you guys live in other than the bureaucratic world the public gets so upset by. I just would not only expect more, but I am surprised you are still working there.    I mean, do you see where I am coming from? The taxpayers deserve more. And is there a reason we haven't sued the company to reclaim our $500 million? Our Government sure went after Toyota. We are going after GM for other things like that. Why aren't we going after this contractor?    Mr. Collins. So we have a contract that doesn't state that they are responsible for something? When you breach a contract--and I would think this would be considered some breach of the contract--whatever the contract says is out the window. Taxpayers lost $500 million. You are saying we have a contract that doesn't allow us to recover that, or we can't sue on another basis, of gross incompetence? I would think gross incompetence and negligence would allow you to move forward on a suit. Maybe you lose the lawsuit, but I guess what I am hearing, we didn't even bring it. Did we?    Mr. Collins. No.    I just find this whole thing unacceptable and would not only ask you to do better in the future, but somebody should be looking in mirrors and deciding, if they are not capable of doing the job, do us a favor and resign. If someone else is in charge and they are willing to put up with this level of incompetence within our own organization and the contractor, I think, again, they need to look in the mirror, and for the good of the Nation think about whether they should go to work tomorrow.    Anyway, my time is over. I yield back.