    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I imagine it's tough sometimes being on the other side of the panel but do appreciate it and certainly respect your forthrightness there, for both Mr. Camus and Mr. George.    I do want to target just a little bit Mr. George.    How long have you worked in this environment, whether it be an inspector general or just overall in the government?    Mr. Walker. Yes. And I don't want to be too self-serving, but how would you say your record is over that time?    Mr. Walker. OK. Is there anything partisan about your meeting with the former Chairman Issa or even with the current Chairman Chaffetz, in your opinion?    Mr. Walker. Right. Have they ever contacted you about having a meeting with them? And if so, do you remember?    Mr. Walker. Would you have met with them if they asked?    Mr. Walker. All right.    And before, I guess, this setting that we're facing with right now, particularly in this whole hearing, have you ever been accused of being partisan before in your time?    Mr. Walker. OK.    Why do you think you're the target of that? The feeling that I'm getting tonight is that, rather than the IRS and some of these issues, that you guys are sort of, kind of, a target. In your opinion, why do you think that is?    Mr. Walker. Most definitely, it does. In fact, tonight I've heard, and I guess in respect, in describing you, I've heard the words, ``questionable,'' ``partisan,'' you're ``under investigation.''    In May 2012, from my understanding, there was nearly a year that goes by before you were even reporting publicly. To me, if you were truly partisan, would you not, in the 2012 elections, have said something or done something outwardly that would have made their case?    Mr. Walker. Sure.    And being new here, it's important for me to make sure the people that are in the panel are rock-solid, they are not partisan. And I believe everybody in the room would agree with that. But I will tell you, I can hear even from your voice and your heart and your passion, I have a lot of confidence that you are doing the right job. Thank you for your work, and Mr. Camus.    I yield back.