    Ms. Meng. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Sherman. Good morning and welcome, Assistant Secretary Biswal, and a special welcome to Assistant Administrator Jonathan Stivers. I am pleased to have this opportunity to explore the importance of South Asia and the President's budget and the rebalance to Asia.    My district in Queens, New York, is home to a vibrant South Asian community with residents from all over the subcontinent, but especially India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka. In fact, the U.S. is home to well over 3.4 million South Asian-Americans, and this rapidly growing population has only aided in improving ties between the U.S. and the region.    The increase in bilateral cooperation between the U.S. and India, the latest anti-corruption and unifying policies of the new President of Sri Lanka, these are points to celebrate. But right now what I find most urgent is the continuing violence in Bangladesh. I will come back to this point when we have time for questions later in the hearing.    Thank you, I yield back.    Ms. Meng. Thank you.    As I mentioned earlier, we consider the country of Bangladesh a good friend of the United States. It is a democratic, moderate country in the region and we have happily seen it grow in economic power.    However, Mr. Stivers, as you said some of the success in Bangladesh has been achieved despite a difficult political situation. What can the U.S. Government do to encourage a de-escalation in violence and political posturing? I have heard conflicting reports that the situation has begun to improve, and if that is true what can we do to continue on that path? Because there is no guarantee a de-escalation will be sustained.    And in relation to that has the ongoing political standoff between the ruling Awami League and the BNP opposition had any adverse effects on the implementation of U.S. assistance programs in Bangladesh?    Ms. Meng. Thank you. And I know I am running out of time, but if you could address this maybe in a later testimony.    Can you expand on initiatives in India in relation to women's and children's health, and also initiatives to decrease reports of violence against women?