    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Darcy and General Bostick, thank you for all that you are doing for all of us. I particularly want to express my appreciation for the willingness of the Corps to deal with some very complex issues on the Sacramento River system. You have dealt with very difficult problems that have occurred on the Feather River. Colonel Farrell and your team have been extraordinarily flexible and innovative in dealing with Native American archeological sites, very tough, very difficult issue, but it has been resolved, and I thank you for that. That allows the 40-mile stretch of the Feather River West Levee to be--for the project to continue, and I thank you for that.    Also, the Hamilton City, Natomas, American River, Delta levees, Yuba River, and even the channels, you are moving forward with all of those, and I appreciate it. Your team in California, both in the San Francisco and the Sacramento district are very engaged and doing some really good work for all of us.    On the budgeting side, we have got work to do here. The Harbor Maintenance Fund has come up. As a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, this is of great interest. The problem is not yours. The problem is ours. We are the ones who set the pace here. You simply have to follow the pace of funding.    And so when we don't provide in law that 100 percent of the funds will be spent and then we allocate and then you follow along with that, so I would say that the problem lies with us as we take up the Coast Guard bill in the next couple of weeks. Perhaps we will give you instructions to spend the money where it was meant to be spent. We will see what happens, whether we are willing to do that. Same way within the waterways. It is really our problem, and you are left to follow the lead that we set out.    I think the question of consultation has come up several times. It is of great concern in our area. I don't think we need to go into it again here unless you would like to tell us all the good work you are trying to do on changing the way in which we consult, start projects early and the rest, so perhaps you would like to pick that up again, and I will leave that to the two of you if you want to comment further on how that program is working on consultations, and particularly listening sessions are good, but they have got to go into more depth than that, so can you explain how you are going to further consult indepth?    Mr. Garamendi. Yes.    Mr. Garamendi. I am sorry. I missed--we are really not communicating here. I am talking about stakeholders, the local stakeholders and consultation with the local stakeholders.    General Bostick. As we came out of Katrina, one of the things we spent a lot of time on is deeper risk analysis and also stakeholder involvement, and in coming out of Sandy, the whole idea of resilience and resilient communities, resilient watershed, resilient coast lines, resilient communities. And resilience, you have to ask the question, resilient for what? And the people that best answer that are your stakeholders. There are limited funds that are available. There are different scenarios that you can plan for. None of them are completely predictable, so it is really up to the stakeholders to be part of that dialogue in terms of how we go forward, and we are really working that piece very, very hard now.    Mr. Garamendi. OK. The other piece of it is the cost-sharing partners, the local cost-sharing partners that were discussed by my colleagues here, to start projects early and the like. I would really urge you to engage deeply with those partners early in the project and on the consultation and really the guidelines that you need to put out.    You don't need to comment on that, but I do want to thank you. Your team has done a terrific job in the Sacramento Valley region, and it is much appropriated. All of the issues, complex as they are, more to come, we look forward to working with you, and it is our burden to make sure you have the money that you can fully employ to protect from floods, other hazards, and the like.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back my remaining 26 seconds.