    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much, and good morning, Chairman Burns, and Commissioners Svinicki, Ostendorff, and Baran. Very happy to have you here today to talk about the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and thank you for the work that you do.    Nuclear energy is a critical component of our nation's energy mix, and as a source of electricity which does not contribute to climate change, it will be particularly important as we strive to meet the targets of the clean power plan and to deliver on the commitments made to reduce our carbon emissions at COP21 in Paris.    As part of meeting these targets, we currently rely on an aging fleet of nuclear power generation facilities with an average age of 35 years. Many have already outlived their initial 40 year licenses while others are quickly approaching it.    At the forefront of my mind with regards to aging nuclear plants is First Energy's Davis-Besse plant in my own district, which in December of last year received a 20 year extension of its license. These plants provide good, stable and high paying jobs in addition to reliable and cost effective electricity, so in regards to this, I am happy to see Davis-Besse's license extended.    However, the bulk of our nuclear fleet is passing through this relicensing process, and I look forward to hearing about the steps you are taking at the NRC to ensure that communities in areas surrounding these plants are safe, especially as one in three Americans' lives lie within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.    Last year at this hearing, there was a great deal of discussion on the right-sizing and re-baselining of the NRC's budget. I understand the report detailing that effort is scheduled to be completed in the next couple of months, and I hope you will be able to comment on the progress that you have made to that end as well, and the impact of your findings on the NRC's budget.    Finally, I would like to close by noting that yet another year has passed and we do not seem to be any closer to resolving how and even more controversially where to dispose of our nuclear waste.    The current approach of maintaining high level radioactive waste on-site at dozens of plants distributed throughout our country is far from ideal, and in the absence of a real forward motion at Yucca Mountain or another site, our Nation has no long term solution to this pressing problem. In fact, I was asked by someone in the press yesterday about this very issue.    In addition to $10 billion we have already spent on Yucca, the Department of Energy estimates that we have $27 billion of liabilities deriving from our failure to meet our legal obligation to dispose of this waste.    Interim storage may serve as a step in the right direction, but we truly require a permanent strategy. The government must live up to its responsibilities to our nation and provide for the eventual safe disposal of commercially spent fuel that is currently stored at these sites.    I look forward to your thoughts on how we can meet this obligation, and I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding me this time.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much for yielding to me in this round. Chairman Burns, I wanted to ask you if you could report to the American people on the year of 2015, and the safety of nuclear power production at the 100 commercial reactors, and the 31 test and research reactors across our country.    How would you compare what happened in 2015 to prior years if you were to give a weather report to the public in terms they can understand? How did 2015 compare to prior years?    Ms. Kaptur. In 10 words or less, for 2015, what do you say to the American people about the safe performance of our nuclear plants?    Ms. Kaptur. I think it is really important to assure the American people of that safety in words that they can understand. I wanted to just ask a second question very briefly. We had testimony from some of our labs last year about the difficulty of recruiting people in very high-level skills. I would like to ask you in terms of qualified nuclear engineers, who are citizens of the United States as well as qualified technicians, nuclear technicians in the electrical field, for example, plumbing, pipe fitting, all the skills that are necessary. Do you have any specific focus on that recruitment issue and education issues? So we are able to recruit U.S. citizens for these positions? How does NRC position itself for that? That will be my final question on this round.    Ms. Kaptur. I would urge you on in those efforts and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Kaptur. Ok.    Ms. Kaptur. Now, as I understand it, Entergy said to you, the NRC, that the radwaste sump pump has been out of service since October 2014. Will the NRC inspectors at Indian Point and other nuclear power plants begin doing annual or semi-annual reviews of all systems at these facilities? I am just puzzled about that.    Ms. Kaptur. Mr. Chairman, lastly, it is since 2007 that Entergy has been seeking to extend its licenses for Indian Point's two reactors, Units 2 and 3, for another 20 years. Both of these reactors have eclipsed their original licensing periods. So despite the expiration of their licenses, Indian Point can continue to operate until a final decision is made by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Do you have any updates when the commission will make a final decision, and will the recent tritium leak impact the final decision?    Ms. Kaptur. I would like to yield to Congresswoman Lowey for a final question and then I will----    Ms. Kaptur. Mr. Chairman, I began my questioning today, Chairman Burns, with asking you to grade the nuclear power industries safety and security for 2015 and you gave it a pretty good grade. In view of Congressman Lowey's questioning about the tritium leaks at Indian Point as we begin 2016 how do you think the industry is doing compared to 2015?    Ms. Kaptur. I want to ask a question following that on Project Aim and the relationship of that to corporate support and how we are ensuring the safety and security of our nuclear power production in this country. Can you expand on your comments so far about how you intend to ensure that project maintains or improves current safety and security requirements?    Ms. Kaptur. That is a concern because Commissioner Baran inferred that there might be fewer inspections. He kind of hinted at that. And in view of Ms. Lowey's situation and my personal experience--horrendous experience over 3 decades of service now with two massive problems at a nuclear power plant that I represent I have to tell you I am very concerned about the industry at a point where natural gas prices and oil prices are impacting what is happening across the energy industry. And some of these plants from a operating standpoint are facing additional pressures and economic pressures in the market place and so I am very worried about investment in equipment, personnel and so forth. And how does a tritium leak happen at a plant? How is it possible that the core cover--the reactor head at a plant in Ohio was eaten through completely by the boric acid reaction with the steel? How is that even possible to a point where it was quite dangerous?    And so I am very worried about how you are protecting the safety of the public in view of what is happening in the marketplace. Do you want to comment on that?    Ms. Kaptur. Well Mister Chairman you also in your budget you talked about training and staff and so forth and I in my first round asked about trained personnel. Your budget does not include an appropriation for the integrated university program for high level nuclear engineers and I asked you about other trained personnel who are actually on the ground in these plants moving between plants and how they are trained. I am going to--and there is nothing specific in the budget on that, but I am going to ask you for your regions to provide for the record the types of relationships the NRC has for its training programs with various apprenticeship programs, community college programs, through its integrated university program with universities.    I want to know what you are doing because I think the pipeline is very haphazard. And I can tell you for the plant that I represent if it were not for the workers--and these were not nuclear engineers that went into that plant in the 1980s and the 1990s we would have had a nuclear mishap there.    So that training is so important and because of their work we were able to remediate two very serious situations in both decades requiring an enormous investment by the private sector to upgrade those plants.    I have fought for so many years unsuccessfully in this Congress to have more robust nuclear training programs. And I will tell you it was the plumbers and pipe fitters, it was the electricians that risked their own lives not knowing what was happening that saved us. And I want to give them more primacy in your budget and more direct relationships for training. Just know that. I continue to work for that. I would love to have your cooperation, but I will ask for that information for the record.    I am going to turn a little bit here to another question. Can you tell me do you maintain records of the waste heat that is generated by your various nuclear power plants around the country or could you obtain it for me, the ones that you regulate. If something is coming out of a big stack what is it and how much is it?    Ms. Kaptur. All right, very good. And finally a simple question and I do not want to go over on my time, Mister Chairman, on Ukraine, does the NRC have any relationship or collaboration ongoing with instrumentalities inside the nation of Ukraine?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok.    Ms. Kaptur. I would ask for more specificity on that either privately or for the record.    Ms. Kaptur. I do have another question Mister Chairman but I want you to have the ability to rotate to other members.    Ms. Kaptur. Ok, this is really my last question and that concerns the continued storage of spent nuclear fuel. The commission extended the length of time assumed to be safe for storage of spent fuel at reactor sites from 30 to 60 years and I am very interested in your opinion as to how that will impact the safety and security of the public. It assumes that we cannot find a storage site for this material.    Ms. Kaptur. I was going to ask you about that.    Ms. Kaptur. If the challenger succeeds in their argument do you believe the court should side with the challengers and what would be the impact to the rule and by extension operating plants.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much and thank you Mister Chairman. Thank you all for your testimony today.    Ms. Kaptur. Yes, I just want to reiterate if I might to the Chairman and the members that based on what is happening in the marketplace with energy prices I would urge you to consider developing an economic model that can anticipate the impact on given firms economic performance based on what is happening in the energy markets and the likelihood that they would not be--they would be less likely to invest because of what is happening and to have a rating that you look at and you can identify out of the dozens of plants that are operating because I have a concern that there is going to be cost cutting and a lot of things are going to have to be done that might impact safety, so I would just urge you to consider that suggestion. Thank you.for the record will have until close of business on Friday to provide them to the subcommittee office. With that, I'll turn to my ranking member, Ms. Kaptur, for her opening statement.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and good morning. Dr. Orr, great to have you back here. Secretary Smith, again, and Secretary Hoffman, thank you for being here today, and Mr. Kotek. We are so glad that you are all here today and thank you for being here to present your 2017 program request. I am very sorry that Dr. Danielson could not be here today. I know all of our prayers go out to him and his family during this very, very trying time.    The research and development of energy technologies your programs have generated is revolutionizing everything around us, so we are living it in real time. The Vehicle Technology's office works to find ways to lightweight our cars, allows us to stretch each gallon of gas. Your new building codes are making our homes and places of work more efficient and more comfortable. The unbelievable growth of the fracking industry which originated from your research and has brought America back to the forefront of the world's energy producers, and has significantly reduced our dependence on foreign oil truly is transformative. And the boom in renewable energy is breathtaking, and I am so proud to have a leading silver company in our district that is reaping the benefits, First Solar. I was there at its birth and I have seen its growth, and I know its future is going to be exponential.    As Secretary Moniz noted yesterday, there are now 208,000 direct jobs in the solar industry. Two hundred and eight thousand. If you had asked somebody 30 years ago would that even be possible they would think that you were some science fiction movie.    These accomplishments in your work are truly bringing America into its new future. I am just glad I am given the opportunity to live during years to witness it. Too few Americans recognize just how important the role of the Department of Energy is in protecting our national security, in addition to being one of our most important tools to deal with the changes in climate that affect our environment. Our coastal dwellers certainly know that, and people in other parts of the country do too, such as those of us on the Great Lakes that have seen the very difficult challenge of algal blooms threaten our fresh water systems.    With that in mind, I am happy to see that in your final budget request of this administration your goals are just as ambitious as ever. Our Nation has made significant strides towards a new energy reality. Yet, they are but the first steps in the marathon of reaching energy independence for our country, and thus strengthening our national security and achieving carbon neutrality. The energy innovation championed by your offices holds the key to unlock the full potential of America's modern clean energy economy, and we look forward to hearing your goals for advancing our Nation's sustainable, diversified, and self-reliant energy future.    As I said to the Secretary when he was up here this week, one can look no further than my district where in our region we see a company like Nature Fresh from Canada come and make a $175 million investment in a new, I think about 200 acre, undercover production for vegetables using the CO<INF>2</INF> off of North Star Steel. I am telling you, this thing is delivering tomatoes and peppers to Kroger Company this month for the first time. It is astounding to witness the changes, the way our private sector is transforming based on a new energy future. So I am just so excited about what you do and we look forward to your testimony today. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much. I wanted to ask Dr. Orr, first on sustainable water utilities, your budget request includes $9 million for work in energy efficient resource recovery in water supply and waste water infrastructure. I also note you have a desalinization initiative. Desalinization does not affect the Great Lakes, but I will tell you, algae does. Particularly in Lake Erie, but recently in the Ohio River last year. And when I asked the Secretary the other day about this issue of the Great Lakes versus the coasts, salty water versus fresh water the answer he gave was, well, look at our proposal for regional centers.    But I am asking you, in terms of what our urban water systems are facing in places like Toledo, a place called Carol Township, Ohio which had to shut down its water system a couple of years ago because of algal blooms. What Sandusky faces, Loraine, and ultimately, Cleveland. This is a big issue for us. The algae is being produced because of excess of nutrients. But I am really interested in how the Department of Energy might look at this region to deal with the daunting challenge, certainly we will see it this year, of a watershed that is being heavily impacted by algae, and where our utility plants are spending enormous amounts of money. Not just on chemicals, but on electricity to do what they have to do to provide pure water, and frankly, treat the waste water. So my question is, for the $9 million for your work in energy efficient resource recovery in water supply and waste water infrastructure can you outline what you are hoping to achieve with this funding? And if I can get you a little bit to think about the Great Lakes I would sure appreciate it.    Ms. Kaptur. This is not under your energy and water initiative, this is a separate----    Ms. Kaptur. We each represent a place and I would urge you as you think through how this initiative, along with the energy water nexus initiative is going to work, to seriously look at Lake Erie. It is the shallowest of the Great Lakes and because of climate change, without ice cover in the winter, there is more evaporation and because we have the largest watershed in the entire Great Lakes that dumps into Lake Erie with all those nutrients, we have a huge problem and the amount of those nutrients is increasing. This cannot continue, it simply cannot continue and we have now had alarming things happen with our freshwater systems; meanwhile the plant operators are spending more and more on electricity to do what needs to be done to provide a freshwater supply to people so it is really at a tripwire stage.    Ms. Kaptur. And a lot of what I have read about algae, usually what goes on is they have to produce new algae to create fuel where you are looking at biofuels but here you have this stewpot that is already out there. I do not know if we can collect these materials; that is another issue but I would like to stop them from flowing into, we actually need to arrest them from flowing into the lake.    Ms. Kaptur. And the resource recovery issue which you kind of hinted at, I read an article recently about phosphorous over the next--already we are in a phosphorous deficit situation globally and what it is going to require would be phosphorous recovery in order to help our farmer that needs a bit of refinement maybe on the second round you can talk a little bit more about how you view the energy water nexus, what progress you have made since it was first discussed in the 2014 report and I will wait for the second round to do that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to go back, Dr. Orr, to the issue of municipal utility systems, and ask, do you or any of your colleagues have any example at DOE on where the department has worked with a local municipality to make their energy use more efficient by reducing their energy costs for water and wastewater treatment?    And in doing so, integrating the full range of Department of Energy technologies that might involve a new conduit, grid modernization, on-site installation of renewable energy technologies, including sensors, and implementing wastewater resource recovery so that we can recover essential elements, such as phosphorus, in the organics that result at the end of the treatment process?    Do you have any example literally where the department has put its full weight behind transforming a community's utility system?    Ms. Kaptur. First of all, thank you for the fine work you do, and I hope you keep thinking along those lines because as I said to the Secretary, one thing I have noticed, I have served on almost a majority of the subcommittees of the Appropriations committee in my career, and one of the startling facts for the Department of Energy as critical as your work is, I have found a remarkable lack of sensitivity to place, and your authorizing legislation probably does not give you full weight in that regard.    I have found lots of separate programs, but no integration, and certainly at the community levels at which we work, and I think Congressman Honda was referencing some issues this morning, and I think the chairman was.    I think your department has in some ways been cordoned off from that kind of thinking to relate to regions and places. I think you have a lab perspective, which is critical for the work that you do, but it is a little bit hard to integrate your programs, and I do not think it serves America as well as it could.    If you need additional authorizing power, let us know. I think when you create something like an energy-water nexus that gives you the ability to integrate.    Along those lines, let me also ask about the weatherization program. Congresswoman Roybal-Allard asked about the program. Again, here, do you have any examples of communities that have benefitted from weatherization assistance in accessing it through the states, but have developed robust local partnerships that use all of DOE's energy programs to help revitalize and target those dollars to neighborhoods, not just individual homes, but integrating your technologies along with those weatherization programs through workforce training and development, in places where these investments are made, accessing historic preservation, which is not your job but it exists out there, grid modernization, where it is possible, recapture of waste energy where possible, installation of renewables where it is possible, sensors where it is possible.    So, again, will you target that weatherization in a way, even though it is a smaller program, where it really can have a major impact?    I will just say in one of the regions I represent, there is a historic neighborhood. Unfortunately, the weatherization program, it comes in and does its thing, but what it could do if it could link these other assets that you have and other partners--it could do so much more.    It seems to be unable to do that because the dollars flow through the state and the state is a long way from neighborhoods, at the local municipal level, let's say.    So, do you have any examples where that broader approach has been taken, to your knowledge?    Ms. Kaptur. Literally, I represent neighborhoods where there is waste heat right near these homes, and there is no thinking about how to work with industry. The weatherization program comes in here, it does not connect at the local level.    So, I would urge you. We put extra money in the budget for 2016 for weatherization. I do not know if your authority allows you to try to create some pilots around the country where you try to integrate programs. Please let me know if something prevents you from doing that. I do not think you are having maximum impact.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you for your openness to that very, very much. I think we could do something to modernize what is happening out there in the country.    Finally, in terms of industrials, to change the subject to industrial assessment centers, Dr. Orr, I am glad to see the ongoing support for these. I would like to hear a little bit more about it, but I wanted to put this on the record this morning.    I probably represent one of the largest automotive platforms in the country. I represent the largest Chrysler Fiat plant on the continent, with the manufacturer of the Wrangler and the Cherokee. I also represent General Motors' sole transmission facility, where we have moved from V4 to V6 to V8, and we are going up to V10, and becoming more energy efficient, serving all of its product lines.    I represent GM's plant at Parma, Ohio, also. I think all of my automotive plants would benefit by your expertise in helping them save on their energy bill. Those components going to the Cruze, one of our most efficient GM vehicles. I represent Ford's breakthrough EcoBoost plant at Brook Park, very important in the energy efficiency of Ford, and also I represent their heavy truck plant at Avon Lake, Ohio, that was repatriated from Mexico.    So, it would be great to have some kind of a forum where we could look at the combined energy use. One of the GM plants has put a solar roof on their facility. To help these companies, which can go global at any point and outsource their production, to look at energy and figure out hey, what can we do here to secure this manufacturing, critical manufacturing, for our country.    So, if there is something you could do through this industrial assessment center to look at corridors like this. Just down the road is the General Dynamics tank plant. You know, we have big manufacturing in our region.    Ask the question of how can the industrial assessment centers be used to help small and medium facilities look for energy savings opportunities?    Ms. Kaptur. Every day when I am home I drive by the--and I am not criticizing--I am just reporting that the Chrysler facility, Chrysler Fiat facility at Toledo there is a big methane plume that just keeps burning off. And I see that and I go, is this really the best thing we can do? And I keep looking at what is going on across the region in these big plants, and so I will look forward to that, and I thank the Chairman for his forbearance on this. It is really important to our area.    Ms. Kaptur. I actually do, Mr. Chairman, I do. I do. I wanted to ask about the offshore wind demonstrations and Dr. Orr, could you give us an update on the status of those?    Ms. Kaptur. And when we could expect a decision on advancing some of the proposals.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. I thank you for that clarification. On regional energy innovation partnerships, how do you see these partnerships coalescing?    Ms. Kaptur. And you would have to wait for your 2017 budget in order to implement that? There is nothing in the 2016?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. On vehicle technologies, let me ask, do you have examples of where, successful examples of where natural gas has been integrated now into major fleets, truck fleets and are they cost competitive?    Ms. Kaptur. All right. What about public fleets, bus systems, or post office vehicles? Do you have any--is there any activity there on the natural gas side conversion?    Ms. Kaptur. Post office vehicles.    Ms. Kaptur. Does your legislation not allow it?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. I appreciate that very much, and my final question will be Dr. Smith, or Secretary Smith has sat there today and has not been asked very many questions.    Ms. Kaptur. And in view of the emphasis that is being placed in other places in the budget, what can you tell us about fossil fuels and your priorities in this budget?    Ms. Kaptur. Where are the majority of those coal capture systems installed? Where are they?    Ms. Kaptur. I thought of one other question, Mr. Chair. Does the Department of Energy have a list, by state or region, of waste heat, facilities generating a great deal of waste heat and what type of waste heat it is.    Ms. Kaptur. And what about steel plants?    Ms. Kaptur. What about refineries?    Ms. Kaptur. What about 100 megawatt natural gas plant?    Ms. Kaptur. I am very interested in--this is very hard information to obtain, I would like to let you know. And it is very important for our region's economic growth to know where these waste heat sources are. But where does one go? Do you have to call every company?    Ms. Kaptur. Where they might be.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. Thank you.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. Thank you so very much. Thank you, Mr. Chair.of business Friday to provide them to the subcommittee office. With that, I will turn to our ranking member, Ms. Kaptur, for her opening statement. Ms. Kaptur.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. You look good in that position. And we want to welcome back Dr. Orr and Dr. Murray for being with us today and for the very laudable job that you both do.    The United States is known and respected around the world as a leader in innovation. Scientific research continues to yield important discoveries that have changed the way we live and work from cell phones to high yield props to biotech medicines. At the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris, President Obama joined world leaders from 19 other countries to launch Mission Innovation. The initiative seeks to double Federal clean energy, research, and development investments government wide over the next 5 years.    As part of this effort the Office of Science receives an increase of $276 million from this year's funding levels. I hope you will share your thoughts on how this effort will support innovation in the public sphere. We must harness the work of our best and brightest to drive domestic growth and help make American manufacturing globally competitive. While the value of funding scientific and other research is well-established, Federal resources remain limited and will remain so for the near term, it appears. Research, especially in science, can provide enormous value, but it is a long term and sometimes indirect investment that is too easily sacrificed for short term concerns. It would be helpful to hear from you about the long term consequences of this kind of underinvesting in science and research. We need to understand the tradeoffs that we are making in the name of budget scarcity.    Scientific exploration can sometimes provide opportunities for immediate benefit. In certain cases tools and equipment designed for research can be applied to manufacturing processes to increase efficiency or improve product quality.    Advanced devices and computers can help advance our understanding of basic science and help companies find solutions to challenging technical hurdles. With this in mind, I want touch briefly on the National Labs which are rightly viewed as a National Asset, and aren't they that.    Coming from an area without a National Lab, as most members do, I continue to wrestle with how the labs can play a significant transformational role for organizations beyond their boundaries and help jump start American innovation, including in manufacturing, but not solely there, in other parts of the country. I hope you will share your thoughts on this and the other questions I posed, and I look forward to your insight, and I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the time.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. This committee has been ensuring support for American manufacturing for a number of years, and the department's budget request continues to have a significant emphasis on this area. Drs. Orr and Murray, how do the major science facilities, such as Light Sources, support American manufacturing, and have you made any changes since last year to increase support for American industry?    Ms. Kaptur. I am going to push you a little bit, Doctor. The question related to your reply here is what thoughts do you have on how the Department of Energy and the National Labs can improve their interaction with industry? I am going to give you a real life example of what happened.    Ms. Kaptur. Because I attempted to work with your labs. I will not say which ones, and I come from part of the country, as I said in the prior session, with a massive manufacturing. Massive. But we also have agriculture. And as I looked at the amount of jobs that have been outsourced from our region. Actually, in Indianapolis Carrier just announced it is moving to Monterrey, Mexico, 2,100 jobs. I thought how are we going to grow jobs here? One area where we can is in agriculture, but industrial agriculture.    So, 2 years ago I went to one of the labs and I said, look, I need your help. Here is an example of an industry where we need material science to develop a better four season canopy, more energy efficient, more light sensitive in the sense the wave lengths matter, frequencies matter in the production of plants. And I said, so I want you to help me design a new envelope because for us to be successful we cannot have a third to a half of the bottom line being energy. We have got to figure out how to control the energy issue, and we have got to have robust plant life in there, and we have got to cut the carbon footprint because we cannot keep shipping half our fruits and vegetables from California. We have got to empower other parts of the country, and we can do it because we have the water.    It took almost a year and three quarters, and one of your famous labs got back to me and said, this is not our job. This is the Department of Agriculture's job. Well, I was very disappointed because the Department of Agriculture is using old technology. But what happened was the private sector did something incredible. They just invested $200 million or $175 million, a company from Canada in our region, to build a state of the art, not new material science, but using the materials we have rather well, and the waste heat off of a steel company called North Star, CO<INF>2</INF>, 200 acre greenhouse undercover. It is going to supply Kroeger Company which just bought Harris Teeter about a year and a half ago.    That one place is going to expand exponentially because of what is going on in the environment. But I sort of look back at that experience with DOE and think to myself, and I am not blaming you. I am not blaming anybody. Again, it is a resistance to place and to dealing with reality on the ground, trying to apply this high science to real production, and I still place the challenge out there for my region of the company. Help us cut the energy use in these industrial agriculture facilities from one-third to half to less than 10 percent. How do we do that and measure the nutrients, water? Work with light rays in a manner that is off the charts, so that we target a certain type of ray to a certain type of plant?    I ask myself, do we really need light permeable coverings or could we do this in rooms like this. There is a lot of LED lighting going on now that we are using for plant production in some of our cities. So I really want DEO involved in this. I think it could help to give rebirth to the Great Lakes. So I am not being selfish here. I am trying to be innovative, but that is a real thing that happened with DOE, and now we are saying can DOE and DOA work together? Why should we waste 2 years on this? I mean, what a waste of time. We should have had cooperation like that. And so I point that out as a concern to mine. So my question is, what questions do you have on how the Department of Energy and the National Labs can improve their interaction with industry?    Ms. Kaptur. Well, I would just make a formal request. When you are ready, hopefully it will not take 2 years, to find a way for your agency to interact with our major growers in our part of the country. And by the way, that particular corridor stretches from Erie, Pennsylvania to Kalamazoo, Michigan to all of Northern Ohio. It is a massive production platform with fresh water, and we need four season solutions because of what is happening with climate.    And then earlier, I had asked about the automotive platform, the manufacturing. If you could find the right people within the department somewhere I would bring everybody together who cares about energy in the industrial agriculture field, and in vehicular manufacturing to see how they could relate to you. Because we do not have a lab in our area.    Ms. Kaptur. I will just end with this, Mr. Chairman. One of the automotive plants I represent which is a big one, the North American president of that operation I was with him at a ribbon cutting. I said, what can I do to help you? He goes, help me figure out what to do about energy in this particular plant. So I just put that out there.    Ms. Kaptur. A practical request.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very, very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Kaptur. Yes. As I am listening to all this, Mr. Chairman, I keep looking at the budget request of $5.672 billion. It is not a small budget.    Ms. Kaptur. And I think about the panel we had earlier in the week when we asked, what do you consider to be your major challenges, in addition to the work you do, and basically it was, those that will follow us. And how do we make science of interest to the next generation.    And I keep rolling that over in my mind and looking at your budget, and thinking to myself, can the Department of Energy be more relevant to the next generation than it currently is? Not that you are irrelevant, you are not, because you have internships and you bring up labs, and so forth, but I thought I would just put this in, because I find Secretary Moniz most captivating, and he was up here before the committee the other day, and he is quite able to communicate. He has a very special gift.    So I am asking you to be messengers back to the Department of Energy, thinking about all of your labs, and how can we create programming that would be shared with our science centers. Cleveland has the Great Lakes Science Center; Toledo has Imagination Station, there are science centers around the country, or with public television. Does the Department of Energy have any role to play?    Now I have all these images of Dr. Moniz being a part of programming, like, there was a DVD called ``Finding Nemo'' a few years ago. It was the best-selling DVD of all time. And it was the two highest grossing G-rated films ever in our country, so I guess I could say, Finding Ernie, or Traveling with Ernie, and I could see part of this budget, part of this budget, and he would like to be inside the internal combustion engine that I saw in one of your labs in California, trying to figure out how propulsion really works.    That registers in my part of the country where, you know, you have drugs, drips, and cars are made and all. But you could make it fun, you could task each one of your labs, you have got all these labs, 2 dozen labs every year, each of them would have to come up with two ideas that could be put to film, right. So, we then find him inside of algae in Lake Erie, and maybe going down with a snorkel and those things you put on your feet, what do you call those, when you swim.    Ms. Kaptur. Flippers, flippers, right. So he is down there, then I think about the laser beam projects that I have seen, and can you imagine, you know, up on a wind turbine up there at NREL. I mean, there are all kinds of places you could be finding Ernie or traveling with Ernie, and we need a modern day Mr. Wizard. I was sort of auditioning you, Dr. Orr, and you have a wonderful voice, and you look a little bit like Mr. Wizard when I grew up.    Ms. Kaptur. I thought he was a very good-looking man, he used to wear, like tweed jackets, right. But I keep thinking, but how do we reach out, teachers could do this, you would have DVD, you could put, you know, public television could do it, we have to do something to break through the clutter, and you have this vast indecipherable world, it is like a planetary system to its own, but it has such unmapped potential to teach. That is not what you are authorized to do. That is the Department of Education. They are not succeeding in their mission, so they need some help.    And I am not against them, but I see these assets that are not fully operationalized, and you have got intrigue. You have got unbelievable capacity and there is a communications budget at DOE, and it would not take that much. And obviously the secretary, his friends in high places, like at Google, and they hand out all these keyboards and all this stuff, you know. There is really something that can be done. So I just want you to think about it.    Ms. Kaptur. Just communicate a message back. That was not really a question. I will be pleased to yield to the gentleman.    Ms. Kaptur. He could, out of a battery.    Ms. Kaptur. Well, we could cast people in his like, but I would say, you have a gold mine, and I do not feel that gold mine, I can guarantee you, you talk about usage from Ohio, yeah, we have got usage, but if you look at the number of people that you directly touch at your labs, it is a very small percentage of the American people. But you have a powerhouse inside those labs and inside your department, and the department is a rather--compared to the SBA, you do not meet the ground.    You are into the future, but it is that intrigue that could captivate, I think audiences, and we have platforms to display you, you just do not give yourselves to us in a way that is easily accessible to the American people, and I am just pushing you a little bit to say, think about that. With a $5.67 billion budget I think that we have the capacity to reach deeper into the country, so just, Dr. Murray, you are an educator, you are a researcher, you understand this and we have to reach the next generation in a really fun way.    Ms. Kaptur. I will tell you. When I went out to one of your labs and I saw, based from the nuclear research that the department does, this film, and you could not even see it, but at the end of it, was a nuclear chip that is being developed to use in medical to irradiate bad cells, not the good cells, just the bad cells, and it was, I do not know how many years from development, but I thought imagine if somebody at Cleveland Clinic, which is one of the institutes, imagine if those students could see that.    Imagine if the Great Lakes Science Center in Cleveland could broadcast this, can you imagine the number of--it takes you into the future. And that is what you really do, and I think that is where young people would be attracted if you could somehow put a ring of folks around yourself, to disgorge what is already in your purview, it is just locked up.    And I am going to get a little political now. We talk about 1 percent versus 99 percent, the 99 percent, large numbers of them need to understand why you are relevant. And I think that this is a way to do it, while we do the most important task and that is to raise the next generation to love science, to not be afraid of it, to understand how it relates to their lives, and to see that it is part of the magic that is going to help America and the world.    And right how it is locked up. It is really--I read in one piece of the testimony 31,000 people users or something, these must be direct users of the lab, they have 325 million people now, or something. The way political people look, the way I look at that is, there is a mismatch here, between those that are creating the funds for the $5.67 billion to be transferred to the Department, and those that are directly involved.    So I have made my point. But I want you to think hard about that, and I said that to the prior panel too, we need a modern day Mr. Wizard, we need that face, and if Nemo could do it, certainly, an institution with billions of dollars, and an interest in the future can help our country. So I am just challenging your staff and those who are listening. And I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Dr. Regalbuto, welcome to the subcommittee and thank you for taking time this morning to discuss the Environmental Management Program.    The program faces massive challenges. You surely know that; we thank you for taking on this responsibility. The legacy of the Manhattan Project is an obligation we as a country must address. The continued issues at the waste isolation plant and at Hanford are illustrative of not only the dangers posed by the remaining materials, but also the technical and budgetary challenges that further complicate the eventual success of the Department's efforts.    The budgetary challenges this year are exacerbated by the ill-conceived movement of a portion of the program to mandatory funding. There remain lingering concerns about the Department's safety culture. With such a critical mission the work environment at your sites must ensure employee concerns are addressed in a timely manner and without fear of retribution. Given the constrained fiscal environment it will be crucial that all resources are employed to their fullest potential. Therefore, issues of project management and corporate governance are increasingly vital to the success of the Department's mission. The Department must follow through with strong leadership and fundamental management reform. And failing to do so will significantly inhibit the execution of this mission as well as the Department's credibility.    Finally, I would like to reiterate the budget hurdles posed by the use of mandatory funding and uranium sales to fund this important work. While I appreciate the Department is working with me to address concerns at the Portsmouth site, your budget effectively requests no funding for the uranium enrichment D&D fund. Though the Portsmouth site is one of three primary sites funded by this account, and is not in my district though it is in my State, and it is one of the highest unemployment counties in our country. Additional job losses and job uncertainty send harmful waves throughout the local economies of these sites. I hope we can continue working together to minimize instability and ultimately complete the important cleanup work at the site and find a way to transition workers who may be losing their positions.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the time.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Doctor, in order to give the public a sense of how much has been accomplished and what remains to be accomplished, you stated in your testimony there is about 300 square miles left of various types of cleanup. Put that in context for the American people, how much has been expended to take care of how many square miles? You say in your testimony what is remaining is some of the most daunting cleanup. Could you explain where we are on a platform here to finish this? Put it in a context.    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. Thank you very much.    Ms. Kaptur. So these are all the sites?    Ms. Kaptur. In terms of the number of square miles already completed.    Ms. Kaptur. If there are 300 left how many--is it really the square miles or is it the amount of material?    Ms. Kaptur. Material. So on a scale of 1 to 100 are we 25 percent done, 50 percent done?    Ms. Kaptur. The whole cleanup project.    Ms. Kaptur. Right.    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. All right. A very straightforward answer. And at a level of close to $6 billion a year, then how many years would it take us to complete this work?    Ms. Kaptur. All right. Thank you very much. That is a good way to begin this hearing. Thank you, Doctor.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Dr. Regalbuto, the Department of Energy has failed to reach a number of cleanup milestones, most of which are part of an agreement with the State; some, like Hanford and Idaho, are subject to fines and penalties through the courts. How does DOE pay fines when they are assessed by the States or the courts, and do these come from the judgment fund, as many people believe, or must they be paid from appropriations?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. I want to go back to my original question about how much we have done and how much remains ahead, and you said, in most of the most serious categories, we have cleaned up about 60 percent of all material?    Ms. Kaptur. That excludes the water and the items that are in--the quantities that are in tanks?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. So that is what remains. If we are expending $6 billion a year and we will not be finished for 50 to 75 years, going back to the start of this program, can you estimate how much we have spent to date cumulatively on all cleanup dating back to what year?    Ms. Kaptur. Since 1988.    Ms. Kaptur. How many?    Ms. Kaptur. I think in one of the facilities you closed and cleaned up Fernald, gaseous diffusion in Ohio, we are very glad to see that gone.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. I am sure that the chairman would agree. We can put that into the record. Since you mentioned mercury, the export ban was established on mercury in 2008 and was contingent on our country establishing a domestic long-term storage facility. But DOE has made little progress, if any, on getting that facility up and running, so you began discussing that. Could you give us a little bit of an update? You talked about technology, what progress you have made, how soon could a storage facility location be selected. Can storage fees be structured to fully offset the costs of what will be required?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. And what about the storage fees? Are you saying Legacy Management is the one that will take care of that as well?    Ms. Kaptur. Ok. Thank you for that clarification. I have other questions, but I am sure the chairman does as well, and I will.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much, I appreciated Congressman Visclosky's emphasis on the amount of time this is taking. I wanted to ask about the funding for the environmental management program and how many of the milestones or those that you anticipate to miss over the next few years are strictly funding related and how many are due to other issues and could you discuss those issues?    Ms. Kaptur. I want to ask a question about the reindustrialization of cleanup sites, Doctor. As you make progress on the cleanup of the Manhattan Project sites, we always face the issue of how communities cope with that change and DOE is the primary employer at most of the cleanup sites, because those sites were initially located far from habitation. What can DOE do to promote future industrial or other uses of these cleanup sites? How early should that planning begin? And are there any examples you can describe where you think DOE has done this or other Departments have done this well?    Ms. Kaptur. I really appreciate your openness to this and as I said at other meetings, I think one of the greatest weaknesses of the Department of Energy because of the way that it was set up is that it doesn't think about place and I have often wondered whether it does need additional authorities to do that. This Secretary is trying very hard to think that way.    And if I look at Ohio and the Piketon area and the D&D activities that are anticipated there, those are probably the highest unemployment counties in Ohio. So as this ratchets down one of the difficulties DOE really has, in my opinion, is working cross-departmentally, across the Federal establishment, to work with the Department of Labor, let us say, several of the trades that are onsite, looking at some of the new clean energy initiatives. I do not know what those counties would want to do. I don't represent those counties, but I really think that our country could do a much better job of transitioning these people and communities.    We saw this in the coal situation where because of the mothballing of old coal-fired utilities you have entire States, our chairman from Kentucky, Mr. Rogers, experiences this firsthand. And Ohio, southeastern Ohio, is a tragedy in terms of what has happened in that industry, but it seems like we cannot catch up to ourselves. It is like we are too stovepiped at the Federal level.    So as you work through this, if you have recommendations to us on additional authorities you might need, I think you could sign interagency agreements. I am not sure you need any additional authority, but it just seems to me that the Federal Government is too far away from where people live and you have such massive responsibilities just on the technical side, this really is not in your portfolio exactly.    But it sure would be fine to see a way of approaching these communities, as you say, that we plan ahead, we work with the people there, and we do our best to minimize damage to human beings and their livelihoods. So I want to encourage you on in those efforts and I thank you for listening to that.    I wanted to ask one additional question in this round on the Manhattan Project National Park, which is our newest national park authorized by the 2015 Defense Authorization Bill actually, and there was no funding. And my question is what is DOE doing to support opening these legacy sites to the public and are you paying for the cost of the national park? And is this a cost, as we believe it is, of the Department of Energy instead of the cost of the Park Service?    Ms. Kaptur. So, on the Manhattan Project National Park, how is that cost-shared? Is it half and half, if you look at the total cost of operating those?    Ms. Kaptur. And what are you paying--what are you asking for this next fiscal year of 2017?    Ms. Kaptur. I think that would be very helpful to us. Are all those facilities safe for public access?    Ms. Kaptur. Will you have to build new infrastructure?    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much. I think it is important for the record, for those who may be listening to our words, that your request for close to $6 billion this year actually constitutes a very large share of DOE's entire budget, much larger than other programs. I think of weatherization of $270 million. So, this is a very, very important office that you head.    In terms of overbudget projects, it is my understanding that Environmental Management has about $15 billion worth of ongoing projects that are still considered to be either behind schedule or overbudget, and many of those do not have a valid project baseline against which project performance can be measured.    For instance, there have been some references made to this, the Waste Treatment Plant, the most expensive project in the entire Federal Government, was last estimated in 2006 to cost $12.3 billion, and that was before DOE became aware of major design flaws. What is the current estimated cost for completing that project?    Ms. Kaptur. May I ask, why does it take until 2022, just lack of money?    Ms. Kaptur. So, you cannot really state the current estimated cost for completing the project?    Ms. Kaptur. Do you expect it to go up?    Ms. Kaptur. A lot?    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much. Let me ask you about replenishing the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund. The Department recently gave the committee a report on that, and it states that the fund will have a shortfall of up to $19.2 billion, and without additional deposits, the fund is projected to be exhausted in 2022.    Your Department's proposal is to transfer a couple hundred million dollars from one fund to another. It seems to be a drop in the bucket in comparison to the projected shortfall you will be facing. Your proposal does not seem to be a comprehensive solution.    What is DOE's long-term plan for meeting these cleanup costs?    Ms. Kaptur. All of them?    Ms. Kaptur. What was your reference to trained individuals to do the job? Could you expand on that?    Ms. Kaptur. Does your training account for part of the basic budget or is it a separate account?    Ms. Kaptur. Is there a way your Department or your office could provide to us the types of workers? How do you categorize the skills or the hiring categories? Are you able to do that, the kinds of workers you need to train?    Ms. Kaptur. Do you know how many of your workers are union workers?    Ms. Kaptur. I am interested because one of my interests for the Department as a whole is to get a better relationship between the training academies of these various skilled trades, and what tends to happen with the Department's relationships is they go to community colleges and universities, and I am not against that. However, in our part of the country, we have major training academies, whether you are a plumber and pipefitter, whether you are an electrician, whether you are an ironworker, where they are teaching.    It has been my experience with the Department of Energy that they do not even realize--they do not even have a list of where these academies are. That was shocking to me, particularly in the area of nuclear power where it was, in fact, these trained workers, not because of the Department of Energy and not because of the local energy company, but because of the building trades that trained these workers, that literally saved thousands of lives in my part of the country because of what they detected in a faulty plant, nuclear plant.    So, somehow we have to figure out a way of at least introducing the Department to the leaders of these academies, and if you are open to that, in terms of your skills training, I would love to find a way for you to meet some of them, where they are actually operating schools, big ones.    Ms. Kaptur. Right.    Ms. Kaptur. Well, if you are ever flying over Ohio, I would ask you to parachute down, and I would like to introduce you to some incredible workers whose training was amazing in what they did and their bravery in a couple of situations that was historic.    I do not think they get the kind of recognition that they deserve, so it might be really interesting to host a meeting at one of these training academies, I would say probably the electrical, because there are two parts to the electrical union, and one works in nuclear power plants.    Just to put on the record, what motivates me is that they were aware of certain things happening in this particular plant, and ultimately, it was not under your jurisdiction, it was the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, but the plant had to be shut down because the head on the reactor was subject to coming off.    As the NRC began investigating what went wrong, they followed where these workers had stayed in various hotels, and there were nuclear particles in the hotel rooms. These people were carrying nuclear particles themselves.    So, it is the new century--actually, it was at the end of the 20th century, and this is how we continue to treat workers in America. I am really driven on this.    I would just like to watch an interaction between some of your representatives with some of our training academies to see if we cannot do a better job, and giving them a pathway to work with the Department of Energy more directly.    What tends to happen in our area is if the community colleges are involved in training, they hire these people to do the training. I do not sense that there is that direct a connection with the Department of Energy in our region of the country. Maybe it is different in Indiana, maybe it is different in Tennessee, but I would just make that request.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you. I do not want to inconvenience you, but when you find the right person, please let us know.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you.