    Mr. Schmidt. Thank you, Chairman Conway, distinguished Members. I am David Schmidt, President and CEO of the International Food Information Council and Foundation. We effectively communicate science-based information on food safety and nutrition issues to health professionals, journalists, educators, government officials and consumers. We are fortunate to receive support for our programs from leading food, beverage, and agricultural companies, but I must clarify that we don't represent those industries.    Last year, IFIC conducted the 2014 Consumer Perceptions of Food Technology Survey. It was our 16th such survey since 1997. The survey polled 1,000 adults who are reflective of the U.S. population, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Our survey begins with open-ended questions, which are more reliable when it comes to taking the real pulse of consumers than surveys with a small number of carefully worded questions designed to provoke concerns.    When it comes to food labels, the results show that biotechnology, or even the phrase GMOs, is not a top-of-mind concern for the vast majority of consumers. Following the open-ended questions, we get more specific about biotechnology and genetic engineering, but please note that we do not use the term GMO for two major reasons. Number one, The U.S. FDA has provided labeling guidance to industry, reaffirmed as recently as April 2013, that the scientifically accurate terms are bioengineered, genetically engineered, or foods produced using biotechnology. Their analysis considers the term genetically modified organism, or GMO, as potentially misleading to consumers because it is a distinction without a difference. And as you said, Mr. Chairman, humans have been genetically modifying crops and animals for tens of thousands of years.    Number two, our own consumer research since the early 1990s has found GMO, as a phrase, to be off-putting at best or even frightening to many consumers. And unfortunately in today's marketplace, it is used as something to avoid and a pejorative, rather than a way to inform consumers.    When we first asked if people were avoiding any particular foods or ingredients in their diet, only two percent of total respondents mentioned biotech food or even similar terms like GMOs. Then we asked them if they could think of any information that currently is not on food labels but should be. Three-quarters of them, 75 percent, said no. Just four percent said that labels should carry information about genetic engineering or related terms. Two-thirds of Americans said they were confident in the safety of the food supply. When we asked people about their specific food safety concerns, biotech or any related term was far down the list at seven percent. When we asked the respondents to offer their impressions of food biotechnology before mentioning any benefits, there was an almost-even split between 28 percent who were favorable and 29 percent unfavorable with more than four in ten either neutral or didn't know.    The survey then asked about which sources of information on food biotechnology consumers trust most. Health organizations, cited by 50 percent of consumers ranked first, followed by Federal Government agencies and health professionals at 45 percent each. We then focused on attitudes toward particular benefits of food biotechnology.    Referring back to my point on language above, it is not surprising that consumers may shy away when provoked to be concerned about ``genetically modified organisms in your food.'' But notice the difference in support when we use more informative language to explain some of the benefits of the technology. Seventy-two percent said they were likely to purchase products made with oils modified by biotechnology to provide more healthful fats. Sixty-nine percent were likely to buy such products if they were modified to reduce the potential for carcinogens, and 69 percent also said they would buy bread, crackers, cookies, cereals, or pasta made with flour modified to use less land, water, and/or pesticides.    Next, we returned to labeling issues and tried to get at consumers' attitudes another way, by asking whether people favored the current FDA policy regarding foods produced using biotechnology. We told them the policy requires special labeling only when biotechnology's use substantially changes the food's nutritional content or when a potential safety issue such as a food allergen is identified. Otherwise, special labeling is not required. Sixty-three percent of respondents supported the current FDA policy, while 19 percent opposed it. In fact, every survey we have conducted since 1997 has found a strong majority of Americans support this FDA labeling policy.    When we looked more generally at the most favored uses of food biotechnology, reducing pesticide applications topped the list, followed by keeping food prices stable and helping feed undernourished people around the world.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me emphasize that in our nearly 2 decades of consumer research, we have learned that consumers are supportive of the many benefits of food and agricultural biotechnology when clearly articulated. The food label is not a playground for every bit of information someone might want to know. We rely on the FDA to ensure that the precious real estate available on a food label is reserved for important health, ingredient, and nutrition information, and it is clear that a strong majority of Americans have confidence in the FDA's labeling policy for foods produced using biotechnology. Thank you for this opportunity to share consumers' perspectives.    Mr. Schmidt. If I could also add, too, in terms of my testimony and my history, earlier in my career I worked for the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service and worked with many talented regulators, with the career staff, also at the Food and Drug Administration, and we have had a lot of discussion about who knows? Who do we trust? I mean, these are the people that tax dollars go to determine what is important health, nutrition, and safety information? They, as many have testified, can regulate within the current needs, and there can be more legislation. But in the meantime, those are the folks who make those important decisions. Otherwise, there is chaos out there if we let everybody make those delineations.    Mr. Schmidt. Well, thank you. I think you have identified some of the things that have come forward today, that this is not a science debate or a safety debate. It has come down to a communications debate. And sometimes as you indicated, people are faced with fear and risk, and it has almost become a cult following among some to oppose this technology without any demonstration of actual harm or safety risks.    And so there needs to be even more leadership, whether it is Congress and the Administration, the industry, or academia to speak up, to have the bravery like Ms. Lidback to be steadfast with the facts, and there is strength in numbers. So the more people----    Mr. Schmidt. Thank you, Ms. Adams. Our survey found that 63 percent of U.S. consumers support the current FDA policy that says that there should not be any special labeling of foods produced through biotechnology unless there is a change in the nutritional content, introduction of a safety issue such as an allergen, and even then, you would identify what that change was, not the process used to produce the product. And so Americans do--so it is a case of when you explain information and give consumers credit, they tend to understand it and support it.    Mr. Schmidt. I have to say we have not done the economic studies ourselves, but you have heard some very compelling testimony from the panel regarding the economics of this, I just think in general everyone wants to provide an informed choice for consumers, but that word informed is critical. And too often we are allowing misinformed choices out there by not standing up and correcting misinformation in the marketplace. So that is the opportunity to be transparent, to provide as much information as possible that meets consumer interest and demand, while also keeping the marketplace fair for accurate information on food and nutrition.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Do you see any movement to label anything other than agricultural products with the same type of skull and crossbones, if you will?    Mr. Schmidt. Yes. As a communications group we hear ideas about labeling lots of different things. We know other industries--there has been some discussion about the alcohol industry, some calling for labeling there as well. You can ask consumers in general, would you like X to be labeled, and if you make it sound scary enough, everyone is going to say yes. And that is the thing about technology. It is easy to make it sound scary. Maybe it is less interesting to say that it is safe and effective, but those are the facts.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Well, the fact that Americans eat hundreds of millions of meals a day and we spend less for food than virtually any other industrialized nation out there is proof that what we have been doing is working, and if it wasn't, our life expectancy wouldn't be continuing to expand.    So thank you very much for being here. With that, I will turn it back over to the big Chairman.    The Chairman . I want to thank the panel for being here today. Dr. Federoff, a couple of things.    You were about to finish your comments about Round-Up and also from responding to Ms. Adams' comments--she had some question about Round-Up or glyphosate that you were going to answer. Did you have any comments about that one statement that came out Friday?