    Mr. Mattox. Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today.    Planned Parenthood benefits substantially from Medicaid. Despite providing only a limited selection of medical services, it annually receives over a half-billion taxpayer dollars. Over the last decade, Planned Parenthood's own annual reports indicate it has almost doubled its tax revenues, and it has reported $765 million in what it calls excess revenue, $127 million of that last year alone.    During the same time period, Planned Parenthood has reduced its cancer screenings by half and increased the number of abortions it performs even as the national abortion rate has declined, giving it a 40 percent market share, as Planned Parenthood's senior medical director, Deborah Nucatola, bragged in the first CMP video.    Planned Parenthood receives taxpayer dollars in many ways, but principally from Medicaid. Yet Planned Parenthood is unlike many other providers, not only because of its profits, but also because it has also been able to resist much of the corrective action that other Medicaid providers with its track record would expect. And unlike other Medicaid providers, Planned Parenthood has spent millions of dollars in recent elections supporting its preferred candidates. Planned Parenthood has a long history of actions that would have jeopardized its State Medicaid contracts were it any other provider.    The States regulate medicine, and the States supply their own tax dollars to Medicaid. Thus Congress did not create one Medicaid program. It created 50. States are free to craft their own programs to best serve their own citizens' needs, choosing which providers they will entrust with taxpayer dollars. The Medicaid Act itself and its legislative history affirm that States have broader authority than even the Federal Government to exclude providers from their Medicaid programs, and the courts have agreed.    Thus, over the last two decades, over 9,000 of the now 554,000 Medicaid providers in this country have been disqualified from State Medicaid programs. Those decisions are usually uncontroversial, but recent actions by the Federal Government to protect Planned Parenthood have undermined that Federal-State balance. When States choose not to contract with abortionists and their Medicaid programs, reasonably concerned that taxpayer dollars would subsidize those abortions, the administration issued a new interpretation of the Medicaid statute that purports to deny them the right to administer their State Medicaid program.    Recently, after several States terminated contracts with Planned Parenthood specifically, the administration expanded that interpretation, claiming that those States lacked the right to exclude individual providers suspected of violating the law, at least where Planned Parenthood is concerned. This despite the fact that each State has hundreds of other low-cost healthcare options for the few Planned Parenthood clinics' limited service.    The administration's actions are robbing the States of control over their own State Medicaid programs to protect a politically powerful but ethically and legally challenged organization. Congress can restore the proper balance, allowing States to determine which providers they trust with taxpayer dollars.    Any other Medicaid provider subject to multiple whistleblower lawsuits by former employees alleging tens of millions of dollars in waste, abuse, and potential fraud, which paid $4.3 million after being accused of submitting false claims by the Obama administration Department of Justice, which has been specifically identified as the source of over $8 million in Medicaid overpayments by Government audits, including submitting claims for abortion-related services, any other provider like that would not be surprised to have its Medicaid billing privileges suspended or even terminated.    Any other Medicaid provider caught having failed to report sexual abuse of minors at least a dozen times, including most recently a 14-year-old girl in Mobile, Alabama, who was returned twice, after two abortions in Mobile, returned twice to her abuser without reporting that information to authorities, any other Medicaid provider in that position would be surprised to only have their Medicaid privileges terminated.    Any other Medicaid provider that was paid by a for-profit company, StemExpress, for baby body parts where that company has claimed in writing to provide ``financial profits,'' quote, and ``fiscal rewards'' to abortion clinics in marketing materials bearing the endorsement of that Medicaid provider whose CEO acknowledged to Congress--we are not talking about the videos--acknowledged to Congress that it had received $60 per baby body part and could provide no evidence that actually connected those payments with any actual expenses that Planned Parenthood experienced, whose top-level management has been captured on hours of videos negotiating prices for those organs and the alteration of abortion methods against the mother's knowledge to obtain those organs for sale would rightfully expect that its Medicaid contract would be in jeopardy.    But Planned Parenthood is not any other Medicaid provider. It is a politically powerful organization that spends substantial sums from its sizeable excess revenues to maintain its funding and its political power, and Planned Parenthood is being protected by this administration.    Congress can reaffirm that the States have the authority to govern their own State Medicaid programs and make decisions that are in the interest of their citizens, even where Planned Parenthood is concerned.    Mr. Mattox. I strongly support the law as it is written.    Mr. Mattox. Sure. Under the Medicaid Act--and the legislative history of Medicaid Act also makes this very clear--the Federal Government has certain bases that it can exclude providers, but States are much more free. States can exclude for any other reason, is the term used in the Medicaid Act. They have a lot more power than the Federal Government does to exclude. And so States have excluded Medicaid providers on a number of bases that aren't set out for the Federal Government to exclude.    That includes, in the Ninth Circuit--and I am not typically in the position of citing decisions from the Ninth Circuit--but in the Ninth Circuit, in Guzman v. Shewry, the court held that during a pending investigation, that a provider can be excluded.    What that recognizes is that there is no liberty interest or a protectable right that Planned Parenthood or any other provider has to continuing to receive Medicaid funds. That is a privilege that they need to be able to earn from the taxpayers. They can go through an administrative process to appeal that if they would like to. But they don't have a right during a pending investigation to continue to receive those funds.    And I think if you step back from this for a moment and imagine that we are talking about something other than Planned Parenthood, that that is a self-evident proposition. The idea that a Medicaid provider that, for example, is a gynecologist that has been accused of abusing women, the idea that we would require that Medicaid continue to provide funding to that doctor until a jury actually convicted them would be abhorrent to most people. So that is not the rule----    Mr. Mattox. Sure.    Mr. Mattox. States have acted in several ways. First of all, Texas actually made a decision to exclude Planned Parenthood from its Women's Health Program, which is a Medicaid waiver program.    Interestingly, when it made that decision, I have heard some discussion about that here today, Planned Parenthood excluded them, and the number of contraception claims did immediately drop, but the actual pregnancy rate in Texas declined, as did the abortion rate in Texas. So we haven't seen in Texas the sort of public health catastrophe we were told to expect.    But Texas has done that. Indiana has also taken action, as well as Arizona. And the Federal Government stepped in and told them they were no longer permitted to act in that way to manage their own Medicaid programs because Planned Parenthood was involved.    Mr. Mattox. Sure. There have been over the last two decades or so about 9,000 providers excluded from Medicaid, and in most of those cases they are completely uncontroversial. People don't question that at all. When it is Planned Parenthood, however, you have the Center for Medicaid Services reinterpret the Medicaid statute to deny States the opportunity to exclude those providers. That is a privilege that other providers don't get to have.    Mr. Mattox. Sure. That is actually from a decision from the Seventh Circuit decision. The Seventh Circuit clarified that while an entire class of providers couldn't be excluded, but when you are talking about the State's power to exclude an individual provider, that the State absolutely had the authority to exclude not only on legal grounds, but also on ethical grounds a provider, which I would think most of us would think is a good thing.    Mr. Mattox. I believe--first of all, you actually have a letter from Cecile Richards, which I assume is an unedited letter from Cecile Richards, in which she actually says that Planned Parenthood is receiving $60 per part. At no point in that letter does she also say how they are actually accounting for that, how that applies in some way to any actual expenses. And remember that StemExpress, at least, is actually coming into the clinic. I have often seen the citations to, well, these are situations where, you know, this is compensating for transportation or storage. Well, it is not compensating for transportation or storage in those cases. And that is outside of the videos.    The full versions of these videos, let's be absolutely clear, if you have access to YouTube, you have access to the full versions of these videos. They are on YouTube. I know that because I have watched the full versions of the videos. They are there. As a matter of fact, without music.    So you can watch the full versions of the videos. The only portions of the videos that have been edited out are the portions when Mr. Daleiden or someone is in the bathroom, and I think we can all be grateful that he edited those portions out, and the portions where no one else is in the conversation, where it is him sitting alone or otherwise. So the full versions are available.    Mr. Mattox. Absolutely. The Guzman case in the Ninth Circuit indicates that States do not have to wait when they have reasonable belief that the law has been violated. They can suspend a Medicaid provider without having to have that person convicted by a jury.    Mr. Mattox. I have seen that report. I have read that report.    Mr. Mattox. Certainly. Texas' experience is that after Planned Parenthood was excluded, there was a very initial period where Texas had difficulty trying to find the right providers. They found those providers. And the result now in Texas is that--and these are uncontroversial conclusions from the State--the abortion rate has declined in Texas, the pregnancy rate has declined in Texas. So that has happened.    What we found is that when Planned Parenthood was taken out of the picture, the abortion rate and the pregnancy rate declined. Whether that is causation, I don't know.    But one reason why you might have seen the drop in claims actually submitted, another audit was just filed in March this year from HHS OIG that found another $129 million in overbilling to the same Women's Health Program, the same Texas Women's Health Program by Planned Parenthood.    So it very well may be that a lot of these contraceptive claims that Planned Parenthood was no longer filing were claims that they never should have been filing in the first place.    Mr. Mattox. Well, for CMS to act this way, it certainly is. For a State to act that way, no. For CMS to say we are no longer going to allow a State to make a decision about its Medicaid program because you have excluded a provider is a very new thing, and it is something that they have done with respect to Planned Parenthood, and I am not aware of any other provider that has received that kind of treatment.    For a State to act that way and say we are going to exclude certain providers because we think they are in violation of the law, States do that with some frequency. And there should be no question as to a State's power to do that, not only when there are convictions, but I would hope we could all agree that when a provider is suspected of fraud, as was the case in the Guzman case, that we are not going to require the Government to continue to provide taxpayer money to an organization suspected of fraud, for example, while we find out if they are actually going to be convicted of that.    Mr. Mattox. Sure. What CMS did was to interpret--issue an interpretation of the Medicaid Act to say that States could not exclude a provider where it would violate this ``free choice of provider'' provision, applying that specifically--or a class of providers--applying that specifically to decisions made by Indiana and later Arizona to exclude abortionists broadly.    More recently what CMS has done is to take that decision, saying that you can't exclude a class of providers, and apply it to a State's decision to exclude an individual provider in Planned Parenthood.    Mr. Mattox. Yes.    Mr. Mattox. Commissioner.    Mr. Mattox. That is correct, yes, sir.    Mr. Mattox. Only the Seventh and the Ninth Circuit have ruled on that.    Mr. Mattox. Right.    Mr. Mattox. Well, those two decisions said that you couldn't exclude an entire class of providers. What the Seventh Circuit then went on to say was that the State does have very broad power, much broader than the Federal Government, to exclude an individual provider----    Mr. Mattox . For both legal and ethical reasons.    Mr. Mattox. That is correct.    Mr. Mattox. That is correct. And in this case you actually have a--you know, this a question of whether a provider is entitled to Government money. They are not entitled to Government money.    Mr. Mattox. I am aware of something very similar where there was an organization, NARAL, who did investigations of pregnancy resource centers.    Mr. Mattox. So, I mean, NARAL did those investigations secretly, and you had a report that was actually submitted, the Waxman report, which is a well-known report, that was based on that sort of surreptitious evidence.    Mr. Mattox. Other than NARAL's efforts, I don't know of another example like that.    Mr. Mattox. I would first have to object to the term ``manipulated,'' because these videos, the full versions of the videos have been released.    Mr. Mattox. Sure. First of all, Planned Parenthood has received over the last 10 years about $4 billion in taxpayer funds. And the HHS OIG does investigations every so often of family planning programs. Usually those are not as to a specific provider, but in a few instances they are.    And what they have found in just 45 recent public audits, and these are all publicly released, we have a report that was just out this morning that details all of the publicly released audits, and what that shows is that Planned Parenthood specifically has been pointed to as having overbilled the Government by $8.5 million in those publicly released audits from HHS OIG and some from State sources.    In addition to that, you have another $4.3 million that Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast paid to the Justice Department when the Obama administration Justice Department said that they thought that Planned Parenthood had overbilled the Federal Government in the Texas Women's Health Program and the Texas Medicaid.    So in addition to that, you have a number of False Claims Act cases that ADF and others have represented around the country representing whistleblowers from Planned Parenthood, these are individuals who have worked at Planned Parenthood for a number of years, Abby Johnson, Sue Thayer in Iowa, and others who have alleged tens of millions of dollars in Medicaid fraud, and there are several of those cases that are ongoing around the country.    So there is a substantial reason for the taxpayers to be very concerned this is an organization that is able to profit off of Medicaid. As a matter of fact, if you look at their annual reports, again, you see $127 million in excess revenue last year. We have heard testimony earlier that Medicaid is not usually a program that you can profit from, but it seems that Planned Parenthood has found a way.    Mr. Mattox. Having watched the videos, the full videos, I have seen those quotes, and that does seem to certainly violate Federal law. That was a bipartisan law on how we are going to handle this fetal tissue donation question, and Congress agreed that we are not going to have people changing the way they are doing abortions for that purpose, and it certainly seems that is the case. And as a matter of fact, Cecile Richards in her letter of August 27 stated that that was the case, that they would adjust the procedures.    So I am not sure. Setting the videos aside, we have the current statement from the CEO of Planned Parenthood saying that they would adjust the procedures in order to obtain better tissue.    Mr. Mattox. I did not create them. I have watched them.    Mr. Mattox. I did not make the films.