    Mr. Graves . The gentleman from California, Mr. LaMalfa, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves. Mr. Clay is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves. Mr. Westerman is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Kirpalani, I heard folks talking earlier about ads that are being run in various districts. Could you give your opinion on what you think the outcome of those who are funding those ads is, what their objective is?    Mr. Graves. I would urge you to leave.    Mr. Graves. Do you think that they would also prefer some type of bailout from Congress or from the Federal taxpayers?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Mr. Weiss, thank you for returning. Your testimony in both instances has been very educational. I know you have been asked this question in some form previously, but could you explain what you view as being the alternatives right now that Congress has in order to address the crisis in Puerto Rico right now?    Mr. Graves. Mr. Weiss, would you see no action by the Congress as increasing the chances of liability for taxpayers or decreasing?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    One last point I want to make and I know time is about to run out. Look, I don't want to get into a political or partisan battle in this hearing. I appreciate the cooperation everyone has had. There has been a bit of a focus on minimum wage, and I just want to make note that, in 2013, there was unanimous action by this Congress to ensure or to prevent the increase in minimum wage in territories in the United States, again, unanimously passed, signed by this President. I understand that there are challenging conditions, but I have concerns with imposing the minimum wage standard for the most developed country in the world upon some territories that may not have similar conditions. I just want to make note, and I am looking forward to continuing to work with all of you on establishing the best policy.    I will now recognize Mr. Hice for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves. Mrs. Radewagen is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves. I am going to recognize Mr. Pierluisi for a brief closure.    Mr. Graves. Ranking Member.    Mr. Graves. I thank the witnesses for their valued testimony and the Members for their questions.    The members of the committee may have some additional questions for the witnesses, and I will ask that you would respond to those in writing. Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record will be open for 10 days for these responses.    If there is no further business, without objection, the committee stands adjourned.