    Mr. Jones. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Madam Secretary, General Breedlove, thank you for being here and your service to our Nation.    Madam Secretary, you were mentioning in some of your comments about sequestration and we have heard this before, from outside think tanks who have testified, as well as military and administration officials like yourself.    I think we all know that we are looking at some major, major decisions forthcoming. My concern is that it is almost like we know that we have a problem, but we are not willing to deal with the problem.    General Breedlove, I have great respect for all of our military services. I know the stress you all have been under, as it relates to budgets, and this brings me to the point I am trying to make.    First of all, Madam Secretary, has this administration brought in inspector generals, like John Sopko, to talk about the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan?    You made mention in your comments that things in Afghanistan; we are going to be there to 2024. That is the agreement that the President signed with the Afghan government. And yet, the waste, fraud, and abuse continues to go on and on. Well, that takes away from the military and their needs.    I have said many times that I just do not see how this country can continue to do what is necessary to maintain a strong military, unless there is some debate in the Congress about a war tax, because I don't know where the money is going to come from.    If we don't level with the American people in this very unsafe world that we live in, if we want to win the war or protect Americans then we cannot continue to go into deficit situations. And this committee is probably tired of hearing me saying it, but we are $18.1 trillion in debt.    And every time I have been told that we--bomb in Iraq for about an hour is $300 million an hour. So, I mean, at some point in time, I think the administration has got to say to Congress, we have got to pay for this war. And it is unfair for the American people not to have a Congress that is willing to do what is necessary to rebuild and strengthen our military.    I would like to know your--excuse me; your feelings, as well as General Breedlove's, because you can't do the job if you don't have the armaments. If you can't afford to buy the bombs, you can't bomb. And that is where I am concerned, not just for these few months in front of us, but for the years, to 2024, using the time in Afghanistan. Any comments?