    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses as well. It has always been a concern to many of us, but maybe to answer a question that I know goes through a lot of families when our kids say I have got an infection, I need an antibiotic. And many moms and dads say, well, no, if you take these antibiotics, you will become antibiotic resistant, and some day when you are older and you really need one, it is not going to work.    Contrasted to what we are talking about today is it is not a person who becomes antibiotic resistant, which is kind of this old wives' tale versus there are bugs that are figuring out a way to become antibiotic resistant. And a person getting one of those bugs, even if they have never taken an antibiotic in their life, has the same risk. Would that be a fair----    Mr. Collins . Summary?    Mr. Collins. Yes.    Mr. Collins. As a person.    Mr. Collins. Well, sure. I mean----    Mr. Collins . You can actually have in a family someone who should take an antibiotic, but because of this misconception----    Mr. Collins . The parents are saying, no, no, no, no.    Mr. Collins. We are going to fight this for a few days, fight this for a week----    Mr. Collins . Because we don't want you to become antibiotic resistant.    Mr. Collins. Well, I think that is. That is why these hearings can be important.    Now, I have got a question for Dr. Dixon. I understand at Washington State University--and maybe this will translate to Dr. Woodcock--but I understand they have like an e-bandaid, an electromagnetic thing that they are going to put on someone, they pass the electric current through, they have now determined that is producing hydrogen peroxide. And if they control this, they have gotten some interesting results as a way to treat bacterial infections and wounds without antibiotics. Are you familiar with some of that, and do you have a comment on--I know it sounds a little sci-fi-ish, but it actually seems to have some possibilities.    Mr. Collins. Yes, I think it makes a lot of sense sometimes to----    Mr. Collins . Actually think out of the box, and if you had a chance, you should maybe look into this. It was Washington State University last November, about 6 months ago. The results sounded very encouraging because instead of by guess and by golly, they finally figured out why electric currents sometimes work and sometimes didn't, and it was controlling the process and it all came down to the hydrogen peroxide at a level of consistency that would say, on Shark Tank, this one might get funded. Who knows?    Mr. Collins. So question for you, Dr. Woodcock. Let's say something like this happens. Now, this is an electrical therapeutic if you will. It is not a ``drug.'' What role would the FDA have, and would you have to run clinical trials like it would be a drug or is there something else when it is almost like a device or something instead of a drug?    Mr. Collins. Being one or the other, it would still have to go through your agency for approval----    Mr. Collins . Final signoff if you will.    Mr. Collins. OK. And no idea what this one would be, but I think all of us are encouraged there may be in this high-tech world we live in now something other than antibiotics. At the same time, we have got to keep searching, and it is kind of an all-of-the-above search if you will. Thank you for your testimony. My time is expired and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.