    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you for your presence here today, and I know that Members have been going in and out because we've been detained in other meetings, and in fact there is one overlapping now. But I think it's very important to, one, emphasize how important copyright and intellectual property is to this Committee, to this Congress, and to the Nation, and I might say that you are particularly important today because the prime minister of Japan in his speech just finished and indicated his commitment to protecting intellectual property, of which I think he received a standing ovation. So you might want to use that quote or comment on how important it is to do that.    Let me go to the whole question of finance and staffing. In your testimony, you mentioned that the Copyright Office has one of the smallest staffs within the government generally, and so I would be interested in how that's impacting on your work, and as we're going forward, have you looked at--I know you looked at the President's budget, but we're getting ready to go forward. We are absolutely opposed to sequester. We think it has had a dastardly impact. But I'd like to know presently what your situation is with your copyright staffing.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I'm going to follow up on that line of questioning.    Let me just quickly ask this question about modernizing the Office with the structure of greater legal and operational independence. And what should Congress consider in that new structure?    And let me get in another question as well because I think this goes to how you do your job. And I like the word ``lean but effective.'' I like to say that. Lean and ineffective or with the shades down and the doors locked are not helpful to creating the economic engine that you want to create. So the other question I would have, I'm wearing my Homeland Security hat, we just passed two cybersecurity initiatives last week, when I chaired the Transportation and Security and Infrastructure Committee, we recognize, and I know that number's gone up, 85 percent of the cyber ownership is in the private sector, but the private sector submits through the copyrighting process their data.    So the question I'd ask is the question about legal and operational independence, but also how important it is to have a tech-savvy office----    Ms. Jackson Lee . That puts for you, the government, an infrastructure to protect the intellectual property that you are now the custodian of or the requests that come in, the applications that come in. If you would include that in your coming together of your answer and the kind of investment and planning you think we need for a tech-savvy office that is 21st century.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And do you think the operational and legal independence would help you as well as you look forward just restructuring or structuring the Office?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, and I thank you. I saw the Chairman with the gavel up. I'd ask unanimous consent for an additional minute just to pose a follow up on the questions that I just gave her.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thirty seconds then?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Okay. But she'll have to ask her question.    We know that Korea and Singapore have strong copyright protections. Should we have that in the TPP?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes. We know Korea and Singapore have----    Ms. Jackson Lee. And the Congress--you're asking us on some of the items that you've just said to help you with the tech and the funding, staffing, and the operational control.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I yield back.