    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to begin my questions with a statement. I find all of this to be a bit surreal. And I will stipulate that is no doubt, in no small part, due to being raised in a household where mom and dad said, pay your bills.    I have to say that this whole idea of blowing through the debt ceiling and prioritizing or defaulting or however you want to characterize it absolutely reminds me of a couple getting in an argument about how high their credit card bill has become, and somebody says, well, this is easy, tear up the bill, as opposed to the credit card. And that is, in effect, what is being suggested here today by many people.    But not by everybody. In fact, I want to acknowledge that both Dr. de Rugy and Ms. Boccia had what I would characterize as the intellectual honesty to actually come out and say we need to cut Social Security in order to bring spending into line. And I think that is intellectually honest and I do commend you for it.    Dr. Mitchell, I heard you say that we needed to reduce spending, we needed to reduce entitlements. Are you ready to throw in with your colleagues that that includes Social Security and that the way to control spending going forward, it is your position, includes cutting Social Security benefits?    Mr. Heck. So it is pain-free?    Mr. Heck. Reclaiming my time, Dr. de Rugy and Ms. Boccia, thank you for your intellectual honesty.    Dr. Stone, it seems to me that we are talking about this in kind of a hypothetical construct about what would happen, what could happen. And as it turns out, it seems to me this doesn't have to be a discussion about a hypothetical.    I am reminded of a government that is unable to pay its bills right now. It does in fact have enough money to pay the interest to its bondholders, but not enough to pay all of its obligations, and that is Puerto Rico.    I am trying to figure out what is the fundamental distinction between what is being proposed here, namely blowing through the debt limit and ``prioritizing'' and rendering ourselves Puerto Rico II. Is there any meaningful distinction between what they are having to go through? And does that make us seem as though we would be defaulting on our debt if we wanted to be like Puerto Rico?    Mr. Heck. But my point, I think, Dr. Stone, is there isn't anybody who would look at Puerto Rico and say they are not on the verge of defaulting.    Mr. Heck. And if we were to do what is proposed here today, we would be defaulting.    Mr. Heck. Back to the credit card analogy, before my time expires, there has been a fairly cavalier use of the term ``dishonesty'' here today, which I want to take exception to, because I think it speaks to character. There can be issues of lack of consistency and the like.    But I guess it is in the eye of the beholder, because the truth of the matter is that this institution is governed by a PAYGO rule, which means that you can't increase spending or cut taxes without providing for it.    But in fact, in the last several months we have increased the projected debt accumulation by over $1.5 trillion in the next 10 years because of decisions that this institution made to both cut taxes and increase spending.    So I guess that could be characterized as dishonest in light of the arguments being advanced today. But I would prefer to render it less personal and just suggest it is not, frankly, terribly consistent, Mr. Chairman.    And with that, I yield back the balance of my time.