    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Yehia, thank you for helping us better understand the plan and the proposal.    And I want to begin by saying, when Dr. Shulkin, you, and the team first announced this in October, it was very encouraging and I was very excited by the vision that you all outlined for the VA. It was comprehensive. It made sense of leveraging community capacity. And what I read into it was having the VA better focus on what I think its core priorities should be.    But given the skepticism well earned by the VA that I hear from Mr. Williamson and Mr. Abe, and in Mr. Abe's case from his personal experience included, given the fact that you have ten and a half months left, given the scope of these changes, and then again to bring up what I think is the most critical urgent priority, reducing veterans' suicide, and the crisis that we have there, that really will take concentrated focus for us to make a meaningful impact, what of this lift could you offload to someone else either in the public or private sector?    So to follow-up on Dr. Roe's question, if CMS has a 99 percent under 30-day pay rate, I know there are obstacles, and I know these are different animals, but is there a way to bust through that and contract this with CMS who seems to have figured this out, and has a lot of experience doing it right, or at least better than the VA? Is there some other part of the billing reimbursement validation process that could be outsourced to a private provider who does this really, really well and we could set these benchmarks and standards?    So that will be my first question. The second one, a shorter one, can we get a copy of the draft performance work statement that you keep referring to? So my two questions for you.    Mr. O'Rourke. Great.    Mr. O'Rourke. This is for Mr. Williamson and if time permits Mr. Abe. Within the ten and a half months, given the fact that we have VA's past performance as a potential predictor of future performance, but also given the fact that we have people like Dr. Yehia, Dr. Shulkin, Secretary McDonald, who really do seem intent on turning this around and have some success to show for that, is this realistic? Should we temper our expectations? What are your thoughts?    Mr. O'Rourke. Dr. Yehia, how much is the IT part of this cost? And then if time allows, I would like Mr. Abe to comment.    Mr. O'Rourke. How much will we have to invest in addition to what we are spending on IT today to make this work?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Mr. Abe, any thoughts? I know I don't have a lot of time. Maybe an additional 15 seconds.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you. Appreciate it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.