    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Johnson, so what's going to happen when we go to negative interest rates? We're not going to have anyone apply, anyone be approved. Is that right? If the argument is that the Fed keeping low interest rates, we're not getting any more banks, what happens when we go negative? Which my understanding is some European countries have already done that.    Mr. Jordan. I don't know if it's all that fascinating. It seems like it's pretty realistic right now based on what I'm reading.    Mr. Jordan. Hurts competition, hurts the consumer, right?    Mr. Jordan. Well, all I'm hearing is about community consolidating, and you're telling me no new ones are going to be created because the FDIC is not going to give them insurance because the rates so low and the chances of them making a profit is so low. Then, if we go negative, it's going to be even worse, further hurting competition, therefore hurting the consumer, all because the Fed--I mean----    Mr. Jordan. Exactly.    Let me switch gears. I wasn't planning on asking that, but you've got me thinking.    Mr. Gruenberg, you ever hear of Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Jordan. You ever, at FDIC, ever have any interaction with the folks over at Justice Department regarding Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Jordan. That's not what I asked. Did you have interaction with the Justice Department regarding Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Jordan. Did some of your lawyers talk to some lawyers at Justice about Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Jordan. You send out financial institution letters, right?    Mr. Jordan. Is there, like, a formal letter that goes out to banking institutions? Am I getting this right? And it's viewed as formal guidance documents, right? The banks take these things seriously?    Mr. Jordan. All right. And you said your outreach with Justice Department and your working with Justice Department on Operation Choke Point was rather limited, even though your lawyers talked to them about it. But I look at this letter that you sent back in January of 2012, managing risk and third-party payment processor relationships. Do you remember this letter?    Mr. Jordan. Page 8 of this letter you talk about high-risk activity, and you give a list--ammunition sales, firearm sales, payday loans, travel clubs, to name a few. Do you remember this letter?    Mr. Jordan. Yeah. First time I've seen the list. The list looks very familiar to the same kind of institutions the Justice Department targeted in Operation Choke Point. Would you agree with that statement, Mr. Gruenberg?    Mr. Jordan. Well, it sure looks very similar to me what Operation Choke Point was doing, going after the same kind of businesses and telling banks, hey, you want to steer clear of these. I've talked to folks who say, you know what, the folks we were doing business with, our bank, said, we've got this notice, and our bank said, we no longer want to do business with you; even though you're in a legitimate business selling firearms or in a legitimate business providing payday lending, we're no longer going to do business with you because you're now viewed as high risk and we're getting all kinds of pressure, even though we may have done business with you 20, 25 years.    Mr. Jordan. And all I can say is, here's the list, and the list looks very familiar.    Mr. Jordan. And then we have this. I guess, here's--I've got just a few seconds. But we just heard from the chairman you're not approving anybody. We've got the interest rate issue as the reason you're citing. But the fact is, you're not approving anybody and it's different than it's historically been.    Then we see this list of folks. I'll tell you what this looks like, Mr. Chairman, it looks--because we've dealt with this issue a lot in this committee--it looks exactly like what the Internal Revenue Service did. They said to folks who were at that applying for tax-exempt status, no, we're going to harass you, you've got to fill out a bunch of forms, we're going to keep asking a bunch of questions, we're not going to approve you.    And they targeted them, just like this list seems to be targeting certain types of businesses that you don't like, and obviously the Justice Department didn't like, as evidenced by Operation Choke Point. That's what it looks like.    Mr. Jordan. But do you see the similarities?    Mr. Jordan. Well, I can, and I do.    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.