    Mr. Barletta. The committee will come to order.    Since I became chairman of the subcommittee, the committee has worked with GSA on reducing the cost of leased space by negotiating better deals and reducing the real estate footprint.    We held a hearing and a series of roundtables with GSA, tenant agencies, and real estate experts on the large number of GSA leases expiring in the next 5 years and how we can take advantage of the current market to reduce costs to the taxpayer. We could save $500 million annually by just negotiating better lease deals.    As a result of these efforts, we introduced and the House passed H.R. 4487, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act, which includes a leasing pilot program which will give GSA the tools that it needs to more effectively lock in good lease deals.    But while we have been working to improve how GSA manages its leases, there are more than 50 other agencies with their own authority to lease office and warehouse space. And half of those agencies do not even have to comply with OMB's directives to reduce space or report their leases to the governmentwide Federal real property database.    For many of these agencies, there is little oversight of how they manage their leases. That is why the committee requested that the GAO do a review of these independent leasing authorities, including:    One, how they are used and managed;    Two, whether the agencies are getting good deals for the taxpayer;    Three, whether agencies are reducing their costs and space footprint; and    Four, whether agencies are acting within their legal authority.    While the GAO found that some of these agencies were able to get comparable leasing rates or even better than GSA, in part due to their use of real estate brokers, very often they leased more space than they needed.    In addition, there are serious questions about whether some of these agencies are exceeding their leasing authority, potentially running afoul of key laws such as the Anti-Deficiency Act.    The committee's investigation of the Securities and Exchange Commission's use of its leasing authority in 2011 revealed the pitfalls agencies can fall into. The SEC exceeded its leasing authority and wound up committing the taxpayers to a $500 million lease that it did not need and, ultimately, had to be bailed out with help from GSA. The SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the VA are just a few agencies that have run afoul of laws limiting their leasing authorities.    Intentional or not, agencies that do not have real property as their primary mission face serious legal risks. And it is critical, starting with this hearing, that this message is made clear to them.    Before an agency signs a lease, there are three basic questions it should ask:    One, does the agency have leasing authority?    Two, does the agency have either no-year funding or explicit authority to enter into multiyear leases?    And, three, does the agency have an exemption from the Anti-Deficiency Act and the recording statute?    While there are a few exceptions, if the answer to any of these questions is no, the agency may not have the legal authority to sign a lease or may have to obligate the full amount of the lease upfront.    This analysis is separate from the analysis for whether or not a lease is a capital lease for scoring purposes.    We hope to hear more from GAO about its findings and learn how agencies with their own leasing authorities are managing and using their leasing authorities.    We also asked the GAO to review the use of purchase options in GSA leases. If used strategically, purchase options could save significant taxpayer dollars.    The budgetary scoring rules enacted in the 1990s effectively ended the practice of negotiating discounted purchase options in lease agreements by labeling them as capital leases. As capital leases, the full cost of the lease must be obligated upfront, creating a disincentive to use them.    The result has been the taxpayer paying for a building several times over through lease payments without ever being able to gain an equity interest. For example, we will have paid nearly $2 billion for headquarters space for DOT when the current lease expires without accruing any equity.    By identifying and reviewing a number of purchase options in GSA leases, GAO found that in the options exercised in recent years there was an $80 million benefit to the taxpayer. The Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act includes a provision that would provide GSA with the ability to again include these options, where appropriate, in its leases.    I look forward to hearing more from GAO and from our other witnesses today on these issues.    Thank you.    I now call on the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for his opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Ranking Member Carson.    I now call on the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio.    On our panel today we have Mr. David Wise, Director of Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; Mr. Chris Wisner, Assistant Commissioner for Leasing, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration; the Honorable W. Thomas Reeder, Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; and Mr. John K. Lapiana, Deputy Under Secretary for Finance and Administration, the Smithsonian Institution.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Each of you is no recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. Wise, you may proceed.    Mr. Wise. Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, I am pleased to be here today to discuss our work on Federal use of independent leasing authority for real property.    While GSA leases real property on behalf of many Federal tenants, Congress can provide independent leasing authority to Federal entities either through their enabling legislation or through an appropriations act. GSA tracks and reports on its tenants' real property holdings. However, less is known about the holdings of Federal entities that independently lease real property.    In 2004, the President issues an Executive order establishing the Federal Real Property Council, FRPC, composed of CFO Act Federal entities. OMB chairs the FRPC.    Goals of the FRPC include developing guidance, facilitating agency asset management plans, and serving as a clearinghouse for leading practices. The order also directed establishment of a governmentwide real property database, now called the Federal Real Property Profile, FRPP.    Today I would like to make four main points. One, in surveying 103 Federal entities, we found that of the 52 reporting leasing authority 25 are not required to report to FRPP, and there is a lack of coordination and information sharing with the FRPC.    Two, most of the 37 selected independent leases we reviewed were comparable to or lower than matched GSA rates.    Three, most selected entities' leasing policies generally align with leasing practices but lack documentation.    And, four, most selected entities exceeded GSA's recommended target for space allocation.    While not required, neither GSA nor OMB maintains a comprehensive list of Federal Government entities with independent leasing authority. FRPP offers a possible way to determine this, but the information is incomplete, as only the agencies in the FRPC are required to annually submit their real property information to FRPP.    Based on our survey, the 25 entities that are not members of FRPC reported in fiscal year 2015 that they leased space covering approximately 8.3 rentable square feet and costing about $293 million in annual rent.    FRPC members coordinate efforts and share leading practices in areas such as space allocation that OMB staff have said are critical to reform efforts. However, the 25 non-member entities are excluded from FRPC efforts.    We also found that FRPC members were more likely to have leasing policies that aligned with the leading practices than non-members. Increasing FRPC participation would likely allow all Federal entities to benefit from the collaboration and sharing of leading practices.    Our related report that we issued today recommended that OMB establish efficient methods for including data from non-FRPC member entities to the FRPP and increase collaboration between FRPC member and non-member entities. OMB agreed with both recommendations.    We analyzed 37 selected independent leases across seven Federal entities. Of these 14 had rates that were less costly than matched GSA leases and 11 had comparable rates. The remaining 12 leases had rates that cost more than matched GSA leases. We identified several possible factors why some of the independent leases we analyzed were less expensive than matched GSA leases as follows.    GSA uses standardized lease documents that include clauses that can be more rigorous than the leases provided by private sector landlords.    Renovation or reconfiguration costs were more common in GSA leases than the independent leases in our sample.    The independent leases we analyzed had periods of free rent built into the leases more frequently than the matched GSA lease.    We developed a list of leading practices that Federal entities should incorporate into their real property leasing functions. These include: one, assessing need; two, planning ahead; three, ensuring best value; and four, analyzing and documenting lease budget effect.    We reviewed the extent to which eight selected Federal entities had policies that aligned with leading Government leasing practices. Although most of the selected entities had established policies consistent with leading Government practices, we found numerous instances where the lease files lacked evidence of support that the leading practices were actually used.    Specifically, we found that a high percentage of the entities' lease files lacked evidence for analyzing and documenting the budget effects of the lease. This is important because Federal entities must comply with the recording statute requires Federal agencies to record the full amount of their contractual liabilities, including leases, against funds available when the contract is executed.    Violations of the recording statute can also result in Anti-Deficiency Act violations if lease obligations exceed available budget authority at the time the lease is executed.    All of the eight entities we reviewed leased more office space per employee than GSA's recommended target of 150 square feet per employee. Twenty-eight of the thirty selected office leases we analyzed exceeded the GSA recommended target on average by a factor of two. Many of these leases had vacant office spaces, which can inflate the per person space allocation.    Greater involvement in FRPC could help these agencies learn and implement leading practices in space utilization.    This completes my prepared statement. I would be pleased to respond to any questions that you may have.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Wise. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Wisner, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Reeder, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Lapiana, you can proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    I will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are any additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions, as needed.    Mr. Wise, one report issued by GAO today is a review of the independent leasing authorities of agencies outside of GSA, and a number of agencies like the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, have exceeded their legal leasing authorities and run afoul of the law.    We want to alert the other agencies before they make mistakes.    If we could have the chart put up.    Generally, in order to determine if an agency has the obligational authority to sign a lease, GAO asks three questions:    First, does the agency have leasing authority?    Second, does the agency have either explicit multiyear leasing authority or no-year funds?    And, third, does the agency have explicit exemptions from the Anti-Deficiency Act and the recording statute?    Barring some exceptions, the answer to all of these questions must be yes for an agency to sign a long-term lease, and not to obligate the full cost of the lease upfront; is this correct?    Mr. Wise. Yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Chairman, that is correct.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Wise, and to be clear, the evaluation of whether an agency has the obligational authority to sign a lease under the Anti-Deficiency Act is a separate evaluation from the scoring issue of whether a lease is a capital or an operating lease; is that correct?    Mr. Wise. Yes, Mr. Chairman. That is also correct.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Wise, recently GAO reviewed the CFTC's use of its leasing authority. Can you elaborate on what GAO found?    Mr. Wise. Yes, Mr. Chairman. In the case of CFTC, it was a little bit of kind of putting the cart ahead of the horse. What happened with CFTC was they anticipated getting a great increase in their funding and then at the same time anticipated they would be hiring a lot more staff.    It did not happen. In the meantime, they leased the space, and as a result they ended up with a lot of very underutilized space and some significant obligations that could incur up to about $75 million in additional leasing costs.    As a matter of fact, I had an opportunity to visit the office in Kansas City that was one of the offices that was part of our review, and it was rather modest office space, but it included two floors, one of which had been emptied out.    Now, CFTC was trying to work with the landlord to see if it could sublease that space, but the landlord, of course, has probably relatively minimal interest in doing that since he is already being paid by CFTC, and these leases do not expire until 2025. So there is a significant issue there with the Recording Act.    Now, whether or not it is an Anti-Deficiency Act violation, that is something that is still being determined. Our report was issued back in May, and CFTC is still trying to work through those issues, but it was definite an issue with the Recording Act, and they got way ahead of themselves when it came to getting into obligations that were beyond the authority that they had.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Reeder, the PBGC is now working through GSA to lease new headquarters space. Why did your agency decide to use GSA?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Lapiana, I understand the Smithsonian is currently reviewing its leasing authority. As chairman of the subcommittee, it seems the answer should be a simple one: work with GSA to meet your leasing needs.    When do you expect to have a decision on how the Smithsonian plans to proceed with its leases?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Carson.    Mr. Barletta. And the Chair recognizes Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Curbelo.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    We will now begin the second round of questions.    Mr. Reeder and Mr. Lapiana, what steps have your agencies taken in the past to ensure you achieve the best lease rates for the taxpayers?    Mr. Reeder, do you want to start first?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Lapiana, in your testimony you talk about the importance of minimizing lease costs. How much office space do you current lease and how many people do you house in that space?    And do you currently meet or exceed GSA's standard for space utilization?    Mr. Barletta. I recognize Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Wisner, as you know, the committee has been pushing GSA hard to increase your average lease terms to 10 years or more, and to increase your use of brokers to get better deals, and to work through your expiring leases while the market is still favorable for the Government.    Can you update us on those two efforts?    Mr. Barletta. Sure.    Mr. Barletta. Yes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Wise, GAO is issuing two reports today. One of them is purchase options and lease agreements. I was able to visit one of the buildings you highlighted in that report, the IRS building in Detroit. We were able to purchase that building for $1. Can you talk briefly about your findings and the potential financial benefits of the purchase option?    Mr. Wise. Mr. Chairman, yes. There are really three key points to the report that we issued today that you referred to. As I had mentioned a little bit earlier, one key point is the scoring rules that have virtually kind of done away with the lease-purchase options and especially the discount purchase options.    As I had mentioned earlier, of the over 18,000 leases we looked at, we only found a handful, 17 or so, that tried to exercise that option.    And I would say that, you know, something else that we have been talking about during the course of this hearing is it certainly can be advantageous to the Government to be able to eventually acquire a building. I think Mr. DeFazio was alluding to that in his remarks.    The IRS building in Detroit was a good example. While the Government did pay rent for 20 years, at the end of the day, the Government acquired the building. So you have a long-term solution to housing the IRS office in Detroit. In that case it is, I think, one in the win column for the Government.    And as we talked about a little bit earlier, if that can be even as an option for the Government going forward, then there is a potential for additional savings.    We saw in the course of our work there are two other buildings that also saved substantial money. One was Columbia Plaza, which is about a block or so from the State Department, which the Government managed to come up with a savings of about $50 million from that exercise in the lease-purchase.    And another one was a USDA facility in Riverdale, nearby in Maryland here, which also saved about $14 million.    Then there are two other buildings during the course of our review we found that looked like they could have potential to save money going forward exercising an option. One is the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission building, which is located not far from Union Station, and that will have a lease-purchase option that will be open in 2025. The building has been appraised at $133 million and the option is for $20 million. So there is a potential savings there.    Again, as I mentioned earlier, these things have to be looked at in totality, once you get to that point, you know, looking at security issues, looking at seismic issues and other kinds of regulations that go into the Federal building regulations.    Another building that may have a potential savings is a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration facility out in College Park, Maryland, which also has a 2025 option. It has been assessed for $86 million with a $27 million option.    One can conclude that lease-purchase is simply another potential tool in the toolkit to try to help the Government rationalize its real property portfolio and end up with a situation where you are not just paying rent in perpetuity.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    I have no further questions. Ranking Member Carson?    Mr. Barletta. I did not see Ms. Norton. The Chair recognizes Ms. Norton.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    If there are no further questions?    Mr. Barletta. I would like to thank you for your testimony. Your comments have been helpful to today's discussion.    I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to thank our witnesses again for their testimony today.    If no other Members have anything to add, this subcommittee stands adjourned.