    Mr. IYER. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to be here this morning. As you have read, I was interested in banking and financial intimidation, and that led me naturally to look at peer-to-peer markets when I learned that these new online markets had been put up to provide access to credit for small businesses and individuals.    What was interesting about these markets was that loans were funded by a group of small investors as compared to sophisticated lenders and loan officers and other intermediaries.    One of the big problems in credit markets in general has been screening of investors, in a sense how do you really understand the creditworthiness of people who are borrowing. What was fascinating about these markets is to think about whether small individuals who are lenders can actually screen effectively the borrower's creditworthiness, because at the end of the day, if you cannot figure out the risk of whom you are lending to, then these markets cannot be sustainable and survive in the long run.    What we did with our co-authors at the University of Chicago and Harvard is at that time one of the biggest lenders in this market was Prosper, so we got data from Prosper, all the loan applications, and the loans which were funded by this website.    In this website what you have is individual lenders can basically decide whether they want to fund a loan and they rely on hard information and they also rely on soft information, which is all the postings which borrowers say about themselves.    What was very interesting was we found these small lenders do remarkably well. In fact, when you look at the default rates, the predictability of default rates for these borrowers, if you look at the credit score, like Experian or something, we found these lenders actually have 45 percent higher predictability than just using the credit score. They do much better in terms of effectively predicting default than just a credit score which banks and many other lenders use.    Having said that, what we basically kind of say is the people who are lending in these markets are not stupid. They are not losing money in general.    What was also interesting is these markets just beyond looking at hard information were using stuff which was non-standard, like they were using soft information to effectively screen borrowers.    What we found was for the low credit score borrowers, these markets were relying much more on soft information to basically judge the effectiveness of lending. In a sense, given that these markets could screen borrowers and also the non-collateralized nature of lending, because these markets do not require collateral, this could be a viable and sustainable source of funding for small borrowers who might be limited to other costly sources of finance to actually meet their requirements.    One could ask what are the risks of these markets. In finance, without risk, there is no return. There is always some risk. What we basically thought in a sense was at this point investors have risks because there is going to be some default, but they can effectively judge the risk. It is not like they are not able to price this risk correctly.    In terms of the platforms, the platforms themselves are not leveraging up. They are just acting like an intermediary which matches lenders to borrowers. At that point, they are not like a bank which basically takes on leverage and lends on its own behalf. In a sense, these platforms are just matching platforms. They bring together lenders and borrowers and the lenders decide what is the rate to lend to, so at some level, that is something that does not pose a big risk at this point to the system.    One could ask are borrowers better off borrowing from these platforms as compared to banks, do they offer better rates. That is a very tricky question because at some level, with all the studies, there is a selection of people who go on these platforms, so the ideal counterfactual would be to look at the same person when he applies for a loan at a lending platform, which is a bank, and see what the rate is.    We do not have that counterfactual at this point because we do not see that clearly. In a sense, at this point from the study we have done, generally the rates on this platform range from six percent to 21 percent, on the average, 14 percent, which is pretty much very similar to the lending rates which banks offer to small borrowers who are at a certain level of credit risk.    Even if the rates offered by these platforms are very similar to banks, they provide an alternative because there is no competition at some level, which is always beneficial for people to basically have another option to lend.    Effectively, at this point, given the nascent nature of this industry, our take is that regulating this industry would inhibit its growth, but having said that, one does need to watch the fact of how these industries evolve, to make sure that is not a constraint.    Thank you.    Mr. IYER. When you really think about it, at some level, peer-to-peer markets when they originate loans and sell it to investors, you can think of them as junk bonds. They are basically issuing bad notes to investors. The problem is one has to be very careful of understanding what is the quality of the notes they are issuing, which is where the Securities Act really comes in to protect investors.    That is where the whole regulatory regime comes into play.    Mr. IYER. At some level the measure of risk is basically how you can predict the likelihood of default based on something you are lending on, so credit score, 700, 750, 600. If you look at where the credit score predicts default, and the interest rate which lenders bid in predicting default, you find that the interest rate where these platform lenders come together and bid has a much better predictive power in terms of default as compared to just using the credit score.    Mr. IYER. What happens is you post a loan, you say I want to borrow $10,000 at 10 percent or whatever. The investor decides how much they want to fund. They could say I am willing to put in $1,000 for X percent, so there is like an auction which happens. As soon as the whole amount gets bid on, the lowest interest rate goes to the borrower, exactly what happened to Zachary.    Mr. IYER. Now there are two models in the peer-to-peer market which are competing. One is the model that the intermediary platform decides to rate, the other is investors like Zachary was saying who decide what is the rate and how much they bid. Soft information could be anything which is non-verifiable. Credit score is hard information, which is based on your past credit history, past payments, and other things.    Soft information could be somebody says I am a veteran fighter, I basically did this, X, Y, Z, you have a picture, anything that is non-verifiable, subjective, we put it in the bucket of non-standard soft information.    You actually find that for people with low credit scores, investors use a lot of soft information as a screening mechanism.    Mr. IYER. Yes.    Mr. IYER. You mean the borrower or the lender?    Mr. IYER. I guess when you say something goes wrong, he has the money, right? Once the bidding is done and you get the money, you have the funds, so you are the one who can basically make things go wrong. You can default. From that side, the intermediary is the one who is held hostile by the borrower.    The risk is there are hidden fees and things which are----    Mr. IYER. I guess these markets are quite transparent in the sense that they charge hardly any fees which are opaque, they are actually very transparent in that sense.    I guess the risk of borrowers is pretty low because you can see exactly what you are getting into.    Mr. IYER. That is a very interesting question. Unfortunately, the lenders are anonymous. In all these peer-to-peer platforms, you only see the borrowers. You do not know who is funding what kind of loans and whether they have expertise in funding. That is a question which I do not think I would be able to answer.    Mr. IYER. I would just make one comment which is where this industry is heading. In a sense initially you used to see stuff that people used to post and other people used to bid. Now, what is happening is a lot of platforms are doing the screening themselves.    The platform Zachary was talking about allows people to bid. The platform Sam was talking about bid inside the screening. I think there are merits to both, but I think it is something that if somebody gets turned down, they should have the option to go on to a reverse auction site, just in case they got it wrong and investors have a choice to get funding because they might want to lend.    That is something the market has to decide, but that would be a viable alternative.    Mr. IYER. There has been some studies done on disasters in other places, and they have looked at these markets when they were serviced by payday lenders after the disaster strikes as compared to when peer-to-peer platforms came up, and they do find recovery from these shocks are much better because of these people that go to peer-to-peer platforms and post a listing for a loan and they get it.    In a sense, the information of whether people can access these platforms, maybe people do not know so they do not post it, but if that is available, these platforms are useful.