    Dr. Clancy. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman Coffman, Ranking Member Kuster, Members of the Subcommittee, Representative Denham. I'm accompanied today by Dr. Stephen Hunt, director of our Post-Deployment Integrated Care Initiative. As Deputy Under Secretary for Organizational Excellence and an internist, my background has been conducting and supporting research to improve patient care and inform public policy for much of my career. So I know how important it is to get the science right and assure you that VA is taking every step possible to advance research, clinical care, and education on Gulf War illness.    Since our last hearing in 2013, VA has funded or conducted over 60 studies. Funding for Gulf War research has increased steadily from $5.6 million in 2011 to over $14 million this year. And that's a very conservative estimate. For example, a study funded this past June is a randomized trial of something called CoQ10 thought to change subcellular function in a way that could help treat the effects of Gulf War illness. Other studies evaluate the effectiveness of a broad range of treatments for musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, and cognitive issues using exercise programs, magnetic stimulation, and other innovative approaches. So, as we look for promising interventions through research, VA is also working diligently to treat these veterans that are now suffering from Gulf War illness.    From 2000 to 2015 the percentage of Gulf War veterans enrolled in our system has increased from 13 percent to about 33 percent. We offer continuing evaluation and treatment to the over 700,000 men and women who served in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. We have centers of excellence, three of them, called War Related Injury and Illness Study Centers, or WRIISCs--and we want to express our appreciation to the Congress for these--which are charged with conducting cutting-edge research, clinical education, and providing specialized care for Gulf War veterans with complex chronic unexplained or very difficult-to-diagnosis conditions. And demand for their services is no surprise; as the number of Gulf War veterans has increased, demand for these services has also increased.    In addition, a total of 145,000 Gulf War veterans have undergone a Gulf War registry exam allowing their health concerns to be evaluated by VA physicians and enabling them to be referred for additional care. We first learned from Gulf War veterans just how important it is to integrate all the care and services that veterans need, and to integrate and organize that around the veteran and the veteran's needs. And, in fact, that became an organizing principle for much of our system and team-based primary care. And, in fact, that has helped us to organize our referrals to community providers when necessary as well.    We know that many Gulf War veterans are affected by a debilitating cluster of medically unexplained chronic symptoms that can include fatigue, headaches, joint pain, indigestion, insomnia, dizziness, respiratory disease, memory problems. And the chronic multisymptom illness we see so often in Gulf War veterans is clearly not a psychological condition. So I want to be very clear on that. We're committed to ensuring our research, clinical care, and education takes into account all of the factors that are relevant to returning that veteran to the highest level of function. We have aggressively pursued and fast-tracked studies in ways we can meet the research and treatment needs for all veterans that have been affected by environmental exposures. So that research serves two purposes. One is to improve clinical care that we're providing now for those enrolled in our system. And the other is as the basis for presumptions or other benefits. Our philosophy has been to come down on the side of the veteran when the science supports it. And, as you've seen, we have made our policies more liberal for C123 crews and are now adding new presumptives for veterans who served at Camp Lejeune. In addition, we've been working with Ron Brown at the National Gulf War Resource Center to address a number of concerns and possible presumptions for Gulf War veterans.    Going forward, we recognize that while we've learned a lot, we need and value the ongoing feedback and input from our stakeholders, this committee of course, the Research Advisory Committee, the Veterans Service Organizations, and, very importantly, Gulf War veterans themselves.    As we conduct an in-depth review of the most recent Institute of Medicine report, we're going to include 2 full days to receive public comments and feedback from our stakeholders and partners to assure that VA's priorities are informed by veterans and stakeholders.    You know, vigorous disagreements in science are part of the landscape, and we welcome that at all times. That's what moves science forward. And we're committed to hearing from all sides.    That concludes my testimony. My colleague and I look forward to answering your questions that you or the Committee may have.    Dr. Clancy. The only thing I would say very briefly is, I mean, I think it's a particular challenge for a chronic ongoing kind of condition, which is different than a sort of acute epidemic, the way that you've described.    The other thing that I would say is, I don't think that we should discount the progress we've made. Cancer would be a perfect example, right, where we've learned a lot through brunt empiricism, because we didn't understand underlying etiology, but we tried a whole lot of treatments first and eventually made a lot of progress.    Dr. Clancy. So let me just say, having run a research agency for quite a few years at HHS, this is one of the toughest kinds of decisions to make, and it's really an investment question, right, where do you place your bets in terms of getting to rapid answers and the kind of evidence that you want, and there's no biblically correct strategy in terms of rules to guide you.    The one recommendation I--the very top line recommendation, and I want to emphasize that we've not had a chance to go over this Institute of Medicine report. It's still--the ink is still drying, so to speak. It's actually a prepublication version, I think, we're all looking at, and so forth, and are looking forward to going over it with our Research Advisory Committee very, very carefully. But the notion that we would develop a cohesive, coherent plan with the Department of Defense and, frankly, inviting others, like the Harvard study that Dr. White referenced and so forth, to find out--to really push very hard on this question.    There's a huge proportion of people who were deployed for these two operations, and we don't have any answers. We have some promising signals, and that's exciting. I think some additional genomic studies, as a paper that I'm looking at from Dr. White has pointed out, may help us even more, but that's not coming up with an answer for why our almost a third of these soldiers deployed are struggling.    So I think that this is going to be a tough answer to come up with and a tough strategy to come up with, but it's one that we'd be looking forward to giving you full answers on.    The last thing I would say is, the number I gave you is a very, very conservative estimate because it doesn't count our epidemiological studies. It doesn't count the investments we've made in registries, for example, the Gulf War registry, the burn pits registry, and so forth. And so we're investing more than that, but the question is, have we done enough? And I think the answer to that is no.    Dr. Clancy. Sure.    Dr. Clancy. You know, it may be, and we would love to work with you on that, because no matter when we called it--because I agree with you about the X amount here, Y amount there, who's made the most noise recently, to be crass.    Dr. Clancy. No matter how you cut it, it's going to have to be an entity that coordinates what we're doing with Defense, with what's going on at HHS, and from a variety of other funders, which would be great, actually, because--but I think we can leverage all of that. We've recently been working with CDC's agency for toxic substances and diseases on the Camp Lejeune issue, and actually, that was very, very productive.    Dr. Clancy. Right.    Mr. Walz .--not--it's a limited universe that's going to be treated by this. So, once we treat them, which we need to do, and cure them, there's not a market for the product necessarily.    Dr. Clancy. Exactly.    Dr. Clancy. Yeah.    Mr. Walz .--and they deserve an answer and a treatment.    So I yield back.    Dr. Clancy. So, just to be clear, we have pretty well developed cancer registries for most of the major cancers, and I think the Institute of Medicine report was very clear that that would probably be the most fruitful place to identify an increased incidence.    We could certainly explore lung cancer screening for some of these folks, and I actually think that's a very intriguing idea. About 60,000 people have voluntarily signed up to enroll in the burn pits registry. The only caveat--but again, I think this will be interesting to learn. The lung cancer screening studies were done on smokers. Whether it will be as productive in identifying early nodules and so forth in people who have lung damage for another reason is an open question.    Dr. Clancy. I will say it's something the VA has been looking at for a few years, not just can we get veteran screening, but also can we do the appropriate follow-up, because the price tag on reducing mortality rate for lung cancer is the only thing we've got, right, is this new kind of screening; it reduces mortality by 20 percent. Nothing else we've ever done works like that.    Dr. Clancy. The flip side of it, though, is you have a lot of false positives, so people need to be followed up very, very carefully, and we've been looking into that for several years.    Dr. Clancy. Yeah.    Ms. Kuster .--from the science side of wanting to know, but I also feel that people have had exposure, and without even knowing the specificity, at least we would have an understanding. A 20 percent drop in mortality is significant, so--and I just want to associate myself with the remarks of Mr. Walz that maybe that is the approach that we need, is a center of excellence for toxic exposure, toxic wounds. And I also think that, once again, the VA could be on the cutting edge for the civilian population in terms of understanding our exposure to all kinds of toxic substances.