    Mr. Hunter. This subcommittee will come to order. Welcome everybody. The subcommittee is meeting today to review the Federal Government's efforts to confront transnational drug smuggling and stem the flow of illegal drugs to the United States.    Let me start by saying I had a great trip down in Florida with you, Admiral Schultz, great, great time with JIATF and General Kelly, and I got to see firsthand the problems that our Nation faces in stemming the flow of illegal drugs to our shores.    My visit to the Coast Guard units as well as JIATF South was insightful. I was able to witness the impact limited resources and deteriorating assets is having on the Coast Guard's ability to effectively carry out its drug interdiction mission.    The flow of illegal drugs to the United States continues to be a problem. Illegal drugs placed a strain on our Nation's healthcare and criminal justice systems. Their smuggling routes and methods are easily translated into transport routes for other illicit goods that pose significant safety and security concerns to U.S. citizens.    Some of the most notorious and violent criminals, cartels, and narcoterrorists are directly responsible for drug violence, crime, and corruption that are destabilizing foreign nations and endangering the lives of American citizens here and abroad. Representing southern California, I am very aware of the harm violent drug traffickers inflict on our communities.    In recent years, violence stemming from the drug trade has spilled over the Mexican border and has led to the kidnappings and murders of American citizens and U.S. law enforcement officers. It was only a few years ago that a Coast Guard servicemember lost his life during counterdrug operations near Santa Cruz Island, California.    Coast Guard Senior Chief Petty Officer Terrell Horne was leading a boarding team when he was critically injured interdicting and apprehending illegal drug smugglers. The Coast Guard recently announced it will honor Senior Chief Horne's sacrifice by naming a Fast Response Cutter after him.    The Coast Guard, U.S. Navy, and allied partner nations continue their efforts to stop boat drug shipments at sea. Interdicting shipments of drugs at sea before they are broken down into smaller packages is the most effective and efficient way to stop the flow of illegal drugs across our borders.    The Coast Guard is the lead agency in maritime interdiction because it has unique military and law enforcement authorities which enable it to seamlessly disable a drug smuggling vessel, seize the drugs, and arrest the crew. But that only works when the Coast Guard, SOUTHCOM , and partner agencies and nations have the resources and assets to act on intelligence targets.    Unfortunately, however, cuts to the military's budget, sequestration, and aging and rapidly failing Coast Guard assets are undermining mission success. In recent years, SOUTHCOM and the Coast Guard were only able to interdict slightly more than 20 percent of the cocaine bound for the United States. That is roughly half the national target for 2015.    In addition, the Coast Guard has been consistently unable meet its internal performance goal for drug removal in the transit zone. In fact, since 2009, the Coast Guard has only achieved its cocaine interdiction target once. I hope today's hearing will help clarify the direction we need to take in the future to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources and assets that they need to carry out this and other critical missions.    With that, I yield to Ranking Member Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. OK. I thank the gentleman.    And before we introduce our witnesses today, I would like to introduce some gentlemen that just came in, World War II merchant mariner veterans. I just want to say thanks for being here, gentlemen. Appreciate it.    In fact, we are trying to get ahold of Ms. Janice Hahn, who has been carrying your legislation, our legislation now for quite awhile, and I just want to let you know that we are working on it, so thanks for being here. Appreciate it.    Our first witness today is Vice Admiral Charles D. Michel, the Coast Guard's Deputy Commandant for Operations. Vice Admiral, you are now recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Absolutely.    Mr. Hunter. Way to go.    Mr. Hunter. Please.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Admiral.    Our next witness today is Rear Admiral Karl Schultz, the Director of Operations for U.S. Southern Command. You are recognized, Admiral.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Admirals.    I am going to start by recognizing myself, and then the other Members for questions. I guess my first question is, if you take the Department of Justice, and you take the Department of Homeland Security, and you basically take everything else that is under that umbrella, including the DEA , the FBI , local police forces for everything, you can probably guess, do you have a number for how much they spend on drug interdiction to get to that 24 percent of the total annual amount?    So if you take--if you interdict 76 percent, it leaves them with 24 percent, I am just curious about the money spent for each one--each bang for the buck there.    Mr. Hunter. Could somebody on the committee just Google that maybe while we are doing this? Let's just find out what the number is. If you can get all the other--I am just curious.    Mr. Hunter. That is just DOD?    Mr. Hunter. But the DOD total drug budget is about $25 billion.    Mr. Hunter. Oh, that is the entire. That is the whole effort.    Mr. Hunter. All right. Makes sense. Let's go really quick to interdiction performance because I--we talked about this the last hearing we had. We got into how the standard gets raised or lowered kind of based on every year going forward, and the baseline can get moved as well, which makes it hard for us to figure out where the real baseline was or is and where you really come from where you were, right.    I do know that you said JIATF South, they increased their hits last year, right, meaning your average take was--you were hitting 20 percent. Now it is more towards 30 percent?    Mr. Hunter. But you are up over last year.    Mr. Hunter. So it is not possible, though, for the--for JIATF South's interdiction percentage to go up and the Coast Guard's, their numbers, or their goals met to go down, is it?    Mr. Hunter. OK. So then my last question then is, so tie those together. How could the Coast Guard reduce performance target for cocaine, let me see, from 18.5 to 13.8 percent in fiscal year 2015, so how can yours go down then as SOUTHCOM's go up?    Mr. Hunter. Or am I missing----    Mr. Hunter. And again, this is your--your performance targets are a percentage of the whole that you know about? What is it a percentage of?    Mr. Hunter. OK. And to be clear again then, that is a percentage of the known flow, not the number of ships you are able to send out to interdict, right?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Thank you, Admiral. I yield to the ranking member.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from South Carolina is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I refuse to be yielded to until the--is the gentleman suggesting that we do what?    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. And I would add, too, it is as much about drugs as it is--because you can get anything through the drug route that you can get drugs through, whether it is a weapon of mass destruction, whether it is weapons, whether it is some kind of chemical agent, the exact same routes that the drug smugglers take, the other bad guys who want to come in here take, too.    Mr. Hunter. Probably true. I would agree with that.    The gentlelady from Florida is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentlelady. The gentleman from Louisiana is recognized.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    Admiral, thank you very much. It is nice to see you. You clean up well. Your old commander threads till today, good to see you.    First of all, there was a hearing that the chairman had worked out with the HASC that we had back in March where, Admiral Michel, you were there. And the topic was different but the theme was exactly the same in that it was talking all about the total maritime force package and the role that the Coast Guard plays in that.    We talked at length about the fact that the--that you are only as strong as your weakest link and that the Coast Guard plays a critical role in that overall maritime total force strategy or total force package. And so we are sitting here talking about your capabilities. And we are talking about your ability to actually perform the mission that you are tasked with, whether it is drug interdiction, alien interdiction, and many of the other missions that the Coast Guard has had heaped upon it over the last several years.    One of the things that we talked about a little bit in the past, I am going to bring it up again, the OPC. Can you talk a little bit about its role in you carrying out your duties, whether it is under the Cooperative Strategy for 21st-Century Seapower or it is your drug and alien interdiction mission?    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Florida is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. We are going to keep going here. We had really great participation today. You get more and more popular the more you come back, people start to like you. We will have full subcommittee here in a couple of years.    Let me ask you about the NSC really quick. You have a gap. You have a gap between now--between this year and 2018 where you're not working on anything. Well, you are working on the OPC design stuff but you have a gap. There are some folks in this Congress and in this Senate that want to fill that gap for you with an extra NSC. What do you feel about that? And then if you would, not just say how do you feel about it, how would it--how would it affect drug interdiction ops; in SOUTHCOM, what would it do for you; could you use it? Could SOUTHCOM use it? I mean, you might have to take off your Coast Guard hat and put on your SOUTHCOM hat, and SOUTHCOM probably wants that ship.    Mr. Hunter. But the Coast Guard may not.    Mr. Hunter. OK. Got that one.    Mr. Hunter. If you get a ship like that, do you actually see the needle move, depending on how much you interdict based off of a ship like that that has as much capability as it has?    Mr. Hunter. The Coast Guard has built the Navy's littoral combat ship for them. And we are all very thankful. When we copy that and take it from you to give to the Navy, I think they will be appreciative.    Mr. Hunter. I want to get back if we could just really quick to when we were talking about levels of capability and your internal performance targets in the very beginning, right. Can you go through how you set those, just, you know, from the ground up for me?    Mr. Hunter. Forty percent?    Mr. Hunter. Wait, let me ask, do they tie that to your capability, or do they just come up with that based on there is going to be more drugs coming across so we are going to up you 4 percent as our target or up the entire thing 4 percent?    Mr. Hunter. So your numbers going down from 18.5 percent to 13.8 percent over 5 years, that is based on what you had to do the job with. Is that how it goes?    Mr. Hunter. So what made it drop from 18 percent to 13 percent?    Mr. Hunter. Let me ask you a question that I am just curious about: Has the Pacific shift for the Navy to Asia had any play at all in anything that happens in your AO ?    Mr. Hunter. So just, if I could dovetail with that too, then does the Coast Guard see a place for itself in the Pacific, in the South China Sea, as opposed to the Navy? Because our fellow peer nation in that area uses their Coast Guard for that exact thing.    Mr. Hunter. Admiral Schultz.    Mr. Hunter. With that, the ranking member has no more questions. I have no more questions, unless you have any closing comments you would like to give.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hunter. Oh, I am sorry. Go ahead. Gentleman from Louisiana.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Admiral Schultz, you just talked about the decommissioning of the frigates, and as I recall, I believe you have three that are being decommissioned now that does affect your area of operation. I am just continuing this theme. You talked earlier about the inability to meet the Office of National Drug Control Policy's target of 40 percent. You are losing frigates. You are not budgeting for new capabilities. Your AC&I account is going down not up. Can you comment on the conditions on the ground and how it affects your mission?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you.    One last question here. Marijuana, so say that you legalized weed throughout the entire country, right. Would that have any impact whatsoever on what you are doing?    Mr. Hunter. Well, what would it do? Because you interdict more cocaine than anything else, right? But that is also what you are trying to interdict more of, correct?    Mr. Hunter. Last question I have. Have you seen full submersibles now? Because I think I was watching something, it was either ``Vice'' on HBO or some documentary, where they had the full submersibles.    Mr. Hunter. OK. So let's step away from SOUTHCOM totally. I am just curious, when does the Coast Guard realize that you got--you will have multinational, you know, terrorist organizations mixed with really easy to make full submersibles, where you can drop off anybody and anything, when do those two things come together for you?    Mr. Hunter. But the FARC likes to have power and make money, right. They don't necessarily want to kill a million Americans so they can go see their God, right? That is the difference between radical Islam that I am talking about and bad crime organizations. Or, I mean, to a certain extent, I think I am correct there.    Mr. Hunter. OK.    Mr. Hunter. Would it be fair to say that you would be the first ones to know if some folks out of the Middle East started using these tactics?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you very much. This is probably one of the most informative, interesting topics in hearings that we have had.    So thank you both, gentlemen. Appreciate it.    And, with that, we are adjourned.