    Mr. Hill. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for hosting this panel. It is useful, and it is also great to be talking about kind of a positive topic for the economy because clearly, over the past 4 years, this was a bright spot in the Obama Administration and congressional collaboration on the economy, so it is nice to be talking about ways to enhance something that is generally working well.    Before I ask questions, I will make a note that I recently introduced a bill that is related to this topic that will head over to the Ways and Means Committee, H.R. 4831, which will allow people who are using crowdfunding and a Subchapter S company to not have that crowdfunding count as one of the 100 shareholder limitations.    Since pass-through ownership has gotten so popular, I am not sure S Corps are as popular as they once were because of State LLC encouragements. We all recognize that. But in the small community bank arena, and in some niches in the economy, Subchapter S is still popular, and so this is a way, I think, to combine the benefits of the JOBS Act with that Subchapter S form of incorporation.    Mr. Keating, I want to start with you, and you raised a question that we talk a lot about in here, and that is the AML, the money-laundering laws. And you made a reference in your testimony about portals and how they might be treated under AML. Could you elaborate just for a second on that?    Mr. Hill. They are being applied. It is currently applied to portals--    Mr. Hill. Thank you.    Mr. Beatty, a question for you from a State perspective: Since we have had this experience on general solicitation for a private placement, has it generally been successful that there haven't been noted through the State securities Commissioners anything kind of catastrophic happen by having this general solicitation of certain private placements covered by the act? Has it gone pretty well, in other words?    Mr. Hill. Yes.    And, Mr. Griggs, you talked in your--you had two interesting comments in your testimony. One was on the short positions disclosure. Would you elaborate on that for a moment?    Mr. Hill. Explain to the committee why that is important. What is going on out there in the capital markets of people shorting stocks that is concerning right now?    Mr. Hill. Have you seen anything recently in the market that concerns you more particularly, like this IVR patent troll issue and short positions? Are you familiar with that? That seems to strike at the heart of emerging companies.    Mr. Hill. Thank you.    And thanks, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired.