    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, great to have you back before the committee, and we appreciate you sort of being a pinch hitter, to step in and be the Acting Commissioner, and you have done a good job. You have been easy to work with and responsive, and I appreciate that and commend you on your service.    Mr. Yoder. I want to associate my comments with some of the comments my colleagues made, first off, Mr. Bishop's in highlighting the important role the FDA plays as it relates to NIH. We have discussed before the Moon Shot and certainly 21st Century Cures, which I believe had $500 million to support the collaboration in moving these products through the FDA so that we can realize the goals of the NIH. So with the FDA, the NIH does not really ultimately get its drugs to market. So thank you for your work there and your making that part of your mission.    I want to associate my comments with Mr. Bishop's comments.    I also want to associate myself with Dr. Harris' comments on LDTs and the concerns he raised, and I think he has raised some very legitimate concerns, and I look forward to working with FDA and the Energy and Commerce committee, which is working on this as well, to ensure that we are not overregulating those.    Then I also want to associate myself with the comments of Mr. Rooney, and I wanted to maybe follow up where he had left off regarding the predicate date, the February 15, 2007 predicate date.    You know how important this predicate date is to Americans because it delineates the two pathways that tobacco products or nicotine derived from tobacco, how those products can come to market. It is a critical date, and a lot of Members of Congress, based upon the question Mr. Rooney was asking you, believe that the predicate date should be moved forward and that it is too early in terms of 2007 and that we need a new date.    So I just want to talk to you a little bit about vapor products in particular and how they are impacted by this. You know, there is virtually no ability to find an appropriate predicate date prior to February 2007 for vapor products. They just did not exist on the market at that point.    So essentially your agency has substantially, hindered the equivalence pathway to market for this entire class of product. There is no substantial equivalence allowed.    It seems backwards, I think, that the FDA would have a higher bar for a product that maintains the public health. And what many, including the government of the United Kingdom, believe is significantly less harmful than a conventional cigarette. Why we are putting a higher bar there does not really make a lot of sense.    As the proposed rule is written, once the final rule is published, manufacturers will have two years to submit an application to the FDA for each product, but as Mr. Rooney highlighted, it is not just the branded name product. It is an application for each variant of the product, including flavor, nicotine content, size, FTA.    Not changing the predicate date would burden smaller manufacturers, jeopardizing many small businesses. It would take significant resources. Estimates range from 300,000 to 20 million to achieve the necessary requirements. If the higher estimates are correct, only corporations with significant assets and resources will be able to get their products through the application process.    The proposed rule has a significant potential to decimate the emerging vapor market, as well as driving many small manufacturers out of business, causing a significant economic impact.    Additionally, the regulatory burden on the Center for Tobacco Products will be enormous. As Mr. Rooney highlighted, a number of applications will inundate the center. It could potentially number in the tens of thousands, including both vapor products and cigars.    This committee has witnessed the significant problems the Center for Tobacco Products has had with substantial equivalence applications in years past, and so I guess with all of that being discussed and the reasons outlined, would it not be better to move the predicate date forward for newly deemed products and specifically set standards for vapor products?    Mr. Yoder. Well, I appreciate your efforts to try to clear that backlog. I think it will be ultimately greater than maybe we are estimating, and I would just say that having the predicate date in the 2000 year for these products essentially eliminates their ability to use the substantial equivalence route, and I just think that that does not really solve the issue with children using these.    And we would be better, I think, working together to specifically set standards for these vapor products and moving that date forward, which would achieve your mission, which I share, which is setting standards here to ensure that these are not getting into the hands of children without totally eliminating the product from consideration because it did not exist before 2007.    So I hope in your taking in the comments you will take that into consideration.    Mr. Yoder. Thanks.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome to the committee, everyone. It is good to see Mr. Young back for a fifth time now maybe.    I want to associate myself with the comments of our Chairman and the concerns that he has raised related to threats to the food supply, and he brought up avian issues.    You know, in general, I think we all have to be certainly concerned about threats from terrorism, you know, in Kansas obviously, and in Manhattan they are building NBAF, National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility. So it is an issue that is important to my state, important to producers, but it is ultimately going to be important to every American if the food supply gets disrupted. And so I just want to associate myself with those comments.    And I am interested, in particular, related to vaccines and how that relates to this. As we know, animal vaccines are critical to protecting America's flocks, herds, and pets from domestic and foreign animal diseases.    What improvements have been made to speed up the approval process for new veterinarian biologics?    Mr. Yoder. Well, that is great to hear, and that is obviously a bottleneck on the ability to solve this if we do not have the vaccines moving quickly. So I am glad to hear that.    I want to turn your attention to some comments that Secretary Vilsack made when he was before the committee a few weeks ago. I asked him about any new regulations that were coming forward that we ought to be concerned about or that producers and farmers should be aware of.    You know, in the last year of an administration, Republican or Democrat, frankly, there is sometimes a flood of last minute regulations that come forward, and I have had some producers in Kansas raise some concerns about the modifications and regulations in Part 340, and I wondered if you could speak to that.    What I hear from my folks is that it would represent a significant increase in what could be regulated. USDA authority would no longer be limited in many areas, and I think we all want smart regulations, just not over-regulations that are costly and burdensome, and we have to always remember that for the producers that have to implement these regulations, it is expensive for them. Ultimately it hits the cost of groceries for everyone.    So we need greater efficiency and new technologies available to farmers, but not to increase the regulatory burden making it more difficult, and I thought you could speak to how you are balancing that and ensuring that we are keeping that in mind.    Mr. Yoder. Sure.    Mr. Yoder. I appreciate your comments.    Lastly, in looking at the proposed budget for GIPSA, I noticed there is a proposition to remove the cap on user fees that your agency is allowed to collect. Given the current budgetary constraints felt by everyone, I would like to hear the justification for increasing these fees, and if we are taking into account the impact on the producers.    Mr. Yoder. Mr. Mitchell.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, when I talk to farmers back home or farmers that come here to Washington, D.C., they express a lot of concern related to the current state of the agriculture economy. I think we are all aware that yields are doing well in a lot of parts of the country, but the prices are down, and they may be down for a while, and farm incomes down over 50 percent, I think, on average across the country, and so that is going to have an impact on job opportunities, and economic opportunity for all of us.    I know, Ms. Taylor, I read you grew up on a farm in Iowa. I grew up on a farm in Kansas. It has been in my family for generations as well, and so we have an appreciation for how hard those folks are working, and we want them to be successful.    I offered the remark that I grew up in the 1980s when half of our neighbors went bankrupt. Those painful memories still stick with us. I do not think we are still in that same situation. We are not as leveraged as we were in the 1980s, but you know, we do not want to go back there.    So I want to ask a couple of questions about how we help what your agency does in particular and I want to maybe focus a little bit on opening up export markets. I know the Chairman brought that up in his comments as well already.    I saw Secretary Vilsack announced the removal of some trade barriers with Peru a couple of days ago, and that seemed like a very welcomed result, and so I thought maybe you could talk a little bit about the Peruvian trade barriers that were removed briefly and then more broadly talk about what other markets we are specifically working on to open up the same opportunities because if we can get countries buying our goods or if we are donating the goods and they were taking American goods. I tend to agree with Dr. Harris on that.    What are we doing to eliminate those export barriers specifically?    And if you could also speak to our work in China, in particular. That seems to be the largest untapped market for meat and poultry.    Mr. Yoder. I appreciate your attention to this. I know it is part of the philosophy, and as the population continues to grow in these developing countries, they are going to need more and more food products. We are the best, most efficient growers in the world. We want to sell them American grain and meat and poultry. That creates jobs at home, and so there ought to be bipartisan unity on breaking down these export barriers and making that a top priority for the agriculture community.    Thanks for your testimony.