    Mr.  Sadredin. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush and members of the committee. It is an honor to be here before you today.    My name is Seyed Sadredin and I am the executive director and air pollution control officer for the San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District.    With me today I have a number of local elected officials that serve on the governing board of the air district--Council Member Baines from the city of Fresno, Chairman of the Board Supervisor Worthley from Tulare County, and Supervisor Elliott from San Joaquin County.    They serve on the District Governing Board and deal with a lot of the issues that we are about to talk about today.    The area of our jurisdiction covers a 25,000 square mile region in the Central California, the beautiful area that is a big source of food throughout the Nation and throughout the world.    We are the largest air district in the State of California, and today I am here as a public health official as a representative of an agency that is charged with protecting public health to urge a strong bipartisan support for H.R. 4775. I think it is good for air quality, and it also streamlines the act.    H.R. 4775, in my opinion, provides for much needed streamlining of the implementation of the Clean Air Act. It does not roll back anything that is already in the Clean Air Act in the form of protections for public health, safeguarding public health and it does nothing to roll back any of the progress that has been made and it will not impede or slow down our progress as we move forward to reduce air pollution and improve public health.    I want to congratulate you and express my gratitude to you, to your committee, to the sponsors of the bill for taking reasonable action to provide much-needed and long overdue congressional guidance with respect to the implementation phase of the Clean Air Act.    As you know, it has been more than 25 years since the act was last amended by the Congress. To date, as many have said, the act has served us well and we have made significant progress in reducing air pollution and improving quality of life all across the Nation.    We have reached a point, however, in my opinion and many others in our region that have had decades of experience implementing the act, that we are reaching a point of diminishing return and many of the well-intentioned provisions in the act are leading to unintended consequences that are costly.    In many cases, they are actually adverse to public health. I don't think anyone here believes that Congress meant to put something in the act that actually is detrimental to public health, and there are a number of provisions in the act now that if you fully implement them the way the courts have read them, the way EPA sees them, they are actually detrimental to public health and finally, consequences that set regions like ours up for failure with potentially devastating economic sanctions.    And these consequences are going to be mostly felt in many of our environmental justice communities with a great deal of poverty and a lot of other disadvantages that they face already.    I believe good governance and common sense dictates that after 25 years we reexamine our policies, and I am hoping that our decades of experience in our region can be helpful as your committee, as the Congress moves forward to chart the course for our future.    In our region, we have imposed the toughest air regulations on all businesses and all agricultural activities.    We have imposed the toughest regulations on cars, trucks, consumer products. We have imposed even tough regulations on what people can do inside their homes, as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman.    We have left no stone unturned in reducing emissions from all sectors of our economy and from every source of air pollution in our region.    We have reduced air pollution by over 80 percent. We have reduced population exposure to ozone by over 90 percent. Unfortunately, at this point, despite all that progress we are nowhere near meeting the latest standards.    If you could just take a quick look at Figure 2 that I provided in my written testimony it basically breaks down the sources of air pollution from various sectors.    Today, if we eliminate all businesses in San Joaquin Valley, small and large, we will not come anywhere near meeting the standard. If we eliminate all agriculture--and I have to tell you, seven of the top ag producing counties in the Nation are in our region--if we eliminated all agriculture in San Joaquin Valley we will not come close to meeting the standards.    If we removed all passenger vehicles in our area--2.7 vehicles--if we removed all of them we will not meet the standard. If we removed all the trucks that travel up and down the valley we will not come anywhere near meeting the standard.    I don't think this is what the Congress envisioned when they passed the act when it was last amended and I will take a few more seconds, Mr. Chairman, if I could, to finish.    I don't think the Congress envisioned a scenario like this where you reduce air pollution by 80 percent and you were at a point that you are not anywhere near meeting the standard.    I believe, as I have detailed in our written testimony, H.R. 4775 puts in place a number of streamlining measures without rolling back any of the existing provisions and without impeding our progress and it will go a long way and finally bring in some order into the implementation phase of the Clean Air Act.    Mr. Sadredin. Thank you, Congressman Olson.    In 2012, San Joaquin Valley was on the verge of meeting the 65 microgram per cubic meter standard for PM and then we had the drought that I am sure you heard about, have experienced it in other regions, where we had concentrations never seen before in terms of the magnitude of PM concentrations that we were monitoring throughout the valley.    Unfortunately, the Clean Air Act as it is written right now, it says you cannot take into account a stagnation or precipitation.    Now, this is another one of those well-intentioned provisions that is leading to unintended consequences. I think the Congress, when they put that in there, they meant, you know, you cannot come on a daily basis.    Well, say, today is hot, today is stagnation. So this is an exceptional event on a daily basis. But when you have a situation like we experienced in San Joaquin Valley where we had a 100-year drought, conditions that had not been seen before for 100 years, and they have already gone away this year thanks to El Nino and almost a normal weather condition, the language in H.R. 4775 simply says that when you have extraordinary circumstances such as what we experienced in California you should not be held responsible, have the valley businesses, residences be penalized for something that we have zero control over.    Mr. Sadredin. That is all we are asking, yes.    Mr. Sadredin. Yes. Thank you, Congressman.    As we speak today, the San Joaquin Valley is on the verge of having 10 active State implementation plans for 10 different standards for ozone and particulate matter.    There is nothing in this bill that would take this impossible mandate that is before us as we speak that by next August our region is required to put a new State implementation plan together to reduce emissions down to zero from all these sources, very near zero, and even then it is questionable whether we meet the standard because the background concentration that we have.    So when people talk about this bill rolling back or holding back requirements, there is nothing like that. Just meeting the current standards we have to go to the Nth degree of throwing more than the kitchen sink because we've already thrown that in.    Mr. Sadredin. Yes. Thank you, Congressman McNerney.    We have been doing this, as you know, for over three decades now in San Joaquin Valley.    But, unfortunately, as we speak today, the congressman mentioned, you know, when was the first ozone standard published--1979, when our ozone standard--we made significant reductions in emissions and we are just barely in the process of meeting that standard because the way the Clean Air Act is constructed if you have 1 hour of exceedance----    Mr. Sadredin. Well, we have imposed the toughest regulations on valley businesses from small Ma and Pa operations, service stations, paint shops, all the way to our largest power plant refinery that we have.    Mr. Sadredin. Yes. We support regulations or mandates that force technology. But we have to take a close look at, you know, where we are at this juncture in our history. This is not 25 years ago when cars did not have catalytic converters and there was a lot of low-hanging fruit.    There is nothing in this bill, in my opinion, that would hold us back in continuing to push technology because of the current standards. There is nothing in this bill that would make us go back and have any of these tough regulations that we have imposed to roll them back.    Technology has been the savior. As we have moved forward, more technology is available. But today, unfortunately, even if money were not object, technology does not exist today even on the drawing board to get to some of the reductions that we need.    And as I said, even if we eliminated everything, just say we don't have technology, let's shut down agriculture--let us shut down all businesses, it will be difficult to meet the standard.    Mr. Sadredin. I said that there are a number of provisions in the Clean Air Act right now that are detrimental to public health and a couple of them are being addressed by this bill.    The obvious one, which is a classic case of well-intentioned provisions that has led to unintended consequences is a requirement that extreme ozone nonattainment areas such as ours have to have contingency measures.    Of course, contingencies make sense. Everybody said, Whatever you do let's have a contingency measure in place. But an extreme nonattainment area by definition is an area that has to throw everything in the mix in their plan.    There is not an A list of measures that we say oh, let's just do those and hold back. Some of those measures were contingency ARB's policy and the way the rule is written will force areas like ours to not put in place all the technology that is available.    Hold some of it back for contingencies later. To me, that is detrimental to public health.    The other thing that is detrimental to public health the way the Clean Air Act is constructed right now it does not distinguish the fact that various pollutants have different impact on public health.    Not all PM 2.5, for instance, has the same impact. Some of it is ammonium nitrate, which might be, you know, respiratory irritant, whereas you have diesel carcinogens which cause cancer, toxic.    In the Clean Air Act, it says you treat them all the same and waste a lot of resources and efforts on reducing pollutants that have much less benefit to public health versus what we could do with others.    And then, finally, the whole bureaucracy of having 10 plans--it takes a lot of resources that are diverted from being able to do things to actually reduce air quality and improve public health. To me, those provisions are detrimental to public health.    Mr. Sadredin. Yes. There are a couple of areas that I don't agree with, let's say.    First, Congress, even 25, 40 years ago when the act was passed recognized the fact that exceptional event provisions make sense because there are times when everything is overwhelmed by things you have no control over and regions should not be penalized.    The misunderstanding that I see in some of the discussions there is that somehow what is in this bill or allowing a more reasonable approach to an exceptional event is being characterized as misleading the public or not letting the public know what's going on.    There is nothing with exceptional events that says you do not measure air quality and do not report to the public what the air quality actually is, and if you have programs like we do, working with the school districts on bad air quality--to stay indoor--whether that air quality is bad because of an exceptional event or a source of air pollution, those things will stay in effect and the public is fully aware of those.    The only thing that an exceptional event provision that says it will keep the area being penalized from having had this violation that they have no control over--and, as you know, there a number of penalties, sanctions in the Clean Air Act when you don't meet the standards--as was mentioned, if you have one day of exceedance in the region you still have all the requirements applying to you.    It is just when you have an exceptional event we say don't hold that against us for the sanctions and other obligations that come into play.    There is nothing in this bill that would take that away in terms of communicating to the public what true air quality is and all the protections that you need to put in place with respect to that.    Mr. Sadredin. I believe you bring an important issue to the light here that is really at the heart of this legislation that is before you which really gets to the implementation phase of the Clean Air Act.    People could argue where the standards should be set or where it shouldn't be. There could be--there are various opinions on that. But there is a misnomer out there that people equate cleanup in the air and improved public health by just setting a new standard.    But the realities that we face today after 25 years, after 40 years is that we are--the best way you can describe it--the process that we face right now when standards change it's the chaos that leads to a lot of litigation, a lot of delay and no cleanup in the air.    And then they, I think, the more--what this bill essentially does it doesn't say ultimately the 70, if that's the best standard, will not take effect. It just says let's bring some order to the process.    We have, in our case, 10 other State implementation plans already for the existing plans that we have to deal with. Let's deal with those and then in 8 years there's no rollback, no change in the progress that we have made. Let's bring some order into the implementation phase of it.    Mr. Sadredin. Unfortunately, under the current state of the act with the current framework, we are not able to do that, which causes a great deal of confusion for the public, for the businesses that have to comply with these redundant requirement with multiple deadlines and time lines that they have to comply with.    What we hope this process would allow by giving some additional time before the next standard kicks in that perhaps we could make a case to EPA that if we took the most stringent parts from all these eight standards that we are subject to, put them in a single plan with a single set of regulations to be able to do that.    So that is why I don't think this legislation rolls back anything. It just gives us the time to do it right and do it in a harmonious fashion.    Mr. Sadredin. We are not, because as I was trying--when Congressman McNerney asked me about your accomplishments the reason that I mentioned the 1-hour ozone standard is that we have been working on the existing standards, throwing in the kitchen sink at all of them. Simply setting a new standard will not clean the air.    We still have to get to zero emissions with the existing standards. The new standards just make it impossible even if we get to zero emissions meet the standards.    Mr. Sadredin. Thank you for the question. Unfortunately, EPA has closed the door on considering drought and these extraordinary conditions from being considered as exceptional events because the Clean Air Act as written is silent on that and EPA has interpreted that as meaning no, you cannot do that.    So with that door closed we didn't think that we could have any productive discussions with EPA because they've already told us no.    We just think a 100-year drought--we'll argue, well, maybe 100-year droughts that we are facing that will become ordinary because of climate change. But we are not quite there yet even if you accept that on the face value.    All this, though, says if you have extraordinary conditions such as a 100-year drought under EPA's guide, EPA ultimately will be the arbiter on that--does it qualify as an exceptional event.    You still have to follow all the procedures and guidelines that EPA has laid out for any exceptional event.    We are saying that should--the door should be open to have that discussion that this was--this was extraordinary and should qualify as an exceptional event.    Mr. Sadredin. That is correct. As I have said, you know, we have made major progress over the years to meet the standards. We used to be nonattainment until 2010 for PM 10 and we came into attainment.    But what happens right after that you write a maintenance plan, which is essentially identical to a State implementation plan. You still have to maintain all of those regulations that you had in place if all of a sudden you end up in, you know, not meeting the standard or various new requirements that kick in.    So it's a never-ending process in terms of maintaining the control and you will never have an opportunity or a circumstance where you can roll back any of the existing measures that you have put in place to come into attainment.    Mr. Sadredin. Essentially, when you put a maintenance plan you cannot roll back any existing regulations that you had. If there is a potential scenario like that, that would be the case. That is exactly as you describe it.    But given that we have four--eight other plans to meet with there is always regulations that are needed to meet those new requirements and they can also be used to satisfy the existing maintenance plan.    Mr. Sadredin. Yes. There is a general legally accepted provision that once a particular control measure becomes part of a State implementation plan you can never relax that regulation.    Mr. Sadredin. I looked at Ms. McCabe's testimony and that was cited as one the streamlining measures in the act currently, that if you revoke a standard, say ``no harm, no foul,'' you can move on. I have to say, first of all, before I comment on Ms. McCabe's testimony she has always been gracious, generous with time and creativity in helping us do everything that we need to do and we worked well together with her and with EPA.    And in fact, I was happy that in her testimony she did not object to a couple of things that are in this bill that we had advocated for the contingency measure elimination for extreme areas and also economic feasibility with relation to RFPs.    But on that particular issue relating to revocation of the standards, I think it's a bit misleading to say when the standard goes away we don't have to do anything.    As I am sitting here before you, June of this year we have to write a plan for the 2008 ozone standard, which is about to be revoked.    We have a plan in place actively for the 1997 ozone standard. We still have a plan in place for the 1979 ozone standard. Everything that is in the act remains in place when you revoke a standard.    The only thing that goes away is you can do a new transportation budget. Otherwise, every other requirement stays in place and to somehow say revoking the standard takes away requirements it's absolutely incorrect.    Mr. Sadredin. That's definitely a bit misleading and incomplete view of the world and the realities that we face. There has been a number of discussions here about economic feasibility and setting the standard.    Mr. Sadredin. I believe that standards should be set with science only and I don't think this bill really goes away from that.    What it says is that when CASAC makes a recommendation and they give a range to the administration to consider, right now it goes through the administration.    Depending on who's in charge they make these various assumptions and set the standard where it needs to be and then they come up with something. This really brings some order, some law into how you can actually pick within that range what is an appropriate standard.    But to your exact question, unfortunately, Supreme Court ruled that since Congress was silent economic feasibility cannot be considered. It wasn't that Congress intentionally----    Mr. Sadredin . And specifically said do not consider economic feasibility. But the bottom line is when the standard is set it says you have to come into attainment by such and such year.    You have X number of years. There is no cost effectiveness economic feasibility you can--argument you can use to say we are not going to meet that deadline.    Mr. Sadredin. In San Joaquin Valley, unfortunately we have a lot of communities of color with great deal of poverty, where economic well-being is the key factor in quality of life.    If we are not able to meet these standards, draconian sanctions will kick in. No new businesses can locate in the area without significant costs. We will lose highway funding, Federal takeover and then nonattainment penalties to the tune of about $40 million a year. Right now we are paying for the 1979 1-hour rules on standards.