    Mr. Woody. Good afternoon, Chairman Poe, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Keating, Ranking Member Langevin, and members of the subcommittees. I am William Woody. I am chief of law enforcement for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today.    Wildlife trafficking is a multibillion dollar illegal trade fueled by demand and enabled by corruption, limited legal authorities, and law enforcement capacity. Globally, organized criminal groups have seized upon wildlife trafficking as a low risk, high reward, and have made illegal wildlife trafficking a crisis.    Our special agents and inspectors have specifically documented transnational organizations involved in trafficking of endangered species. We have documented Eastern European and Russian organized crime in the caviar trade, Irish organized crime in the rhino horn trade, Mexican drug organizations in the totoaba trade, African gangs in the elephant ivory poaching and smuggling, and Asian criminal groups in timber trafficking. I would like to draw your attention now to the slides. Of course, the slides won't come up.    Mr. Woody. That is the slide I am looking for. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Woody. This photo represents criminals arrested nationwide for trafficking in rhino horn, elephant ivory, totoaba, and narwhal tusks. A number of these individuals were arrested in our investigation named Operation Crash, which is focused on rhino horn trafficking. To date, Operation Crash has resulted in 41 arrests, 30 convictions, and the wildlife and their proceeds seized in this case have a street value in excess of $75 million. In addition to crimes against wildlife, the defendants have also been charged with money laundering, tax evasion, falsifying documents, mail fraud, and bribery.    Photo 2, please. Jimmy and Felix Kha were convicted of a number of crimes related to international trafficking of rhino horn. During these investigations, our agents conducted a financial analysis of Kha's business, the Win Lee Corporation. Records revealed that large deposits were being made into bank accounts from others who became targets of the investigation as well. The documented foreign wire transfers confirmed foreign nationals involved in rhino horn trafficking here in the U.S. By the use of FinCEN records, our agents were able to substantiate money laundering activity in a scheme involving use of gold as currency and use of safety deposit boxes.    Photo 3, please. The Kha and their businesses were sentenced to pay over $1 million in fines and penalties and restitution, and in addition, forfeited over $2 million in assets, including gold, cash, jewelry, and vehicles.    Photo 4, please. This photo shows two Chinese nationals who had bribed a Customs official at the Dar es Salaam airport in Tanzania. They were able to smuggle eight suitcases full of ivory out of Tanzania destined for Hong Kong.    Photo 5, please. This photo shows the content of the suitcases that were intercepted and seized in Switzerland while in transit. Our regional U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service attache was able to assist Tanzania authorities in their investigation and collection of forensic examination of the evidence seized.    Photo 6. To illustrate the current illegal wildlife trade in the U.S., this photo shows elephant ivory and narwhal tusks forfeited by an antiques dealer who was sentenced in Federal court in New York for the unlawful import and sale of ivory in 2016.    Photo 7. This photo is a sample of various elephant tusks, ivory carvings that have been interdicted and seized at the U.S. mail international sorting facility in Miami during the course of an ongoing multiagency enforcement operation. This operation alone has identified nearly 90 individuals and businesses and involves over 250 smuggling incidents in which elephant ivory was smuggled from the U.S. to China.    Next photo, please. This photo depicts over 200 swim bladders that were seized in a California residence drying and awaiting shipment. In 2014 and 2015, CBP, ICE, and Fish and Wildlife Service agents seized over 530 totoaba swim bladders that were smuggled into the U.S. Totoaba is an endangered fish found only in the Gulf of California whose swim bladder is highly prized as a delicacy. Eleven individuals smuggling totoaba have been arrested. During an interview with one of those smugglers, he stated that on one occasion, five totoaba swim bladders were sold for $50,000 to a recipient in Hong Kong.    While we have made great strides recently to address wildlife trafficking, there is still much work to be done. Wildlife trafficking persists at unsustainable levels and the role of sophisticated, highly organized criminal networks may present an opportunity to support and fund insurgent or terrorist activities and makes even more an urgent threat to the wildlife communities and global security.    I thank you for the opportunity today to present testimony, and I appreciate the subcommittees' support in our efforts to combat wildlife trafficking. And I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Woody. That would be correct, sir.    Mr. Woody. That is correct, a good majority of them do.    Mr. Woody. They end up in Vietnam, in China. They also use them for libation cups for different carvings as well too.    Mr. Woody. Okay. You want me to explain the picture again?    Mr. Woody. It is--those are totoaba fish bladders. Totoaba is a fish that is found in Sea of Cortez, and they dry the totoaba bladders out. Totoaba bladders sell, they make a soup called maw, and totoaba bladders, they do sell for $10,000 and higher on those.    So that is--in that particular picture there, ICE was working a case in conjunction with Fish and Wildlife Service. Really what that is, that is a drop house, and they were moving the totoaba bladders up into the U.S. They were being dried in that house and they were awaiting shipment to another--they were making a shipment to Asia and move them there. So to coordinate----    Mr. Woody. Or in Gulf of Mexico. Not the Gulf of Mexico. Sea of Cortez, California, off the coast of Baja.    Mr. Woody. Okay. Very good.    Mr. Woody. And then the other thing, coordinating. We have--with the executive order on wildlife trafficking, I have to say in the last 3 years, all the people sitting at this table, they all have people that sit on the wildlife task force. And we have coordinated, through the United States and throughout the world, on setting up a whole number of different things that we have never really been at with wildlife before. For example, with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, we are now establishing attache positions throughout the world.    Currently, we have just put five people out in the regions that tie into State Department's wildlife enforcement networks. We put five attaches out. We are planning to put another four out this year. They work very closely in the regions with the governments in different regions working on wildlife trafficking issues: Everything from the finance, to the trafficking, to the lab work that they need done as well.