    Ms. Brownley. Thank you.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you very much. My staff helped me to prepare some questions for you, and the first question was what is the number-one barrier in terms of receiving access to VA healthcare? And it sounds to me--tell me if I am wrong--that it is access to a physician, a medical doctor. Would everybody agree that that is probably the number-one barrier?    So I guess the question that I would ask is if the Choice program was working perfectly, which it is not, and we are well aware of that, but if it was working perfectly, are there doctors in your communities, primary physicians and specialty care physicians in the community that you could access? Because sometimes that is a problem outside of the VA in rural areas. The doctors aren't there either. So I am just curious to know whether you have a sense within your own communities whether the doctors are there.    Ms. Brownley. That is very good. Well, I would just like to comment that particularly the Choice program, the new program provided by the VA, the Choice program was designed for areas particularly like the areas here, and we have got to figure out how to make that work. I know in my own district I had--I don't know who the provider is here. In my district for the Choice program, the health plan is TriWest. I don't know what it is in--it is Health Net in Michigan.    So I had the TriWest folks come out to my district to meet both with veterans to help them understand the program because it hasn't been very clear, and we made amendments back in Washington that have passed to make the Choice program work better. But the main barrier, at least in my district, is there are no doctors to access through the Choice program because the doctors have to be part of--what's the program?--Health Net. The doctors have to be part of Health Net.    So we had a meeting in our district, and I tried to invite all the healthcare providers in our region to help them to understand how the program works to try to recruit more doctors into the program.    But I will just make the comment that we have to make sure--I mean, this is the perfect place to ensure this Choice program is working, because it was designed for you and for the veterans across this region because you are so rural and have less access to healthcare than veterans do in other parts of the country. So somehow we have to figure that out and we have to provide more providers that are in the program and simplify it so that veterans know that they have access to local doctors, and with Choice, a doctor cannot provide--I can't remember who talked about the doctors not being available in the Choice program, but the doctors have to be part of the program, and the VA has to approve that appointment before the veteran can utilize it.    But I think the biggest barrier for the Choice program to work is actually having the providers in the program to do that. So we have to figure that one out.    Ms. Brownley. I yield back.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just wanted to ask very quickly, for the CBOCs, the community health clinics that you have here, are they VA-run or are they subcontracted out? They are all VA-run? Okay, very good. I know in my district it is subcontracted out, and that presents another big problem, because if you go up to the front desk of my CBOC, they can't answer questions related to the VA because they are subcontracted out. That becomes a very frustrating element.    Ms. Brownley. That is crazy.    Ms. Brownley. And I would just say that--and I don't know if anyone can handle this question, but to try to understand in terms of hiring doctors, is the VA not hiring the doctors because the physician hasn't been approved, or are they trying to hire doctors and can't find the doctors to fill the positions but will wait for the next----    Ms. Brownley. Right. No, no, no, I get your point completely, and I think the whole MOU and trying to figure that out, it certainly sounds--based on what I am hearing, it sounds like that is the right path to travel to resolve a lot of these issues. I think probably the Choice program and an MOU and putting it all together would really go a long ways in terms of access to quality healthcare and not having to travel for it.    Ms. Brownley. Yes, I hear you. I hear you on that.    And I just wanted to comment on the telehealth that I understand in terms of both of you saying it is an impersonal experience, and I hear that a lot from veterans as well. I think we have to continue to keep working on that. I do think if you are in a CBOC and, as you said, it is a band-aid clinic, but at least if you can have the nurse practitioner or whoever is there sitting with you, if you approve of that, because you would have to approve that, but sitting with you, because the reason you are going to telehealth is typically because you need to talk to another specialist of some sort and those services aren't provided, to figure out a way in which we could make it a more personal experience.    I know in my district, telehealth works for some people. Some people like that. And I have found, I have heard from at least my veterans, particularly around mental health, that they like the telehealth process because they can do it in the privacy of their own homes, they don't have to go to a clinic. Sometimes people are embarrassed about reaching out for mental health services, so they don't have to be seen within their community, it can be very private.    So I do think that telehealth is a pathway here. It is not a panacea or the ultimate solution, and I think it works for some and it doesn't work for others. And we have got to be able--the VA has to be nimble enough to be able to utilize it and make it happen. But ultimately, we are not doing a good job unless the client, the patient, the veteran is satisfied with their healthcare.    So, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So I think it was Mr. Harrington who testified earlier who talked about a promise to hire a doctor, but then a nurse practitioner or a physician assistant was hired in lieu of that. So I am just trying to get to the bottom of whether that was what was really, truly assigned by the VA, that we were going to hire a nurse practitioner and not a doctor, or it was because you could not hire a doctor is the reason for that?    Ms. Brownley. Okay. Very, very good.    So I guess just a broad question to all of you. I notice that a couple of you are wearing your ``We Care, I Care'' VA buttons. Those buttons are symbolic of something, and in my mind what it is symbolic of is the VA's commitment, certainly the Secretary of the VA, his commitment to make sure that the VA is working in a way to satisfy all veterans across our country, every single one.    I had the opportunity to visit with a few veterans here today who assured me that they are getting absolutely great care. They are extremely satisfied with their care. But we all know that we still have more work to do to make sure that we are providing high-quality care for all of our veterans and that we want the VA to be nimble enough and flexible enough so that we are what we call back in Washington veteran-centric--it is a veteran-centric VA, that our purpose in life is to serve veterans and to make sure that veterans have great satisfaction, in our case in healthcare delivery.    So having said that, based on what you have heard today from our veterans, and we want to listen to our veterans and learn from our veterans and hopefully create programs around some of their issues and concerns, I guess I would just ask the question, what is your take-away from this morning's testimony from the veterans here?    Ms. Brownley. And what about the MOU that everyone was talking about in terms of trying to integrate services here with the tribes and the capacities that they have for healthcare delivery?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am just going to go back to the Choice program for a minute. I know it has been confusing. It has been confusing I think across the country, and as everyone knows here, there are several community-based programs that the VA has, the Choice being the third of a family of programs. They are all run differently. Their reimbursement rates are different, et cetera. I, for one, feel like we should combine all of those programs into one and have one reimbursement program and simplify it, but we are not there yet.    But on the Choice program, it has been my experience, at least in my own community, that once doctors begin to understand, the local doctors, once they understand how the program operates and they understand that the reimbursement rate is the Medicare rate, that they are more willing to actually want to be a part of that program, but it does take time. As you are doing recruitment for physicians to work within the VA, that same effort has to be established to make sure that the doctors in our communities are aware of the program, and in this case getting them connected with Health Net.    I would hope that Health Net is helping you in this process, but I think we have made some changes and adjustments. I know one of the issues that I worked on was the continuity of care issue because under the Choice program, if you had cancer and needed treatment, the continuity of care was only--I think it was 60 days or something, and who wants to be treated for cancer and at the end of 60 days say you have to now go to a different doctor?    So that has been fixed in the Choice program. So there have been--I think we have made some improvements.    I wanted to ask, and probably this question is not under any of your jurisdictions necessarily, but how do we make Iron Mountain more flexible to veterans who have to travel there for their services? I mean, I heard several in their testimony say that they went to Iron Mountain for X service, did the traveling all day to get there, all the way home, and then get a call the next day saying you need to come back because we need to make that adjustment on your hearing aid, or we didn't do this test.    How can we make the Iron Mountain folks more flexible so that when our veterans travel there, if they need a hearing aid adjustment, they need to get their eyes checked, and they need a chest x-ray, that that can all be managed in one day as opposed to three separate trips? How do we make that happen?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you.    I yield back.    Ms. Brownley. So what is an example of when they need one? What does that mean?    Ms. Brownley. But it is more logistical than it is----    Ms. Brownley. I was just going to follow up to say I think I suggested that if you have a nurse practitioner who is seeing a patient and the patient needs more than he or she can provide in terms of setting up a telehealth meeting, a consult with the doctor, with the nurse practitioner, with the patient all together, is that possible to happen, or is it----    Ms. Brownley. I totally get that. They can refer them to an M.D., and then they go and travel into Iron Mountain. I am trying to find other solutions to limit the amount of traveling. In some sense we have to get the VA thinking in terms of people that have to travel the farthest need to be handled with kid gloves. It is just so much easier when you are close by, but these patients have issues just like everybody else, and then they have the trauma, if you will, of having to do the traveling and the frustration that goes with setting that up and having to experience going, coming back, and then getting a call saying I need you to come back again, like it is just right around the corner.    Ms. Brownley. Right. But if the patient has a relationship with the nurse practitioner, all I am asking is, is it possible for a doctor to be, via telehealth, and the nurse practitioner, and the patient all be together?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you.    Ms. Brownley. No.