    Ms. Krey. Thank you.    Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott and members of the committee, I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the importance of child nutrition programs for students and families.    My name is Kathy Krey and I am the director of research at the Texas Hunger Initiative at Baylor University. THI developed strategies to end hunger through research, education and community development. We convene federal, state and local government with non-profits, faith-based groups and business leaders to increase food security.    Child nutrition programs are an important resource for lessening the effects of food insecurity. These programs are instrumental in ensuring that students from low income families, especially, have access to healthy meals throughout the year.    In Texas, it is estimated that 27 percent of children live in food insecure households, which is higher than the national average, meaning, they have difficulty meeting basic food needs at least some time during the year. THI and its partners across our state have fostered public-private partnerships to maximize the reach and efficiency of child nutrition programs.    Public challenges like food insecurity pertain to more than one jurisdiction by nature. Therefore, they require a response that exceeds the capabilities and resources of any one department or organization. And collaboration provides a way to stretch resources to accomplish more with less.    The administration and coordination of child nutrition programs present unique opportunities for public-private partnerships to take shape. Through actors such as the Texas Department of Agriculture, schools, non-profits, congregations and foundations, community-based resources like funding, volunteers and space are pooled and maximized.    The need for meals is especially high during summer months for Texas children when school is not in session. The summer meals program is one way to ensure that children receive health meals. Schools, non-profits and local municipality service sponsors and have meal sites within their regions.    In Texas, about 300,000 kids a day participate in the summer meals program, and regular access to healthy meals in the summer is important, not just for students' health, but for students' academic well-being. We know that inadequate nutrition can intensify summer learning loss, especially for low income students who can lose up to twice the ground of other students during summer months.    Additionally, after-school snacks and meals can help relieve financial burdens for working parents and provide support for schools and non-profits that run afterschool enrichment programs so they can provide healthy meals. In Texas, in 2014, we served an average of 51,000 meals a day in afterschool programs.    In addition, school meal programs like school breakfasts are important to a successful school day, especially for low income children who might not have access to breakfast at home. In Texas, more than 1.7 million students start their day with school breakfast, including 1.5 million low income students. Eating breakfast is associated with positive student outcomes, including improved attention and memory, and decreased disciplinary action.    School meals offer all students better opportunities to succeed in school, especially children at risk of missing meals at home.    Following are examples of public-private partnerships in Texas that supplement and maximize federal funding and state administration of child nutrition programs. In the Rio Grande Valley, Catholic Charities utilizes the Summer Food Service Program to sponsor over 75 summer meal sites. And they collaborate with churches and non-profits in their area to support these sites, including a local non-profit that provides activities for kids and classes for adults in the summer, and a national non-profit that provide books and educational programming at summer meal sites.    These churches and non-profits coordinate their efforts by sharing volunteers, serving meals and providing activities. In East Texas, THI partners with the local community food coalition and local farmers to redistribute excess food from a local farmer's market to summer meal sites. The program includes educating families on healthy eating habits and cooking lessons. These partnerships link families with existing services in the community to improve quality of life.    Child nutrition programs are necessary to curb the effects of food insecurity. Public-private partnerships bridge local, state and federal resources to maximize the efficiency and reach of these programs so that children can stay fueled for learning all year round.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak.    Ms. Krey. Yes. There is a body of literature that shows the connection--    Ms. Krey. Yes.    Ms. Krey. Yes.    Ms. Krey. Yes, I can follow up with you and--    Ms. Krey. Yes, as Dr. Storen mentioned, in Texas we were one of the states that had one of those demonstration pilots that USDA tested, and we saw that was effective in reducing food insecurity by about an extra 20 percent and that it helped reduce barriers like transportation, which is significant, especially in rural parts of Texas and where we do have extreme heat, additionally, that can be a barrier.    Ms. Krey. Certainly, certainly. We know from studies that there are social, emotional and behavioral problems associated with being food insecurity and micronutrient deficiencies, cognitive delays and so when we look at child nutrition programs, that is one reason why summer is such a difficult period because it is regular, sustained access to nutritious meals that help prevent a lot of those deficiencies that I have talked about, and enable students to stay on track and to continue to be prepared to learn.    Ms. Krey. Certainly. So food insecurity is a broad term so it captures both outright hunger and the coping mechanisms that households use to avoid it. So it refers to a lack of food access based on resources. It is a household situation so it affects everyone in a household but it can affect them differently, and it is a year-long measure. So we know that food insecurity can be episodic and cyclical, giving other factors that put people at risk.    And we know from a lot of studies that food insecure individuals have worse health and educational outcomes than food secure households. It has been well documented, and we know that households suffering from food insecurity are more likely to have children, which is what makes it a larger concern. And we know that when children live in food insecure households, they are more likely to have disrupted eating patterns and diets and we know the link that we have talked about between good nutrition and children's health development and learning.