    Mr. Bjornlund. Thank you, Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Connolly, other distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear today to address these important issues.    The recent House of Representatives elections in Egypt, which took place in stages from October to early December, marked the conclusion of the so-called roadmap to democracy declared after the ouster of President Morsi in July 2013. While these recent elections, along with the constitutional referendum and Presidential election last year, have completed a process of civilianizing the highest levels of government, they have not resulted in a more free or democratic Egypt.    Since 2013, Democracy International has monitored the electoral component of the roadmap through multiple international observation missions and a regular presence in country. As president of DI, I have had the opportunity to visit Egypt many times since the spring of 2013 and to lead our observation missions there.    Democracy International deployed the largest international mission to observe the constitutional referendum in January 2014. In May 2014, we carried out one of the largest comprehensive missions to observe the Presidential election process. But after the parliamentary elections were rescheduled for October to December of this year, we were unable to obtain visas for core staff members and observers until after voting had commenced in October. This initially limited our access to the process during the pre-election period and precluded the deployment of a full observation mission for the first stage. We, nonetheless, observed voting in 158 locations in 5 governorates. For the second stage in November and early December, our observers witnessed the balloting in 422 locations in 8 governorates, and we conducted more than 160 meetings with a broad range of stakeholders.    The elections took place amidst a backdrop of arrests, an ongoing crackdown on civil society and the media, and forced disappearances. Once-strong movements and political parties have been silenced. Opponents of the government have been arrested. Courts have ordered dissolution of their organizations. And an orchestrated campaign equating dissent with terrorism is echoed by much of the Egyptian media. This climate has not been conducive to meaningful democratic elections.    Public interest in the most recent elections was muted. Turnout was relatively low, especially among younger Egyptians. During 8 days of voting across the country, our observers rarely saw voters under the age of 35. Critics of the government, including groups who might identify themselves as liberals, as well as those that opposed the removal of former President Morsi, were largely prevented from participating or chose to boycott. Islamist parties, which constituted a majority of the Parliament elected in January 2012, were almost entirely absent or excluded.    The electoral system did not promote inclusion. Most of the members were elected as individuals and are nominally independent; 120 of the 596 members were elected on a winner-take-all basis from lists running in four large districts. Unlike traditional list systems in other countries which provide a means for including smaller parties and minority points of view, the list portion of the system in Egypt had the opposite effect. In fact, For the Love of Egypt, which is widely perceived to have the support of the government, won all 120 of the list seats.    Despite the presence of international and domestic observers, the election process was not fully open to independent scrutiny. Domestic election observation was neither robust nor widespread. Legitimate accredited international observers encountered obstacles, while others were simply not able to participate. The Carter Center announced in 2014 that it would not monitor the legislative elections after assessing that political space has narrowed. NDI, IRI, the Konrad Adenauer Foundation, and Freedom House, among others, were not able to even consider the possibility of observing or otherwise supporting Egyptian efforts because of the unjust and widely condemned trials and spurious convictions of 43 NGO workers in 2013.    To the credit of the High Electoral Commission and those who provided technical assistance to it, especially the International Foundation for Election Systems, the balloting process for the elections was conducted in an administratively satisfactory manner, and polling officials appeared diligent and conscientious. Nevertheless, procedures in polling stations and for the counting where we observed varied considerably from one to another. This might have been more worrisome if voter turnout had been higher or the elections had been more vigorously contested.    We should not misinterpret the orderliness of these elections. Larger stories about the parties and candidates who were not allowed to participate, the voters who stayed away, and the independent observers, domestic and international alike, who could not observe, all of which has occurred in a climate of political repression and declining freedoms. These elections reflect the trend we have observed throughout the past 2 years, decreasing space for political competition and increasing repression of opposition.    Genuine democracy is the only path to long-term stability in Egypt. Political repression and a disregard for basic rights make real democracy impossible and will only increase the ongoing polarization of Egyptian society. For Egypt to move forward with peace and stability, its leaders need to embrace political inclusion and to reorient the country toward broader respect for human rights and effective democratic institutions.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Bjornlund. Tunisia.    Mr. Bjornlund. Tunisia.    Mr. Bjornlund. Tunisia.    Mr. Bjornlund. Our focus is on democracy and elections. So it is not something that we have been able to directly do interviews about or talk to people about. So I would defer to my colleagues.    Mr. Bjornlund. The United States has had a policy for decades now to support democracy around the world.    Mr. Bjornlund. And there is the sense that democracy--if you define it in a culturally appropriate way--is a universal value. It is something that is about having a form of government that shows respect for all people and that all people have some say in how they are governed. And I think it is no different in Egypt, that people want to have their rights respected. They want to be able to go on with their lives and be involved in the system of government that they have.    The fundamental problem in Egypt is that there is significant polarization. There are very strongly held views that are very different from each other. There are large groups that believe religion should play a very important role in how government is organized, and other people that are members of minorities or are more secular or have interests that are threatened by that that have a different view of how government should work. And the long-term challenge for Egypt is to come up with some kind of social compact between these different views about what society is about. And we call that democracy. That is the word----    Mr. Bjornlund. Absolutely.    Mr. Bjornlund. Could I just take this opportunity?    Mr. Bjornlund. I just want to clarify, because we talked a little while ago about the elections. And I want to make sure that everybody realizes the election system that they used for the Parliament, electing the Parliament in Egypt, is not at all similar to the system in the United States. Most of the members were elected in multimember districts. A few of them were one seat, but they ranged up to four. And voters were instructed to cast the number of ballots that there were number of seats. Those are mostly not party-affiliated people; they are most calling themselves independents.    The winner-take-all aspect of the election is the list part of the system, which is 120 of the 596 votes. And that was large--these are large districts with, you know, tens or dozens of members in them, where it you got 51 percent of the vote, you got 100 percent of the seats. That is not the U.S. system. And the point I was making is it is not the European system either.