    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Chairman Rouzer. I appreciate your involvement in this. Mr. Hunter and I have been working on this for some time, and I know my good friend Jim Costa also. The international food aid program is perhaps mostly recognized as the P.L. 83-480 program. It is an issue of mutual strong interest between our two Committees. Regrettably, too much has been said in recent years to mischaracterize the program's multifaceted framework. I am pleased that we have this opportunity today to set this straight.    First and foremost, I want to make it very clear that I am not going to take a back seat to anybody when it comes to food aid. My wife and I have been in the famine camps. We were there in the 1980s, my wife in the 1990s, and we have seen what happens when the lorry arrives with American food in that lorry. We know that that is food. That is real food available. We also know when cash arrives, it disappears. There is a very, very real difference. And if you want to feed people, then you bring food. If you want corruption and chaos, bring cash. It is that simple.    Now, this is a multifaceted program. It is not just about delivering food to those who need it around the world. By the way, people say you can buy locally. That is where the famine is, folks. We are going to buy regionally? Sure, we can buy rice in Brazil, or grain in France. We could also buy it in America. Now, multifaceted it is. Emergency food assistance, yes, but it is also about the maritime industry, as our Chairman, Mr. Hunter, said. It is about the maritime industry, and the importance in the maritime industry being supported by impelled cargo. That is cargo that is required to be carried on American ships. It maintains our Merchant Marines. Lose that, and we lose the ability to deal with our national security issues around the world. We have a 60 year record of a successful P.L. 83-480 program, which provides food. It also provides the foundation for our Merchant Marines, for our ships and our sailors. It has been durable, it has been effective, and there are those who are determined in ways that lack understanding to somehow destroy that long established and successful program by cashing it out.    So, I want to commend you for these hearings. We are going to learn today what this is all about. Mr. Jaenichen is here, and also the Department of Defense is here. And I would like to know from them what they think about maintaining our capability to transport personnel and equipment around the world in times of national security issues. You might also just think about what happened with Operation Desert Storm back in the 1990s, when we didn't have a viable shipping capability of our own ships. And so I am going to ask that question as we get into it. What happened in the 1990s, when we allowed our Merchant Marine capabilities to atrophy? What was the result? It is a question we will get to later. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Garamendi. I will try to stay within my 5 minutes. The testimony you gave just a moment ago, Mr. Jaenichen, is extremely important, and apparently that information is lost on the Administration, as it continues to push the USAID notion of cashing out, which would inevitably result in less cargo, and less ships, and more expense to the total taxpayer. Is that correct? Is that the formula? Is that the equation? You reduce the cargo, you increase the cost of readiness to the U.S. military. And it is some $200 million additional money. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, why don't we just ship more cargo, rather than more cash subsidy?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, let us go to why there may not be as much cargo. Talk to me about your enforcement powers to enforce the current laws on impelled cargo. Mr. Hunter and I have put together, in the last two Coast Guard reauthorizations, specific language that you will be given the power to enforce the impelled cargo. What is your position with regard to that requirement, that is currently being discussed as we try to move towards a compromise with our Senate colleagues?    Mr. Garamendi. It has been underway since March? Why hasn't it been completed, and where is it stuck?    Mr. Garamendi. Meaning OMB?    Mr. Garamendi. So it is stuck in OMB?    Mr. Garamendi. Very good. What is a sufficiently sized fleet? Mr. Berteau, what is a sufficiently sized fleet, and then what is the sufficient mariners to man that fleet.    Mr. Garamendi. Were we able to meet the demand with domestic ships?    Mr. Garamendi. I would say it is high time.    Mr. Garamendi. It could be tomorrow that we need those ships.    Mr. Garamendi. And I just heard you say you don't know if you have sufficient ships.    Mr. Garamendi. So you are----    Mr. Garamendi. Insufficiently comfortable?    Mr. Garamendi. Meaning you are uncomfortable?    Mr. Garamendi. In other words, you are not sure that you have sufficient ships to meet the demand that might occur?    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Jaenichen, would you like to comment on that?    Mr. Garamendi. Does that also mean the mariners, as well as the ships?    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Chairman, just for the record, could you provide the specifics in this discussion for both of you? Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Garamendi. This is extremely useful testimony. I thank the gentlemen for all of the testimony. There has been discussion back and forth here about how to improve the P.L. 83-480 program and related programs, the 50 percent, 75 percent, and the like. Just to inform the Members of the Committee here, we are in the process of drafting legislation. We welcome any ideas that the panel has, or any of the witnesses in this hearing, anybody else, about how to improve the issues. Mr. Shapiro, you have stated several of them. I know that Captain Murray and the other witnesses have also. I am not going to go into it now, but I want to put that on the table. That draft legislation should be available the 1st of the year. It will be out for discussion. It ought to cover much of the questions that have been raised here, including the last question, about regionality, and the games that are played with regard to the 50 percent minimum, or is it 75 percent?    Second, P.L. 83-480 is not the only way in which we can enhance the Merchant Marine and our national security. There is a piece of legislation moving around through Congress on the export of crude oil. Back in the 1960s we talked about exporting crude oil out of Alaska, North Slope, and it was required to be on American ships with American sailors. Good for the shipbuilding industry, good for the shipping industry, good for the sailors--or the mariners, let me make it more broad. Here we are again, with an opportunity, should we take advantage of it, and simply say it is United States policy, for national security reasons, that this essential national asset, oil, be shipped on American ships. Why not? Why not do that? Why not build those ships in America, crew them, put them under American flag?    I will put that on the table for you, if you gentlemen would like to take 10 seconds apiece, or 15 seconds, and just comment on that, and then we will move to LNG.    Mr. Garamendi. We call it a phase in over time.    Mr. Caponiti.--as a conceptual idea----    Mr. Garamendi. And I am perfectly willing to negotiate downward from 100 percent to 95 percent.    Mr. Garamendi. Captain Murray?    Mr. Garamendi. Very good. I will take the last 16 seconds here to simply say we ought to be doing this. If we care about America, and it is America's future, everywhere from manufacturing ships, and sailors, and everything in between, this is how we can do it. And we can do it within the current trade laws, including the TPP. And by the way, gentlemen, for the record, your analysis of the TPP on shipping would be appreciated, can you do that for the record. Mr. Chairman, I think I am out of time. Thank you so very much.    Mr. Garamendi. I see a woman walking up a hill with a 50 kilo sack of grain on her back, and I see the hands clasped, a gift from the American people. She did not starve, nor did her family.