    Ms. Schakowsky. I have a short statement.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I really apologize for being late. I thank you, and I thank our panel.    So wearable devices have taken off in the last couple of years. I am sure there are a lot of people in this room who are wearing a Fitbit or some similar device. I happen to have lost mine. It fell off the first week I got it, and I haven't replaced it.    Companies have developed numerous applications in medical testing and health monitoring. For consumers, wearables mean convenient collection of detailed data. There is clearly great potential here, but as I am sure has been said before--and I know Chairman Pallone did--we need to make sure the consumers fully understand what they are getting into.    Let's talk about health applications. When a hospital collects your health information, that personal data is protected by HIPAA. Your healthcare provider is not allowed the share that information with marketers or send it to your employers without your consent. However, those privacy protections don't apply to most wearable devices.    In addition, consumers have been surprised to find that they don't own the data collected through their devices. Last year, Lark, a company that created a sleep coaching wristband, stopped supporting its device and the related app. Lark's customers lost easy access to their data. At the same time, Lark's privacy policy stated that it could sell this personal information if it is acquired or goes bankrupt.    This matters to consumers, because some of the data they collect through wearable devices is very valuable. Minute-by-minute data from a fitness tracker can be enough to determine your gender, age, stress level. That is why it is vital for wearable device companies to adequately protect consumer information.    Last year, the Federal Trade Commission issued a report concluding that companies making these devices must adopt reasonable security measures. The FTC also recommended that Congress enact baseline consumer privacy legislation for such devices. In today's hearing, I would like to delve deeper into these privacy concerns as we consider how today's laws must evolve to fit tomorrow's technology.    Here are some basic principles that I think we should start from. Consumers should be able to expect that a company collecting their personal data is protecting this personal data. Consumers need to be informed what, how, and when data is shared. In addition, they need to know if they may lose access to information they have collected through a wearable device. Technology is developing rapidly. We need to ensure consumer protection keeps pace.    With that in mind, I would like to welcome our panelists. Your testimony is important to informing this discussion.    I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. Pull it a little more closer.    Ms. Schakowsky. Mr. Peppet, I am going to ask you some questions, but I wanted to first--this idea of kids. To me, I am a little concerned about that. Is this going to be more anxiety-provoking, now we are measuring and another way that you have to look at an electronic device.    I am just wondering if Adidas, in marketing to children, has talked to child psychologists, to educators on whether or not, as you say, that forget the awkward, social situation, et cetera, I mean, that could be a positive. But I feel like now encouraging kids to measure their every step or their heart rate or something, I am just wondering if you have done the kind of research I think would be important before we really market this to grammar school kids, or middle school kids.    Ms. Schakowsky. There is also, you know, a real pushback on all the testing that is going on. I kind of feel like this may be in that category. I just wanted to raise that. I don't immediately accept that this is a great thing to push to kids.    But anyway, let me just raise that and go on to Mr. Peppet, who actually--and you have a quote at the beginning of your testimony: Very soon we will see inside ourselves like never before with wearable, even internal sensors that monitor even our most intimate biological processes. It is likely to happen even before we figure out the etiquette and laws around sharing this knowledge.    In a way, I think I am getting at that with that earlier question, but here is what I want to get more specific.    In January of last year, the Federal Trade Commission released a report entitled ``Internet of Things: Privacy and Security in a Connected World.'' In the report, the FTC states that there is, quote, a ``need for substantive data security and breach notification legislation at the Federal level'' and that such legislation should, quote, ``protect against unauthorized access to both personal information and device functionality.''    So in your testimony, Professor Peppet, you say that small sensor-based connected devices like wearables are inherently prone to security problems. Can you explain what you mean by that? What are some of the vulnerabilities specific to wearable devices?    Ms. Schakowsky. So would you say the biggest barrier is that there are technical issues, or are these wearable manufacturers taking into account security sufficiently, or even thinking about it?    Ms. Schakowsky. Well, let me ask you this: Get to the regulatory part. You pointed out Texas. I actually have a bill, too, that would require breaches to be--also this biometric stuff and to be--consumers to be reported. Should we follow Texas' lead in requiring that notification as well?    Ms. Schakowsky. I am going to submit the rest of my questions for the record, and I really appreciate all of you. Thank you. I yield back.