    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Koskinen, I am going to read from the articles of impeachment. On page 2, it says, ``On March 4, 2014, the Internal Revenue Service magnetically erased 422 backup tapes.'' Is that statement true?    Mr. Jordan. Were you commissioner at the time that these tapes were erased?    Mr. Jordan. Was there a subpoena in place for the very information that was erased?    Mr. Jordan. More than one subpoena, right? There were two subpoenas.    Mr. Jordan. It is not the assumption. It was on those tapes, because it was from the critical time period when Ms. Lerner's hard drive had crashed.    Mr. Koskinen, who is Kate Duvall?    Mr. Jordan. Who is Kate Duvall.    Mr. Jordan. When we got her bio, it said, counselor to the commissioner, said she advised on high-profile investigations, and she was a member of your senior management team. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. In her deposition in front of the Oversight Committee, Ms. Duvall said she learned on February 2, 2014, about Lois Lerner's computer crash and missing emails. So on February 2, the counselor to the commissioner, in senior management, working on high-profile investigations, learns evidence is missing, and 1 month later, March 4, the backup tapes that contain this evidence are destroyed.    What a coincidence, Mr. Koskinen. One month after your top counselor learns Ms. Lerner's hard drive has crashed and there are missing emails, the backup tapes, the secondary source; the primary source is gone, a month later the backup tapes are destroyed.    Now, here is what is also interesting. Those backup tapes were supposed to have been destroyed months and months beforehand, weren't they, Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. In fact, you testified to this. You said this. ``Ms. Lerner''--this is testimony in front of the Oversight Committee--you said, ``Ms. Lerner's hard drive had crashed in June 2011. As a result, certain emails could not be retrieved. Recovery tapes containing data for that period no longer existed.'' False statement, they did, but they were supposed to have been erased. This data was retained on tapes for only 6 months.    So they were supposed to have been erased actually 2 years prior to the date that they were, but they somehow survived. They somehow survived. And then, exactly 1 month, 30 days, after your top counselor, Kate Duvall, in senior management, learns that the primary source, the emails, are missing, these backup tapes that have survived for 2 years suddenly get destroyed. And we are supposed to believe that is just a coincidence, that just happened by chance?    Mr. Jordan. The old----    Mr. Jordan. The old----    Mr. Jordan. The old midnight shift guys in Martinsburg excuse. Okay.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Well, let me read one other statement to you, again from the articles of impeachment. This is only page 3, article III. On June 20, 2014, Commissioner Koskinen testified, ``Since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved, nothing has been lost, nothing has been destroyed.''    Is that statement true, Mr. Koskinen?    Mr. Jordan. Whoa----    Mr. Jordan. It could have been----    Mr. Jordan. It could not have been true at the time, because that says--the date is June 20, 2014.    Mr. Jordan. And you just told me on March 4, the first question I asked you, on March 4, 3 months before that, March 4, 2014, that the IRS had destroyed 422 backup tapes.    Mr. Jordan. So how is this statement true that you made under oath to a congressional Committee?    Mr. Jordan. So the statement wasn't true?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Chairman, this is the problem. You think about any of the folks we represent, any of the constituents I represent in the Fourth District of Ohio has this same fact pattern, where they lose documents and then a month later--they are being audited by the IRS, they lose documents, a month later they destroy the backup disk, and it is fine, they can get away with that?    This is what so many Americans are frustrated about, this double standard. Mr. Koskinen can lose documents--excuse me--the IRS can lose documents, then destroy the backup source, the backup tapes, and nothing happens. Any American, that happens to them, they are in big trouble, and everybody knows it.    All we are asking is this guy no longer hold this office. That is all we are asking. And in light of this fact pattern, I think that is the least we can do.    I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Koskinen, is the IRS still targeting conservative groups?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Koskinen, that is not what the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia said. They just issued a decision on August 5, 2016, last month. And I just want to read from that decision. They said, ``Cessation has never occurred. The IRS has admitted to the inspector general, to the district court, and to this court that applications for exemption by some plaintiffs have never to this day been processed.''    That sounds like it is still going on to me, Mr. Koskinen.    Mr. Jordan. I mean, let's read further.    Mr. Jordan. They say, It is absurd to suggest that the effect of the IRS's unlawful conduct, which delayed the processing of plaintiffs' applications, has been eradicated when two of the plaintiffs' applications remain pending. Sounds like targeting still going on to me.    Let me just paraphrase that. It is absurd to say targeting has stopped when the unlawful conduct continues. Again, this is not Jim Jordan saying this. This is not Donald Trump saying this. This is not the Freedom Caucus saying this. This is the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia decided just 6 weeks ago.    So you guys are still up to it, aren't you?    Mr. Jordan. You know----    Mr. Jordan. Yeah. These guys have been waiting 4 or 5, some cases 6 years. And, you know, I figured you would say that, and so it doesn't carry much weight with me and it frankly didn't carry any weight with the court. Because here is what the court said to that very argument. They said, The IRS is telling applicants in these cases, ``We have been violating your rights and not properly processing your applications. You are entitled to have your applications processed. But if you are ask for that processing by way of a lawsuit, then you can't have it.''    So the court wasn't buying your argument. They don't care what your internal policy is. They are more concerned about people's fundamental liberties and you guys continue to violate them.    They go on to say this: ``We would advise the IRS if you haven't ceased to violate the rights of the taxpayers, then there is no cessation.'' So if you are still doing it, if you haven't stopped doing it, then you are still doing it is what the court said. You can't sit there and say you are not still targeting. So here is what we have got to keep in mind.    Mr. Jordan. These organizations still don't have their tax-exempt status.    Mr. Jordan. Remember, Mr. Koskinen, this is not me making the argument. This is not just all these--we have heard from the other side, these conservatives who want to impeach the IRS commissioner. This is the court saying you guys are still doing it. Never forget the underlying offense.    The IRS targeted people for exercising their most fundamental liberty, their right to speak against the policies of their government, and they got harassed for doing that. We have heard a lot about due process from the other side. I think you should get every bit of due process you are entitled to.    But how about the due process that all these people who got harassed for years and three groups are still getting harassed today? Here is what happened. The IRS targeted folks. They got caught. Ms. Lerner, at first, she lies about it. She says, oh, it wasn't us. It was those folks in Cincinnati. Then she takes the Fifth. That sort of puts a premium on all the documents and communications, making sure we get those. That is why we had two subpoenas and three preservation orders for that information.    You come in to clean up the mess, and under your watch, documents are destroyed, false statements are made, 422 backup tapes are erased. And now the clincher. Now the clincher: It is still going on. And so the other side can say that we shouldn't be here today. You shouldn't have to sit through this. I am saying, why didn't we do this a long time ago?    You should've been gone a long time ago, when this is the record: Losing emails, backup tapes destroyed, targeting still continues to this day, not Jim Jordan's words, not Freedom Caucus words, words from the Court of Appeals. For goodness sake, that is why this hearing is important, and that is why we should move forward with the articles that Mr. Chaffetz submitted 15 months ago and make sure that you no longer hold office.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Koskinen, these two guys down in Martinsburg, the midnight shift guys, were they employees of the IRS or were they contracted to work for the IRS, to do work for the IRS?    Mr. Jordan. They are employees of the IRS. About 90,000 people work for the IRS. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. 80,000 people. Of those 80,000, how many other people in that 80,000 worked the midnight shift?    Mr. Jordan. I mean, is that--I mean, when I think about government employees, I don't really associate, you know, other than our military working around the clock, I don't really associate folks in government employment working the midnight shift.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. All right. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.