    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is unanticipated, but I would like everybody here to meet my son Hudson Messer--stand up, Hudson--who is joining us today. It is his first time at a Financial Services Committee hearing. Thank you.    Mr. Messer. He was watching the debt clock, though. He was very impressed by that.    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to start with Mr. Calabria, and talk a little bit about some of the unintended consequences of Dodd-Frank. As you heard from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle today apologists for Dodd-Frank are fond of saying that the law struck a direct blow against Wall Street, remade the financial systems so that those firms no longer enjoy the privileges that made them too-big-to-fail, and gave rise to the taxpayer bailouts of 2008 and 2009.    In reality though, the biggest Wall Street firms are the beneficiaries, not the victims, of Dodd-Frank, both because the law cements them as too-big-to-fail, and because the massive regulatory dragnet they cast over the financial system makes it difficult for smaller firms to compete.    There is no mystery to this. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and JPMorgan Chase CEO James Dimon have both said that Dodd-Frank gives them some competitive advantages because of the broad scope of regulatory cost associated with the law.    Harvard University released a study recently that confirms this. And just anecdotally, we all know you can count on the fingers of one hand, the number of new banks that have been chartered since Dodd-Frank was enacted.    So, Mr. Calabria, whom should we believe? Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle and the Obama Administration who loudly proclaim Dodd-Frank administers harsh medicine to Wall Street or the CEOs of those same firms who tell us they are actually the competitive beneficiaries of this law?    Mr. Messer. Mr. Zywicki, you are nodding?    Mr. Messer. Thanks.    Really quickly, Mr. Atkins, we would like to raise with you an issue that is actually beyond the scope of Dodd-Frank and deals with the liquidity coverage ratios under Basel III.    It came to my attention, and you are probably well aware, that Federal banking regulators have excluded all American municipal bonds from being treated as highly liquid assets under the LCR rule, which creates a remarkable situation where certain German bonds qualify as these sorts of assets when most American municipal bonds don't--all American municipal bonds don't--that it obviously disincentivizes banks from investing in those assets and potentially raises borrowing costs.    We all know that aside from U.S. treasuries for America municipal bonds, securities are some of the safest investments available with State and local governments having about a zero default rate.    To help ensure that we change that, I have authored, with Congresswoman Maloney from New York, legislation that would essentially direct the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, and the OCC to classify investment-grade American municipal bonds as level 2A securities and highly liquid assets.    Everyone that I have talked to tells me that these investments are some of the safest in the world. Can you help me understand why it would make sense to allow German bonds to qualify as that kind of asset and not allow American municipal bonds?    Mr. Messer. Just a simple question: Do you think if a bank needed to sell investment grade municipal bonds, they could do that, and could they find buyers if we were at a time of financial stress?    Mr. Messer. Yes.