    Mr. Benishek. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks, Chief Weller, for being here. I, too, think that this RCPP model is really the way to go, and to me, I have seen similar public-private partnerships do a much better job in delivering the service that they are trying to deliver than government regulators. To me, a lot of times in Washington when the government starts doing things from so far away, they don't take into account the regional and local concerns, and by having a public-private partnership, if it is for charitable works or nutrition or soil conservation, getting all the people involved and showing them how this is an advantage to them, providing leadership, that is really the way to go with all government, or a large majority of government services. I am happy that this seems to be successful.    The question I have is now that this is started, you have done a couple rounds of conservation projects. How is it going? How have things changed since you have been there? Tell me, have you learned anything? Is there anything that we should do differently with the next farm bill, or what are some of the challenges that you are seeing that maybe could make us do something even better the next time?    Mr. Benishek. It is a better way of doing things than regs, simply regulating from Washington, as far as I can see.    Mr. Benishek. Can you name a particular challenge or problem that some producers are quoting that are making them hesitate to join this? Has it all been positive?    Mr. Benishek. Well do you agree with me and my assessment that this public-private partnership and voluntary conservation is a better way to conserve our land and improve production for farmers?    Mr. Benishek. All right. I will yield back the remainder of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    I recognize Mr. Peterson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Bowman, hey, good to see you.    Mr. Bowman. Good to see you.    Mr. Benishek. I am always happy to see you the other day at the Great Lakes meeting that we were both there for a while there, and I was happy to hear about your work, this conservation plan, and then your example with the water table work that you are doing. And you also in your written testimony talked about this Michigan agribusiness, developing a partnership with them. Can you tell me more about how that works?    Mr. Bowman. Sure. We have identified a suite of ten NRCS practices that have field-based practices that have the most positive impact on water quality, and we have put those into a tool similar to this one that allows the certified crop advisors when they are meeting with their customers to use that tool to talk about different production scenarios and how they can integrate conservation into those production scenarios. But one of the important things, and my fellow witness, Mr. Price, would appreciate this, is that we don't lead with the cost-share. The conservation has to make business sense for the producers' operation, and then we share with them, there may be financial assistance available if you are interested, but you ought to farm this way anyway. And there are some producers that don't want to participate with the government because they have their reasons, and we actually have some private pools of money that we have put together where we can cost-share on practices using that private money, that then don't have some of the application requirements that you--that the producer has to go through with public money.    Mr. Benishek. Well, you also mentioned in your written testimony about how some of the government agency people had some reluctance to work with the producers a little bit, too.    Mr. Bowman. Oh, I have to be careful. I don't know if the Chief is still here, but the fact is is that when we first proposed this project and said we are going to have certified crop advisors talking about conservation with their producers, we ruffled some feathers among some of the agency folks out in the field because they sort of said well, that is what we do, and the fact is, they are the technical experts on conservation when it comes to applying those conservation practices. But, in order for us to be most effective, maybe we don't need them out there recruiting the growers. Maybe we need them helping the growers with the actual execution of the practices, and we can use other folks to recruit the growers.    Yes, we are going through some growing pains with this project, but we are going to come out on the other side all right.    Mr. Benishek. That is good to hear. You might have heard my comments with the Chief there. These private, nonprofit partnerships along with the businesses, it just works better because there is better communication between all the parties, rather than having the government make an edict about, ``You have to do this,'' and then they don't really know what they are talking about because they are not right there on this farm or on the land. And this approach leads to a much better result.    Let me just end by asking that question. How can we make this better? In the farm bill, were there policies there that helped you out or made it better?    Mr. Bowman. Well, there is one item and we are in discussion with NRCS on this right now, and this is a little bit of a cultural change for the agency. When they work with a grower, the first thing they go do is go out and develop a conservation plan for that farm. And that can sometimes be involved for both the agency and the grower to get through all of that. One of the things we are asking for is actually sort of an exemption from that conservation planning requirement, because in our RCPP proposal, we had to already say what the resource concern was we were addressing. We had to already say how we were going to address it, and we had to put in place a protocol to screen that only the fields that were actually addressing it would be eligible for the cost-share. And so if we have a grower that has never done anything with the government before and we are saying to them why don't you try doing this filter strip or this drainage control structure on this one spot, and then we turn around and they say well, you have to have the staff person come out and do this conservation plan and do all that kind of stuff. Maybe we can make a little bit easier entry for them into these programs by looking at some different ways to get them in.    Mr. Benishek. All right, thank you. I am out of time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Peterson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.