    Mr. Zeldin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And appreciate you doing this hearing on an important issue. I represent New York 1. This is the East End of Long Island, the First Congressional District of New York. A lot of people think of Transportation and Infrastructure Committee thinking of roads and bridges. My district is almost completely surrounded by water, so the Army Corps jurisdiction, the FAA jurisdiction, it is great to be on this committee.    I just wanted to put a little bit of perspective on this type of district. A lot of people ask me where the district is and I say, it is the Hamptons. Oh, yes, we know where your district is. We have the vineyards of the North Fork, the five East End towns. But almost 500,000 people who live in my district live in a small town just west of the Hamptons called Brookhaven, and it has just under 500,000 residents.    Now, this town has only 21 miles of interstate. It is called I-495, the Long Island Expressway. The town highway department is responsible for over 2100 miles of roadway, and the need for road repairs go way beyond this one stretch of Federal highway.    We had a pretty rough winter up in the Northeast. A lot of people have read about it coming from warmer climates elsewhere in the country. My colleague, Carlos Curbelo, sent a Tweet where he had a picture of him down in Miami asking Elise Stefanik, Ryan Costello, and I how the weather was up in our area in the middle of one of those blizzards. I appreciate that.    Mr. Zeldin. So I wanted to ask a question. From your perspective, what can we in Congress do to grant more flexibility to States and municipalities with a massive need to prepare critical roads that are not under Federal jurisdiction?    Mr. Zeldin. Director Cox, I want to give you an opportunity to answer that as well. I guess maybe taking the question one step further is, what more can we do to be able to represent a district like mine? I mean, my colleague, David Rouzer, when people think of a highway bill, you think of a district like his where you have these two huge interstates crossing paths.    But as I mentioned, this town that I represent of 486,000 people with 2100 miles of roadway, 21 miles of it being Federal, are there particular Federal policies that for your life as a mayor or as a State transportation official made it more difficult? What more can I do to be representing a district like mine?    Mr. Zeldin. No, no. If you could wrap up. I am just about to run out of time, so if you could just finish your answer.    Mr. Zeldin. I appreciate this. And what I am about to say is by no means targeting our guests here. But coming from a district where we do not have all of these Federal highways running all through our district, we are paying the gas tax. We are paying into the Highway Trust Fund just like every other district everywhere else in the country.    So when I am back at home I am getting asked the question, why are we sending so much more to Washington than we get back in return? It seems like we have the system set up where we are subsidizing the rest of the country. I appreciate your point very much.    Mr. Zeldin. All right. Thank you, Chairman.