    Mr. Shapiro. I am Gary Shapiro, President and CEO of the Consumer Technology Association. I just want to thank you, Mr. Chairman Burgess and Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee as well for inviting me to testify on this important issue.    I also want to thank you for hosting these Disrupter Series. This is really important. You have brought attention to new technologies like 3D printing and drones, which are fundamentally changing the world. Actually, at CTA we created a Disruptive Innovation Council last year and it supports those companies that are developing technologies and services that are disrupting traditional business models, actually creating new markets, and, frankly, delighting consumers. So, this is a good thing. That is what this country was based on is positive disruption.    And that is what we are talking about here. We actually represent over 2,200 American consumer technology companies. We own and produce the CES. It is the world's largest business, coolest, funnest event. You are all invited to attend. If you come to Las Vegas next January you will see literally 3,900 companies, including 300 of them that are focused on connected vehicles, driverless cars. Most of the major auto companies are there as well. And you will see the future right there in one place.    We also, as an association, represent much of the vehicle technology ecosystem. Our member companies are fundamentally revolutionizing the transportation network and are well on their way to making self-driving vehicles a reality.    This comes about because the internet, wireless, and sensing technology are poised to revolutionize the auto sector, as they have other industry sectors. While these changes disrupt all business models, they lead to economic growth, a better standard of living, improved health and safety, and new opportunities to expand entrepreneurship, provide American leadership and solve real-world major problems.    You have heard over and over today about self-driving cars that will save over 30,000 lives a year and prevent hundreds of thousands of injuries. They will also free up our time, enhance the travel business so more Americans will use cars to travel further and see America and actually change our view of cars so they will be a service, rather than a product.    So, I think what we should do is set a goal of cutting American road fatalities by a certain date and challenge interested groups to gather and forge a path forward to solve the many legal, legislative and standardization uncertainties to achieve that outcome.    One question that has already come up today and people are asking is whether this technology must be perfect before it deployed. Perfection may be an unreachable goal but any significant improvement over the status quo of 35,000 annual deaths should be welcome. In fact, though, as you have hard, driver assist technology is already saving lives, avoiding accidents, and paving the way for driverless innovations. We welcome and need technologies that help drowsy or inattentive drivers stay focused or provide specific responses, such as automatic braking and lane drift avoidance, all of which are available in newer models today.    Further, the aftermarket industry does provide a valuable service in allowing consumers to add lifesaving technology to vehicles they already own and that is important because if we wait for the whole fleet to turn over, we are waiting 20 or 30 years to save those thousands of lives of each year.    Our research we have done with consumers confirms there is strong interest in the early stages of self-driving technology. We did a recent study with 2,000 consumers and three in four are excited about the benefits of self-driving cars. More than 60 percent are interested in replacing the car or truck they own with a completely self-driving vehicle.    Of course, you have heard, transportation is a national system. We need uniformity to ensure a national single market, promote safety, and provide consistency.    CTA was encouraged by NHTSA's Federal Automated Vehicles Policy and its recognition of the need for self-driving vehicles. More, NHTSA recognized the importance of flexibility for the industry to continue to innovate with appropriate supervision at the state and Federal level. We appreciate the leadership, however, we do have several concerns with the policy, which we will be filing formal comments on.    While DOT is a primary regulator for self-driving vehicles, other agencies also have a role. Representatives from the NTIA, the FCC, FDC, DoD, and others have asked how they can provide input for their needs, contribute their expertise on spectrum, interoperability, cybersecurity, and privacy, and simply stay informed.    And I applaud the DOT for taking a leadership role and seeking broad input but consensus, national consensus on self-driving vehicles is so important that we need all the believers and the stakeholders together working towards a national goal of saving lives and resolving impediments to get there. This action requires government facilitation and leadership at the very top. We did this, and I was personally involved with our shift to high-definition television, and also did it as we created commercial rules for the internet. The U.S. led the world in both those endeavors because we had industry together, all the interested parties working with government. The result for both has been huge boots in U.S. leadership in content creation and commercial internet ventures.    Self-driving vehicles would be our gift to future generations. They will result in fewer deaths and injuries, a cleaner environment, more freedom and greater mobility. If industry and government work together on a shared national goal, we can remove every impediment and stop the carnage on American roads.    Mr. Shapiro. It is a great question. I think it will have an equivalent of what the car did to those who rode horses, basically. It will be big because you are not only talking about professional drivers, you are talking about also collision repair people, aftermarket parts people, collision repair shops, the insurance industry will dramatically be affected. But what consumers will get in return, obviously, is lower insurance prices and they will have fewer fatalities. The hospital rooms, there will be less people in emergency rooms. It will affect emergency room doctors. And it will be very disruptive. There is no question about that. And that is a very critical issue and I think we have to start talking about it.    So, what happens in any segment of society? What happened to telephone operators? What happened to travel agents? What happened to all these things as we go to new jobs? And that is what this election may have been about. And I think we have an obligation, those in business and those in government to figure it out. And part of figuring it out is what are the jobs for the next century.    Now, we advocate, look, already today there is about 60,000 or 70,000 truck driver jobs that are open. They are not even being filled. So, we need truck drivers but that will shift over time. We have an aging population. We need people to take care of them. We don't have enough people.    We need programmers. We need STEM graduates. We need people that have technical skills. We need in this country to get people to get community college training and raise that so that not everyone has to go to a college.    I could spend a lot of time talking about the future of jobs and we will be talking about it next year in 2017 at CTA because it is important and I think we have to focus on it as a country and as a society.    Mr. Shapiro. That is an addressable situation, increasingly addressable, especially with aftermarket products. It is a matter of what algorithms you create and how your car responds to other people who may not be following the rules. It is a solvable problem but it takes everyone getting together to talk about how to solve it.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, we resolve anything like that by getting to self-driving cars with more and more features towards self-drive as soon as possible because they do save lives.    I don't think you are going to be able to change the fact that--why did we go up from 30,000 to 35,000 deaths last year? And we keep asking ourselves. Well, cheap gas, more miles clearly added but there are others. There are more distractions and it is not only using devices. It is that there is people drinking coffee. And people are tired. They fall asleep a lot. They drink a lot.    Mr. Shapiro. But they are still doing it and I think we are all more tired now for some reason.    Mr. Shapiro. But the point is that it is going up. It is a bad trend. And the way to get out of it is, obviously, to do public education through strong laws on distracted driving but we have got to get to driverless cars and active collision avoidance and even, obviously, past collision.    And we are getting there quickly. I already had an experience with an active collision avoidance where I was stopped hitting the car in front of me because the car took over. I think it is great. I think every American should have that and we should have it as soon as possible and we should also try to get it through the aftermarket. We can't wait 30 years. That is about a million lives we will lose.    Mr. Shapiro. There is something and I will follow-up with you and tell you what it is.    Mr. Shapiro. And I might add to that example, I keep thinking of the fact that every one of us in this room has probably seen somebody and we have swerved away into a lane we didn't even know someone was there. And the technology that we are going to will avoid that risk we are taking, all of us are taking in one on.    Mr. Shapiro. Those are great points and those are the kinds of things which will be plugged into equations so the car will know what it is pulling. It will know its weights. It will know the reaction. It will know what kind of road it is on. It will know if you have been drinking or not, too, which is the point.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, the important part is that we have so many accidents today and so many people, there is drunk driving this obviously will have a big impact on and there is disabled Americans and older Americans that are waiting for this to happen.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, we can also talk about drones to get some service to those people as well.    Mr. Shapiro. I am not winning with you, am I?    Mr. Shapiro. But the bottom line is is we will resolve these problems. And the way to resolve the problems is to identify them and discuss them and come to a consensus.    And what we have now with computer technology and machine learning technology, it will learn as it goes along. There will be deep learning of the situation but it won't be perfect but it will be great.    Mr. Shapiro. Well, you did use the word mandate and that is not a word I have used. I would imagine in a many of the vehicle manufacturers, especially those aimed at the rural area would have a switch that would allow you to turn it on and turn it off, or give you a warning if you are about to hit a tree, and maybe only take over if you are hitting a tree or a deer, or something like that.    Mr. Shapiro. We are evolving on this. Pardon me?    Mr. Shapiro. Well, maybe the car can. Maybe the car can. And that is the advantage of this.    So, I think we have to let it play out but set the goals. And the goals are reducing human injury and death, the 94 percent of car accidents that are caused by human error.    Mr. Shapiro. Yes, Administrator Rosekind testified on that very point and he said that the same risks you have with cars you would have with aftermarket as well. There is no additional risk that he is aware of.    But I would say that even if there is an additional risk, I think you have to weigh that against the lives that will be saved. So, if we wait an additional 15 years so that the entire fleet turns over, as opposed to starting putting the products in in the next few years, then we have lost 15 years' worth of lives at the rate of up to 30,000 a year.    Mr. Shapiro. In addition to the Auto ISAC effort and what NHTSA has done with best practices, we look at this more holistically as part of the internet of things because that is what this really is. And we have an effort ongoing internet of things to focus on and online self-assessment tools so that companies could figure out if they are using best practices and doing things correctly.    Mr. Shapiro. Yes. So first of all, I do want to respond to the other things you said as well.    The tragedy of the kid or the pet in the car, we should be able to solve that. I mean it is a tragedy and it is not like driving which sometimes things are unavoidable. We should be able to use technology to avoid that today. I know I have heard something about this in terms of technology that someone has proposed. I just don't know how mature or realistic it is but I will provide that to the committee.    In terms of the distracted driving, what more you could do, I was just driving in Canada recently and there were signs everywhere and it made me really think about it. I think there are some things other countries are doing we should be looking at as well.    But ultimately, we have to get driverless cars and collision avoidance quickly. And your point about kids being the first is a great one, something I had not considered until you said it but you are absolutely right. I guess we have to convince parents they have to give their kids new cars. That is an official policy.    Mr. Shapiro. Oh, yes, I am sorry. That was really your final question.    Yes, so NHTSA has done, their attitude, their work, their everything has been fantastic. They have the right attitude of pro-innovation, pro everything. However, there is a tradeoff between established car companies and companies that want to enter the marketplace. And the car companies also, they like to change things. They like to change it up. Everyone likes to have something new. We are innovators. We like to progress. And if you have to have everything preapproved, which NHTSA was suggesting, that would really slow things down, especially in the footnote that referred to the airplane model, which takes several years for approvals. And that was pretty terrifying for those of us with this rapid turnaround, rapid changes in technology. And you don't want to deny consumers new benefits.    So, I don't think it is what NHTSA wants to do. I think they have done a fantastic thing it is just we want some areas clarified because of the ramifications and the barriers to entry, the barriers to innovation and new models.