    Mr. Schoppmeyer. Thank you, Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.    Good morning, and thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony relative to this hearing.    My name is Chris Schoppmeyer. My retirement last year marked 34 years of service as a Federal law enforcement officer. My service to the country included time in the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as a wildlife inspector and refuge law enforcement officer and as Special Agent within NOAA, National Marine Fishery Service, Office of Enforcement.    I also served in local government for 25 years as a conservation commissioner and then chairman of the town's Forensic Oversight Committee for the town of Newmarket, New Hampshire.    This provides me with decades of experience with local government issues and conservation issues. I understand and can talk about the Federal land use and law enforcement issues from both Federal and local government perspectives.    In addition to my government work, I serve as the Vice President for Agency Affairs for the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, where I created the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association Environmental and Natural Resource Working Group composed of all land management agencies in the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture, as well as the Environmental Protection Agency and the NOAA Fishery Service Office of Enforcement. This working group was created to address agency and legislative issues specific to nontraditional law enforcement.    With regards to my testimony, I am going to address three points that directly and adversely affect our members who are Federal law enforcement officers from the Forest Service, BLM, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, and the Environmental Protection Agency, Criminal Investigation Division.    The first issue I will address is the need for expanded use of off-highway recreational vehicle use on our national forests and other public lands. The use of the OHRVs has skyrocketed in recent years to include the use of seasonal machines, such as snowmobiles. This increase has been documented on both state, county, and local lands, as well as private lands.    In many states you must attend and successfully pass the mandatory OHRV course before you can legally operate an OHRV on any lands. OHRVs provide access to environmentally sensitive and designated wilderness tracts that are set aside to protect flora and fauna species that are in decline or at risk of becoming imperiled or extinct.    The use of checkpoints applies to all OHRV users, regardless of their being permitted or not. The fact is that the use of the checkpoint is not limited to just the permit; it involves checking for proper safety equipment, awareness of regulations specific to the area, and safe operation of the OHRV for the protection of the rider and the public in the area. This could include detecting individuals who may be operating an OHRV or snowmobile under the influence of alcohol or narcotics.    Expansion of OHRVs on our national forests and other public lands presents other problems for the scarce number of Forest Service officers, whose uniformed officer numbers have decreased from 750 FTEs to less than 450 officers, according to senior managers of the Forest Service LE&I.    The cultivation of marijuana groves in remote locations by DTOs, namely the Mexican cartel and other elements of organized crime, have significantly increased over the past decade, with evidence of marijuana groves being discovered as far north as the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.    The expanded use of OHRVs is already negatively impacting both public and private lands. I cite my home state of New Hampshire where OHRV regulations are enforced by conservation officers of New Hampshire Fish and Game. Despite the requirement of successful completion of the OHRV course, the number of fatalities increases and compliance is still an issue.    The second issue I will discuss just briefly is how dangerous conservation law enforcement is. Conservation law enforcement officers are nine times more likely to be assaulted with a dangerous weapon than traditional police officers. I only have to cite the two examples that the Ranking Member already did; and for the sake of time, I will only briefly mention that Officer Jason Crisp and his K-9, Maros, were brutally murdered in North Carolina.    The same on January 1, 2012. The National Park Service Law Enforcement Ranger Margaret Anderson was shot and killed while attempting to stop a fleeing suspect in Mount Rainier National Park. Unbeknownst to her, he was already wanted for serious felony crimes in the Seattle, Washington area.    The last point that I would like to discuss is on the regulations. I will address the premise that the Forest Service regulations do not require intent when violating, and result in over-criminalization of these regulations. Whether knowingly or unknowingly violating Forest Service regulations is the basis for enforcement action, it is usually based on the facts at hand, observations made, previous violation patterns, and the discretion of the Forest Service officer as to the level of action imposed.    The majority of regulatory offenses are petty in nature, but can range from a verbal warning to an arrest in the most extreme cases.    What I would suggest here, Mr. Chairman, is that--in my part, in the eastern side of the United States, we have very good relations between Federal, state, county, and local. I cite the other day a carry-out by New Hampshire Fish and Game in the White Mountain National Forest where we had the cooperation of the Forest Service, the Carroll County Sheriff's Department, and Pinkham Notch Rescue Squad. We had all of these local volunteers and, I have to say, that it is really astounding to me that we have such problems out West.    That concludes my testimony and I'm happy to take any questions you have. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Schoppmeyer. Well, with all due respect to Mr. Larkin, I think some of the points that he is missing here are that the Lacey Act, we will take for instance, is the oldest conservation law in the United States. It goes back to 1900. Specifically the Lacey Act regulates the interstate or foreign commerce of illegally taken fish, wildlife, and plants. In such, as Mr. Larkin talks about, sophisticated complex civil and criminal cases involving the Lacey Act, the states are ill equipped to deal with it. The county is ill equipped to deal with it.    Quite honestly, if you did not have NOAA agents and Federal Fish and Wildlife agents enforcing the Lacey Act, it would not get done.    The other issue that came up with the FOCUS Act that was introduced by Senator Rand Paul is that, specifically, why don't we just create individual acts to protect rhinos and elephants. Well, you just cannot do that. I mean, it has to be wide-sweeping legislation.    You know, questions are asked, ``Well, why do we enforce other country's laws? '' Because they are even more ill equipped than we are to deal with these issues.    I personally would like to be able to know, even if I have never seen one in the wild, that a rhino exists and that an elephant exists. When it comes to the resources, the one thing that Mr. Larkin and I disagree on is you will never--and we represent the FBI, by the way; they have their own agents' association, but I am the Agency Affairs President--I can tell you that you will never see an FBI agent unless he is asked into an investigation, because there may be other things going on with terrorism funding and things like that, that are their other jurisdiction. You are not going to see an FBI agent out in the woods. It is just not going to happen.    Mr. Schoppmeyer. We go through the same training at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and then we branch off to go to our individual agencies for training. It is entirely different. It is called nontraditional law enforcement.    We protect natural resources. We also protect the public that visits these parks. Visitor safety protection is a high priority with the Forest Service, with the Park Service, and with Fish and Wildlife.    It really does come down to the fact that it is a specialized area, and you've got to want to be a natural resource law enforcement officer.    Mr. Schoppmeyer. Yes.    Mr. Schoppmeyer. Well, I can say this. With regards to the Cliven Bundy situation, our agents and officers that were involved in that situation, BLM and the other agencies, they are concerned. They are concerned about personal safety, they are concerned for their families; and that is not an understatement.    As far as the relationship goes, I find it so bizarre that we can have local and county law enforcement be at odds with Federal law enforcement in the Cliven Bundy situation during that incident; yet several months later during Police Week here, right here in Washington, DC, that we can have those officers standing shoulder to shoulder to respect those that have fallen. It is bizarre to me that that situation can occur.    Again, with respect to your question, I think there is great concern by all of the land management agencies.    Mr. Schoppmeyer. Yes, I would say that it is on a case-by-case basis with the natural resource agencies. We know that there is DTO activity up as far as the Upper Peninsula of Michigan; and quite honestly, your only enforcement up there besides Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection is your land management agencies.    I, as an agent or officer, would not want to confront somebody from the Mexican cartel or something with just a standard firearm that is issued to me as a sidearm.    Then there is the whole issue of the visiting public up in that area who quite honestly could run into a very dangerous situation.    So I think it is a case-by-case basis.