    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Chairman Katko and Chairman King both, for holding this hearing.    The terrorist attacks of September 11 certainly showed the entire Nation that terrorists are willing to go to virtually any length and any means to inflict harm on the American people. In the years after September 11, the Federal Government has certainly taken a number of necessary steps to secure our airports and our airplanes from future attacks.    But, as we all know, terrorists don't operate under conventional rules. I know this well as a former terrorism prosecutor. Terrorists adapt and they find new methods to exploit security and vulnerabilities to achieve their goal of mass casualties. So we have seen that in, frankly, places around the world.    The district that I represent, the Fourth Congressional District of Texas, is full of small towns, like many of those that span this entire country. Almost all those communities have a bus stop and a train stop, whereas, they may not have an airport. So I would like to start with you, Ms. Hanson. Do you happen to know how many commercially-operated passenger air traffic hubs there are in the United States?    Mr. Ratcliffe. I understand it might be a better question for Mr. Mayenschein. I think it is around 200. The reason I ask is, by comparison, how many Amtrak stations are there around the country?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. But in terms of response time and some of what you related, that is important, but before we get there, I guess, my concern is what we have seen in Europe, and I have intimated before that we have seen a number of surface transportation terrorist attacks. Last week I was at Union Station, took an Amtrak train, and I didn't go through security at all when I got on that train like I do at an airport. So other than the things that you just related----    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, and as I related, I didn't go through a formal security checkpoint or clearance like you see at the airport. One of the other things was that neither did my luggage that was with me and I didn't see that. On trains you see different sizes, everything from large suitcases to backpacks.    Other than dogs and walking patrols, are there any mechanisms in place for the inspection of luggage?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I see my 5 minutes went very quickly, so I yield back.