    Mr. Scheeler. And Congressman, EPA themselves have written on this. There was a discussion matrix presented to the Administrator in September of 2010, and they were discussing the potential use of 404(c) before any permit application had been filed, and the EPA written statement is that that had never been done before in the history of the Clean Water Act.    Mr. Scheeler. Well, yes, because there were three adjacent parcels all from the Rem Estate in the Florida situation. The two adjacent parcels had had permits filed for those parcels, and it was determined by the EPA and reflected in the decision that it was expected that any permit filed for the third adjacent parcel would be substantially identical to the ones already filed. So in that case, the EPA did in fact have two permits in hand which were substantially similar, if not identical, to that which would be filed for the third parcel. So that's a complete different situation than we have here where of course there've been no permits filed anywhere at or near the Pebble Deposit Area.    Mr. Scheeler. And Mr. Congressman, I think you would be careful about going from the statement that there's been something submitted to the SEC to the conclusion that there could have been a permit filed. They are very different.    We spoke to Mr. Ghaffari, who wrote the Wardrop Report to which you're referring. That report basically focused on what was in the ground, that is, are there enough valuable minerals that this could potentially be a viable project. A permit application, on the other hand, focuses on how you get that out of the ground and whether you can do it safely or not in accordance with environmental regulations. So there're two very different documents. As a result of that, EPA not only had to rely on the Wardrop Report but fill in a lot of blanks where Wardrop did not have the type of information you would find in a permit application and so they used what they called conventional mining techniques. So in trying to equate the Wardrop Report to what a mine application would look like, I really think we're dealing with an apples-and-oranges situation.    Mr. Scheeler. Just to provide one example, in the summer of 2010, a number of area native tribes filed a petition with the EPA asking them to invoke or commence a section 404(c) process. In the months that preceded the filing of that petition, the attorney for the tribes sent to Mr. North, who was the principal EPA liaison with the tribes, a draft of that petition along with other documents which had been labeled apparently by the counsel for the tribes' ``attorney-client privileged.'' So drafts were exchanged between the EPA representative and between the tribes in the months prior to the actual filing of the petition. Now, that petition was consequential because EPA used that petition sand said they were responding to that petition as their basis for deciding to ultimately proceed with the BBWA, the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment, which in turn ultimately triggered the 404(c) proceeding.    Mr. Scheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Scheeler. No, not exactly. That's--what I'm saying is, a draft of the petition and related materials were sent by the lawyer for the tribes----    Mr. Scheeler. --to Mr. North and then ultimately----    Mr. Scheeler. To his personal email. Ultimately what we see filed in June is the petition. It is different in some respects from the draft that was sent earlier. We do not have--we're not sure if we have all the email correspondence so we do not know whether Mr. North provided comments or any of the changes were due to his input or otherwise, but we did find it remarkable and we did remark upon it the fact that a draft petition was being sent to the EPA along with attorney-client-privileged documents in the months preceding the filing of that petition.    Mr. Scheeler. Absolutely not, and thank you for the opportunity to respond to this issue. We just learned about it yesterday when we got a call from a reporter. Prior to that time, neither I nor anyone on my team had any idea or knowledge about this transaction. So the fact of this transaction could not and did not play any role in connection with the preparation of the report or the development of the investigation because none of us knew anything about it until yesterday.    When I did learn of it, I did inquire of management, and what I did learn from them yesterday is that DLA Piper Canada, the Vancouver office with whom we combined just this past April, acted on instructions of a long-term client to create the entity that's referred to there you have in slide one and that client used that entity to make a purchase of stock without any direction or consultation with DLA Piper.    So the short answer is nobody on our end knew anything about this until yesterday, and nobody in Vancouver had any access or information about what we were doing on behalf of The Cohen Group.    Mr. Scheeler. Let me make clear, there may be a misassumption that you have. It was not the law firm that acquired the stock. The DLA Piper Canada law firm has zero interest in that stock. That stock was purchased by a client of DLA Piper. All that DLA Piper Canadian did was create the corporation which the client used as a vehicle to purchase the stock. In other words, the client purchased the stock and put it into that company and established Mr. Morrow as the contact point for that company. But my understanding is, neither Mr. Morrow nor DLA Piper Canada nor any DLA attorney or entity have any financial interest whatsoever in Northern Dynasty.    Mr. Scheeler. We would be happy to do so.    Mr. Scheeler. And we did, I might add, provide EPA's side of the story. While they didn't speak to us, they provided written record with respect to this. They contend that the documents described by Secretary Cohen were by lower-level employees, they were preliminary, they were not decision-making documents, and so I think that's the way they've articulated their side of the story thus far.    Mr. Scheeler. If I could just add to the notion that this was just opinions that we made up, the fact of the matter is, we borrowed and investigated and see what others had to say about it, and so in terms of, for example, which process was more robust, which process should be used to decide whether or not to build a mine, we really relied upon what the Army Corps of Engineers said. They said that without a permit application, there was no way to evaluate the potential discharges associate with the Pebble Deposit. So if the Army Corps of Engineers with all their expertise could not do this, how could EPA or anybody else? That helped inform our inclusion--our conclusion.    EPA made many statements that also helped inform our conclusion. For example, they admitted in publishing the BBWA, the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment, that this was not an in-depth assessment of a particular mine, that they did not do a formal determination of compensatory mitigation, that only takes place in the context of a permit/NEPA process. So the EPA was quite candid about describing and exposing the gaps in their analysis that would be filled by the more robust permit process. And so the conclusions were not unique to us. They actually come--if you look at the report, they actually come from the EPA and Corps documents.    Mr. Scheeler. Congressman, I think you put your finger on one of the core issues that we identified that we could not run to the ground because we did not have subpoena power but it's obviously a very important issue you're raising. So without subpoena power, we were unable to talk to Mr. North or Mr. Parker, the tribe's counsel, and understand what the full amount of collaboration, if any, there was, but that's obviously an important issue, and you know, the question is, what--you know, what did happen, if anything, in terms of collaboration to put together the tribe's document, which was said by the EPA to be really the act that kicked off the 404(c) BBWA process. That's an important point. There may be benign explanations for this interaction but we have not been able to get to the bottom of it lacking subpoena power but it is an important point to run down.