    Mr. Neumann. Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Chairman Smith, I appreciate the opportunity to be here today to discuss the findings from our recent report on administrative requirements on federal research grants to universities.    As you know, the federal government provides billions of dollars each year to colleges and universities for research, over $27 billion in fiscal year 2015 alone. To oversee the use of these findings, Congress and federal agencies have established a variety of administrative requirements. However, the research community has raised concerns about the administrative workload and costs for researchers and universities to comply with these requirements.    Today, I would like to briefly highlight the three key findings from our report. First, we looked at selected administrative requirements to understand why they're put in place and found that they fell into two general buckets: OMB's Uniform Guidance for grants and agency-specific guidance. OMB's guidance generally focuses on protecting against fraud, waste, and abuse of funds. For example, it requires competition and documentation of purchases made with grant funds. Agency-specific guidance generally focuses on the quality and effectiveness of research. For example, NIH-funded researchers are required to disclose financial conflicts of interest to promote objectivity in the research they conduct with federal funds.    Our second key finding was that there are certain common factors that add to the workload and cost for universities to comply with these requirements. Specifically, we found that agencies vary in how they implement the same requirements causing universities to develop multiple processes to comply. We also found that funding agencies require detailed documentation as part of the grant application process, even though the likelihood of getting funded is relatively low. And some requirements have become more prescriptive such as recent changes to the Uniform Guidance that will require universities to use competitive procurement methods when purchasing any goods or services costing $3,500 or more, which universities told us will result in added workload and costs. Examples of the workload and costs universities have include purchasing and updating electronic grant management systems, hiring and training administrative staff, and then the time spent by the researchers themselves.    Our third key finding was that while OMB and the funding agencies have made continuing efforts to reduce universities' administrative workload and costs, these reductions have been limited, and we found opportunities for further improvements in a number of areas. For example, we found that agencies have not standardized certain administrative requirements across agencies such as unnecessary variations that remain in the format and content of biographical sketches as well as in budget forms and budget justifications. We also found that several funding agencies have not fully considered opportunities to streamline pre-award requirements. For example, NSF has been piling efforts to postpone certain requirements such as detailed budgets until after the grant has been awarded but other agencies in our view have not conducted agency-wide reviews for similar opportunities to postpone requirements.    Lastly, we found several areas where funding agencies could consider providing universities with more flexibility including the OMB requirements on competing purchases and NIH conflict-of-interest rules.    Based on these findings, we made four recommendations to OMB and the agencies in our review--the Department of Energy, NASA, NIH and NSF--to identify and pursue further opportunities to streamline administrative requirements on research grants to universities. The agencies generally agreed to take steps to implement our recommendations.    Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski and Chairman Smith, this concludes my prepared remarks. I'm happy to respond to any questions that you may have.    Mr. Neumann. The only thing I'll add is that we didn't focus specifically on the costs of some of these administrative requirements but rather a little more deeply at the types of things universities had to do to address them, and certainly where they found things like the payroll certification pilot where they could reduce those burdens, as Dr. Cabrera pointed out, they had significant savings of administrative time, the researchers' time. So that's, you know, the kind of--so we tried to provide some examples of the things that universities are doing to comply with these requirements to get a sense of what's behind these numbers that we've been hearing about.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great. Okay. Now I've gone over my time so I yield to Mr. Lipinski.