    Admiral Zukunft. Thank you, Chairman. And thank you, members of this committee. We have developed a number of strategies to address the concerns that were addressed by Ranking Member DeFazio, and we will talk about those in length later. But I am truly humbled to be here, to speak on behalf of the 88,000 men and women of our United States Coast Guard.    Let me begin by emphasizing that there has never been a greater demand for our Nation's Coast Guard. In our own hemisphere, in the Western Hemisphere, we are witnessing extreme violence in Central America, stemming from insidious transnational organized criminal networks.    We are also seeing significant maritime commerce ships fueled by the America energy renaissance. And we have rapidly seen increasing demands on both industry and Government in the world's newest domain of cyber.    Admiral Zukunft. OK. How is that, better? OK.    And we have also seen a new ocean open in the Arctic. Most importantly, all of these geostrategic trends have converged on the Coast Guard in an unprecedented manner, dramatically increasing demands on our daily operations, and major contingency preparedness. This is at a time when much of the Coast Guard's buildings, piers, infrastructure, and many of our platforms are well past their service life.    Last year I sent four 50-year-old Medium Endurance Cutters to costly emergency drydock availabilities, losing 20 percent of my planned patrol days, due to unscheduled maintenance. Those pressures put great strain upon the Coast Guard.    Now, to help alleviate this strain, I have developed strategies to address these converging trends. And we are aligning our budget priorities to meet these. Let me just spend a few minutes talking about these four converging trends.    The first trend is illegal trade in drugs, people, and weapons, which is now a $750 billion global enterprise. And, since 9/11, 450,000 Americans have died in this country due to drug violence and drug overdoses. Combating these networks requires a forward-based presence using Coast Guard authorities and our ability to attack illicit trafficking where it is most vulnerable: at sea.    We have actionable intelligence, due to our commitment to the national intelligence community, on approximately 90 percent of known maritime drug flow in the maritime domain. Yet we are only able to target, detect, and disrupt 20 percent of that 90 percent, due to our limited arsenal of aircraft and ships. This is simply a matter of capacity.    This is one of the reasons why the Offshore Patrol Cutter is my number-one acquisition priority, with an emphasis upon affordability.    Second emerging trend is our regulatory role. The United States is now the world's largest producer of natural gas and crude oil, and the maritime transportation system is a vital pathway for these products. It is imperative that our marine safety workforce continue to grow the expertise needed to keep pace with industry, and to facilitate commerce, not impede it.    And the third trend, we also have a statutory role to ensure the maritime transportation system is secure and resilient against cyber threats. In coordination with the Department of Homeland Security, I will soon sign out a cyber strategy for the United States Coast Guard.    And, fourth, looking to polar operations, changing ice patterns have created new frontiers for human activity, in exploration to tourism, and resource development. Notably, Shell Oil just announced its intent to drill this summer. Maintaining a sure access to the polar regions is vital to meeting the United States Arctic strategy. However, this is a global access challenge, and requires a national solution. Funding new icebreakers must be in addition to, and not at the expense of, our existing acquisition programs of record.    Finally, investing in 21st-century Coast Guard platforms and people is a smart choice. No one will return more operational value on every dollar than the 88,000 men and women of the United States Coast Guard. Our workforce received five Federal acquisition awards in 2014, and we were the first military service to obtain a clean financial audit opinion, and we have now done it 2 years in a row. We proved to be responsible stewards of our financial resources, and capital plan operating, and maintaining platforms well beyond their service life.    Going forward, the key to our future operational success is stable and predictable funding. To be very clear, a lapse in funding will jeopardize the construction of our eighth National Security Cutter. It will cause the furlough of more than 6,000 Coast Guard civilians, and it will curtail Coast Guard operations worldwide.    Mr. Chairman and members of this committee, as you have in the past--and I know it will continue--I seek your support to avert such a funding collapse. I look forward to working with this committee as we make prudent investments in the 21st-century Coast Guard.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Admiral Zukunft. Congressmen, those numbers cause me great concern. Our Active Reserve component is now the lowest it has been since 1957.    Now, we can look back in the last 2 years. We have not had a significant natural disaster. But they have been out there. Super-typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines a year ago with winds in excess of 190 knots. There was another typhoon out in the Pacific this year, Vongfong, with winds of 200 knots. And are we prepared to deal with a natural disaster of that magnitude here, in the United States? Because when we do, we field strip our other field units.    The Coast Guard does not have a force in garrison, other than our Active Reserve. And so, I am deeply concerned with the number of Active Reserves right now, as we look at the disasters that may confront us in the 21st century. Your point is well taken. I cannot drop my Active Reserve level below where we are at right now. I would like to grow that back.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. I will expound a little bit on two of those.    The first was when we had sequestration in 2013. And when I had to make those budget adjustments, the only thing I can adjust is the amount of fuel that I burn. And what burns the most fuel is airplanes and ships. So it has a direct impact on our operations.    We entered 2014 with a funding lapse. The Budget Control Act was still 3 months out, and we didn't know if we would be sequestered that year, as well. So we have to scale back operations. And whenever you scale back operations, you play into the hands of our adversaries, and they take full advantage of the lack of Coast Guard persistent presence.    Admiral Zukunft. Thank you, Congressman. We have identified, you know, the right platforms for the 21st century. Many of the platforms we operate today were designed to do coastal search and rescue--our 210-foot cutters, to go after mariners that wanted to be found. Today, we are going after narco traffickers, and the last thing they want to do is to be detected, apprehended, and brought to justice.    The Fast Response Cutters that we are currently building in Louisiana, that is a game changer for us. And we will build 58 of those. We will recompete the contract. But when you talk to the crewmembers on these cutters, especially those that have served on the 110 before that, it is truly a game changer.    We had an increase in migrant flow over the Christmas holiday. And had it not been for these Fast Response Cutters standing the watch over that Christmas holiday, we would have seen a potential mass exodus from Cuba, if the Coast Guard wasn't out there, standing the watch. But we would not be able to sustain that watch with these new platforms that we are bringing to bear.    We proved the same with the National Security Cutter. And that is why the Offshore Patrol Cutter will be so critical as that middleware between a coastal patrol craft, an off-water frigate, if you will, a National Security Cutter, and then that middleware, the Offshore Patrol Cutter, to protect our maritime equities, including those in the State of Louisiana.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So is that a yes or a no, in regard to the budget being where it needs to be in order for you to recapitalize, considering that these vessels are operating well beyond their intended service life?    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. The best part about the fiscal year 2016 budget is it gives us the wherewithal to proceed with full rate production of the Fast Response Cutters: 6 per year, and then to build out all 58 of those. A challenge we have is the full funding for final design of our Offshore Patrol Cutter. I am quite confident that we will demonstrate that this will be an affordable platform, and that the funding will be forthcoming for us to proceed with what will be the most significant major acquisition in Coast Guard history.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Well, with your happiness with the performance of the FRC, perhaps you can turn to Louisiana yards again on the OPC when you are ready to go there.    Let me change gears very quickly in the last minute. You and I also had long discussions about the fact that the Coast Guard--and I think we both used the term--has become somewhat of a Swiss Army knife. If you look at the evolution of the Service over the last few hundred years, you have taken on all sorts of missions that never were initially considered within the Coast Guard realm.    Looking at--and, as Congressman Curbelo noted, the reduction in your Reserve training budget this year, nearly 9 percent, as I recall--that is what allows you to address some of the surge capacities that you need in some cases. Considering the multimission new face of the Coast Guard, all the things you are trying to do out there, do you have the resources you need, in order to continue carrying out the security mission that the--the growing security mission that the Coast Guard is faced with today?    Admiral Zukunft. Congressman, right now I am resourced for a perfect world. If we don't have a terrorist attack, if we don't have a major natural disaster. Any one of those uncertainties, I am resourced for that. But that is--it is inconsistent with a Service that prides itself on being semper paratus.    As the Commandant of the Coast Guard, what I will not do is offer up reductions to our force structure. We have done that over the last several years, due to making painful tradeoff decisions to meet current-year budget needs. But I cannot cut any deeper into our force structure, as Ranking Member DeFazio and others have brought up, and Congressman Curbelo, with our Reserve component. But that is also true in our active-duty component, as well. So I need to hold fast on my force structure, because that really is the backbone of our Coast Guard.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Did you want me to yield back?    Admiral Zukunft. Yes, Ranking Member. We have got money in the 2015 budget to pull the Polar Sea out of the water so we can do a full materiel inspection of it. Unfortunately, under continuing resolution, my hands are tied in the ability to award that contract. So therein lies the challenges of operating under a continuing resolution.    Then, until we can do a full assessment, then we can make a full business case analysis of whether it is prudent to invest in buying up to perhaps 10 years of service life on a nearly 40-year-old ship, or do we repurpose that money for perhaps a total recapitalization of the fleet, as well, which--at some point we are going to have to make that decision. But we are running out of time, and----    Admiral Zukunft. OK.    Admiral Zukunft. Just need authorization, an anomaly to the existing continuing resolution. The same would apply as we want to award the National Security Cutter number 8, and we need to make that decision by mid-March. So that time is rapidly running out on us.    Admiral Zukunft. And just on the 52--the hulls are as you have seen. I have been on those boats, as well. And there is great pride in ownership, and they are relatively easy to maintain, from an engineering standpoint. So right now there is no need to repurpose those. They have a very unique, high ability to tow other vessels and operate in those conditions that you have in the State of Oregon.    So, right now, there is not a service need to recapitalize those four very unique boats for a very unique mission in a very unique environment.    Admiral Zukunft. And, as you are probably aware, well aware, Chairman, the word ``no'' has not always been in our vernacular. I will produce a mission needs statement, and my staff will certainly brief yours this summer. But as we look at this mission needs statement, what has changed in just the last couple of years?    As DOD rebalances, you know, what vacuums have been created, and what unique niches does the Coast Guard need to fill? And that is why I am very focused on the Western Hemisphere. I have tripled the number of ships in the Western Hemisphere today. It is not because I have triple the number of ships in my inventory. I had to take them from somewhere else and put other mission areas at risk as I look at what is the greatest risk to our national security right now. And it is in the form of transnational organized crime. And so, we need to include that in the mission needs statement.    The energy renaissance. We didn't see that when we wrote the last mission needs statement in 2004. An opening Arctic, which requires command and control platforms to be up there, at least on a rotational basis, and certainly icebreakers, to have the ability to have persistent presence up there, as well.    So, I owe you that mission needs statement. When I meet with every Department of Defense geographic component commander across the world, every one of them, as they look at the threats in their area of responsibility, many of those require Coast Guard-unique authorities. And so, the demand on a global scale continues to go up, whether it is in the East China Sea, off the coast of Nigeria, in the Pacific Island nations in those remote economic exclusive zones, where fish is their only source of economic prosperity. Time and time again we are seeing more and more demands for more Coast Guard. And so, that is what we need to capture----    Admiral Zukunft. OK, understood.    Admiral Zukunft. I will.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. We have a very rigorous port State control program for foreign-flagged vessels in--on any given day in our U.S. ports we probably have at least a dozen vessels that are being detained because they do not comply with international standards for pollution and safety of life at sea.    Those standards are the exact same standards that we apply to the U.S. fleet. There is no difference between the two. But we do see that flag States of convenience, some of them are cutting corners. And in this regard, moving highly volatile materials, this is not a place where we can afford to cut corners. And, as the Commissioner mentioned, in our very congested ports.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. Certainly from our credentialing program, we run background checks on all of those mariners. They carry--many of them carry transportation worker identification credentials. So we have that trust and confidence in our American operators.    So, to answer your questions, from a security aspect, that would be my preference.    Admiral Zukunft. Chairman, I will be happy to take that question.    Admiral Zukunft. We have really matured our relationship with our Area Maritime Security Committees. And even taking it one step further, when I look at the State of California, and Florida, and others where we have transnational criminal organizations operating in those very same waters where we are trying to discriminate licit commerce from illicit commerce, working with Federal, State, local, and private-sector, the synergies that we have, many of those come under our captain-of-the-port authorities. But we have literally come light years since the implementation of the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002.    Admiral Zukunft. Congresswoman, no, it would not. We are being squeezed out of the Los Angeles Airport, as you well know, due to growth in that sector. And so we need to continue to operate in that domain. What it does inhibit our ability to do, though, is to make upgrades that would be needed at Ventura County to permanently base aircraft there. But we can certainly operate from there in the near term. But what it does not provide us is the long-term solution, hangar upgrades and the like, to make that a permanent operating base.    Admiral Zukunft. We will be relocating to Point Mugu in 2016.    Admiral Zukunft. There is a hangar that would need to be upgraded, and we are also looking across DHS to see if there might be an opportunity to have other components of the Department perhaps collocated there, as well. So we are looking at this from an all-of-DHS approach, not just from a Coast Guard approach.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes, we would need an additional appropriation to be able to build out a hangar to fully accommodate that. We can provide you what that dollar value would be, but right now we don't have an appropriation to do so.    Admiral Zukunft. Congressman, we do. And we have an appropriation to do so. In fact, that work is ongoing, as I speak.    Admiral Zukunft. Some of this work is actually ongoing. And so we are still on a timeline where we will have four C-27Js in Sacramento in 2016.    Admiral Zukunft. This is actually a midrange aircraft, and so we have a C-144, which--originally, the program of record was for 36. We have 18 of those C-144 aircraft. And, as you know, we have 14 C-27Js, which is a much more capable aircraft. So we are reassessing is that total of 18 and 14, will that meet our service needs into the 21st century.    Admiral Zukunft. That is correct.    Admiral Zukunft. At the same time----    Admiral Zukunft. That is a good question. So we are phasing the arrival of the C-27Js with the dispatching of the Hercules version of the C-130, which is going to the Forestry Service. In fact, that first aircraft of eight is in the process of its transition, as well.    So, the timing of that, so we don't create a gap for the Coast Guard, is that C-27Js come on board, the C-130H will go over to the Forestry Service. And that will happen over a period of the next 3 years.    Admiral Zukunft. Right now there will be a small gap, but it is a negligible one.    Admiral Zukunft. This is near-shore, since it is a midrange aircraft. And right now our greatest gap is when we are using long-range surveillance in the drug transit zones, which are normally staged out of a foreign country.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. The first place to begin is with the regional response team. But probably, to even navigate through that process, would--to meet with the sector commander in New Orleans, who now owns the Federal on-scene coordinator process. But to activate the regional response team, as we look at measures of whether it is more friendly to the environment to let the oil decay or to go in and do removal operations--now, this does not negate the fact that if there is report of oil or oiling, that oil will be removed under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Well, I think for about 3 years we had asked the Coast Guard to compel the responsible parties to step in and require them to do additional oil removal, as you and I have discussed. Just by moving into the knee-deep water, as we discussed recently, as I recall, I think the 9-month period yielded a 15-time, 12-time increase in the removal of oil, indicating that that was a good scenario, in terms of finding additional oil and removing it.    For years, we pushed the Coast Guard to require additional removal activities, and those were rejected. If the Coast Guard is unwilling to compel the responsible party, what--where does the State go then?    Admiral Zukunft. Well, we compelled the responsible party. And in 2012, 2013--each year we removed about 6 million pounds of oil. And we continue that process into 2014. Whether it was weather-related or not, but--we only removed about 29,000 pounds. That does not suggest that there is not still oil out there. But it just has not presented itself. But when it does, the Coast Guard will respond to any increased oiling.    What we then do is we have to send it off to a lab and determine whose oil is it, to begin with. So this will be a Coast Guard-led evolution. And if this is BP's oil, then they will be held accountable for those removal actions.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Do you see the State and the parish, county, local governments as having a role in the response?    Admiral Zukunft. Absolutely, Congressman. And that was a big learning curve during, really, the most complex oil spill in U.S. history, was who is in charge. The State of Louisiana, as are most coastal States, typically operate under a Stafford Act. And it is the Governor of that given State that directs the day-to-day operations.    Under the Clean Water Act, this is led by the Federal Government. And so it is a different governance structure. And so, what we felt was imperative is that every Governor, every parish president, every mayor on the coast of--the entire gulf coast have a Coast Guard liaison officer that they can talk to, to make sure that their equities were represented. We didn't do that at the very beginning, and so there were concerns of a breach of trust with the Coast Guard.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But you do recognize that the Oil Pollution Act also has a savings clause that allows for State authorities, State laws, to continue to apply in cases when they don't--they generally conflict with Federal law.    Admiral Zukunft. There is, correct.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Let me change gears real quick. The Coast Guard leads a U.S. delegation in the IMO related to ship recycling. And it is my understanding there is currently a convention under discussion that would, in effect, encourage the use of foreign facilities for ship recycling, as opposed to those stateside.    Could I just ask you, in the Coast Guard's role in that delegation to the IMO, could you also consider the use of stateside ship recycling facilities for foreign ship recycling?    Admiral Zukunft. Yes, I will have to get back to you. I can't comment on that on the record right now, but I will be happy to back-brief you on that.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes, Congresswoman, that would really fall under the oversight of our Customs and Border Protection. So it would probably be unfair for me to comment on what Commissioner Kerlikowske would--this would come under his purview, whether that would be a prudent measure or not.    I will say we have a seamless interaction with our Customs and Border Protection. Coast Guard and CBP work at the National Targeting Center together, where Coast Guard screens every foreign crewmember destined for the United States. It could be on a passenger vessel, it could be a commercial vessel. CBP does the same thing for every container. Where was it packed? Is it a trust shipper or not? Which would then make that particular container subject to further screening, or perhaps even more intrusive and time-consuming, actually opening and inspecting that container. But, at the end of the day, this bill would really need to be addressed to Customs and Border Protection.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. Through our acquisition program, we go with a fixed-price contract. And so we have negotiated the price of that contract. And so the contract that will be let is $638 million. But we need to award that by mid-March, so it will be obligated by the end of the month. If we miss this timeline, then we have to renegotiate the price all over again. In our years of experience, every time you negotiate, you negotiate to a higher level, not to a lower level.    So, it increases the cost and, more importantly, it also delays the construction of this final cutter of this program of record at a point in time where we need to build trade space in our acquisition budget to bring on the Offshore Patrol Cutter.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. So we have a very finite acquisition budget. And so we squeeze everything that we can into it. And so, with our 225-foot buoy tenders, this is a service life extension program to extend the service life of these ships out for a number of years ahead.    And so, what that does create, then, is a backlog. And then we would have to look at the next year acquisition budget, but we would need some relief in that to deal with the backlog that the CR may create this year.    Admiral Zukunft. Congressman, I am pleased to say that today probably the United States Coast Guard Academy is the most--or certainly one of the most--diverse service academies of all of military service academies. This year about 39 percent of our entrants were underrepresented minorities.    So, we have turned the corner. The next step is we need to retain. We are doing well, but we need to continue to mentor and grow this diverse workforce at every level in our organization, and we still have more work to do in that regard.    I have taken a personal interest in this, as well. I am active in NNOA, I have gone out through our CSPI program to actually recruit college candidates in their second year of college to be part of our Coast Guard team. They get a stipend of about $36,000 a year to finish out their last 2 years of college, go off to officer candidate school, take the oath, and wear this Coast Guard uniform as a commissioned officer. I take this--this is one of the key pinnacles of my Commandant's direction. And you can count on me to follow through on this.    Admiral Zukunft. First response, complex. We have had, literally, thousands of comments. And we have adjudicated every one of those. This and balanced water regulations are two of my highest regulatory packages in my inbox. Actually, not on my desk. Trust me. When they arrive, they will be off the same day.    I am confident that we will have a rulemaking package ready to leave my Coast Guard headquarters within the next several months. What we have to adjudicate is what are the unintended consequences, especially to the small operators? Is this going to squeeze them out of business? And so we go through a very extensive economic analysis that goes through that, as well.    At the same time, we take on the burden of having to inspect 6,000 more vessels that currently aren't in our inspection fleet of responsibility. But that rulemaking package is--as you have highlighted, definitely needs to get moving. And I will move it out.    Admiral Zukunft. This will happen this year. Again, I have been given--I am not always optimistic with rulemaking packages, but I expect to have it out this spring.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes, that is an amendment to a policy letter. That will come to me, and I expect to see that within--probably within the next month, and we will be able to push that out, and then move that forward. And I know that is a high priority for you.    Admiral Zukunft. It goes from me and then to the Department of Homeland Security.    Admiral Zukunft. Right.    Admiral Zukunft. Right. Actually, what I asked first is that my written statement be entered into the record.    Admiral Zukunft. Because we went through some of that scrub, as well.    Where we are really feeling the pain the greatest is in our shore infrastructure. I have got about a $1.4 billion backlog in shore infrastructure. And I am making an annualized downpayment of $40 million. It is like paying the bare minimum on a credit card. But I am still paying interest on that.    So, we are barely keeping pace with that backlog, but I am having to make those deferments in order to keep our operational platform acquisition program of record viable. So those are the very tough tradeoff decisions----    Admiral Zukunft. Well, obviously, there is a prioritization process that goes with that. Ironically, we get some relief when you have a hurricane, and then we get relief funding to then restore infrastructure that was also on that backlog. So at least we can use disaster relief funding. But that is not--you know, that is using hope as an acquisition strategy, so I can't do that.    And so, I struggle with an acquisition budget that is, you know, hovering somewhere near $1 billion, as I look at what the Coast Guard is going to need in the 21st century. And so that is what we need. We look at a mission needs statement built to budget, what I really need is a reliable and predictable budget, because we have really been on a roller coaster here for the last several years.    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. We can't cut any of our programs of record. What we----    Admiral Zukunft. We would not.    Admiral Zukunft. Right now, you know, we have an appropriation for our eighth National Security Cutter. That finishes that program of record. As we go into 2016 we have got to bring the Offshore Patrol Cutter, you know, on to full budget. And I will continue to endeavor, and with the great support that we have had from the Department of Homeland Security to get where we need to be, because that is my Secretary's--one of his highest priorities is to recapitalize the Coast Guard.    Admiral Zukunft. Again, you have seen the same provision. We have got about a $70 million gap to go to final design work to award the Offshore Patrol Cutter to its--and so the Department, as they look at is this affordable, has given me assurances that we will look within the Department to raise the Coast Guard to a point where we can move forward with the Offshore Patrol Cutter.    Admiral Zukunft. Obviously----    Admiral Zukunft. Yes. From a budgeting process, much more preferable to see the full appropriation that we had requested in that budget. But we need to move forward with the Offshore Patrol Cutter. And I can't emphasize that enough. By the time that first ship is delivered in 2021, it will replace ships that are 55 years old. And we can't let that drag out any more. Or we just abdicate to the adversary and say, ``We are not going to use the authorities, and the United States, the most powerful Nation in the world, is not going to assert its sovereignty using the broad authorities of the United States Coast Guard.'' I will not let that happen on my watch.    Admiral Zukunft. Our authorities resonate very well, and I wouldn't take any one of our authorities away. And this was actually looked at about 100 years ago. Our first Commandant of the Coast Guard. They thought, ``Well, hey, if we split the Coast Guard up and have other components do it''--well, first they have to take on a maritime capability, they have to understand the authorities. But they become one-trick ponies, that is the only thing they do.    But when you look at what a buoy tender does, it tends buoys, it cleans up oil spills, it does law enforcement, search and rescue. So when you look at our platforms, they are really multipurpose. And the Nation really gets the best bang from the buck from these multipurpose platforms because of the authorities that are vested in the United States Coast Guard.