    Mr. Merisotis. Thank you very much for the chance to be here today. I am Jamie Merisotis, president of Lumina Foundation.    You know, the issues being discussed here today are vital not just to the millions of individuals who are directly affected but to the growing demand for talent that will impact our entire Nation and its future. At Lumina Foundation, which is the Nation's largest private foundation focused specifically on increasing student access to and success in postsecondary education, we are working to improve the Nation's talent profile by focusing all of our efforts on one specific goal, what we call ``Goal 2025.''    That goal is this: By the year 2025, we want 60 percent of Americans to hold a high-quality postsecondary degree, certificate, or other postsecondary credential. We are convinced that this level of educational attainment is a national necessity that is the only way to ensure our country can thrive in the global economy.    Unfortunately, today, only about 45 percent of Americans now hold any kind of postsecondary credential at all. So, clearly, we are a long way from having the workforce that we need for the 21st century.    Certainly, servicemembers and military veterans can help close this gap. In fact, they represent a huge asset, a rich source of talent that this Nation sorely needs. Unfortunately, as you have already heard, their vast potential is not being fully realized, in part because of barriers imposed by issues related to education credentialing.    Lumina is involved in many different areas of work related to credentialing. When we embraced this idea of Goal 2025, we realized very quickly that things must change significantly when it comes to credentialing if we have any hope of reaching that 60-percent rate. Simply put, our Nation's postsecondary system needs to be revamped so that it can serve students better and serve far more of them than it ever has before, including the millions of our military veterans.    In short, we need a student-centered system, one that recognizes and rewards not just time spent in the classroom but actual learning, no matter where or how that learning was obtained. This is critical for servicemembers and veterans. If there is one barrier to postsecondary success facing our returning veterans, that is it: being recognized for what they learned while in service. Any workable redesign of higher education must address this barrier, which results from the complexity and confusion of our current approach to credentialing.    Today's credentialing marketplace is highly fragmented, with a vast array of credentials that don't always connect--to each other, to other educational opportunities, or to careers. We need a credentialing system that does connect, one that actually functions as a system, not as a collection of disparate parts.    A great deal of our recent work has been focused on reimagining this type of interconnected system. In fact, as Dr. Swift mentioned, we are part of a partnership of more than 80 national organizations--business, education, workforce, labor, and other organizations--that have begun a national dialogue on this topic.    A reimagined credentialing system would be competency-based, interconnected, and continually updated. It would ensure quality, and it would enable users--students, education providers, and employers--to compare the value of various credentials. Clearly, a system with these attributes would be of enormous benefit to veterans as they make their transition to civilian life.    Of course, the effort to create this type of interconnected system is one that will require concerted action by a range of stakeholders, including the Federal Government, which has supported credentialing reform through its leadership, through funding, and through participation and research.    The Departments of Labor and Education, among others, are already testing approaches to a more inclusive system of credentialing for all students. The Federal Government should work to link those efforts to the many others underway to build a credential system that works for all learners.    Frankly, there are few issues far more urgent than meeting our Nation's growing need for talent. Assuring that the talent of our veterans is recognized, that they obtain appropriate credentials for what they know and what they can do, and that they have opportunities to develop their talent has great import for the veterans themselves, for their families, their communities, and for our Nation.    I am very pleased that this committee and others are considering approaches to breaking down barriers and finding ways to recognize learning and skills however and wherever they are achieved. I am happy to answer your questions about the steps that the Federal Government might take in this effort or to provide further information on the work that we are doing in this area.    Thank you very much for the chance to testify.    Mr. Merisotis. It is an enormously difficult question. As you know, as a member of the Education and Workforce Committee, these issues are cutting across Federal programs in so many different ways.    And I think, ultimately, this issue of protecting the interests of students, the learners themselves, comes down to the fact that we have to change the paradigm of what we are actually getting at in these programs.    We have talked about it; whether it is in the GI Bill benefit programs, whether it is in education programs or others, these are all time-based programs, right? So you accumulate college credits, your benefits expire after 36 months. All of these are rooted in these concepts of time instead of concepts of learning.    And we should be increasingly pushing these concepts that all of us, I think, have talked about today, which is competency in these programs and then driving the consumer protection element around whether or not students, whether they are veterans or other students, have actually learned in these programs. What have they gotten academically? What do they know? What are they able to do out of these programs?    Then we would worry less, frankly, about whether it is a for-profit or a not-for-profit. We would focus more on what are the learning outcomes. Frankly, we have some abuses in not-for-profit educational providers, as well, that we have to address.    So I think these issues that you are talking about, which I think are real and serious, ultimately we have to get at that root cause of the fact that competency should be what we should be focusing on in all of our postsecondary learning programs.    Mr. Swift. This is probably something for the National Governors, who is up in the next panel, to talk about, because I think it is very difficult, because it is a legislative process. Scopes of practice are determined by the legislature.    And so how to deal with that difficulty with these differences, you know--I mean, the differences are some State says, well, we have to protect the public with this profession, and another State will say, oh, no, we don't need to protect the public with this profession. And so the differences are extreme at times as to who supposedly is protecting the public. Whether it is protecting the profession or protecting the public is sometimes debatable.    Mr. Merisotis. I want to just add quickly here on this point.    Mr. Merisotis. This is one of the reasons I mentioned in my testimony this idea of having this national dialogue on credentialing. Because this cacophony that you are talking about, I think, is precisely the problem. From the consumer perspective, whether it is veterans or any other group seeking postsecondary learning, that complexity inherent in the system is a big barrier to their eventual success. And so a lot of people get ripped off by the system, they never complete the programs, they never get appropriately credentialed. So it is a real mess out there.    I am loathe to seek a Federal solution to this, I confess. And so, I think, go with your gut on that, because I am not sure----    Mr. Merisotis. Yes. Yeah. On the other hand, I think the Federal Government could set the tone----    Mr. Merisotis. That is right--set the tone for what the expectation should be and give States the opportunity to differentially regulate based on what they want to accomplish.    I do think, though, that this issue of we really have to have a higher bar within and across States is very different. You know in your State that you have a real cacophony, a real mix, a sort of mess of different programs and different boards. Other States have different models. And I think we need some sort of basic framework, some sort of overall approach that everyone could agree to--national, not Federal.