    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I agree with my other colleagues. This is extremely painful. It seems like with every question, the hole gets deeper and deeper and darker and darker along the way.    I would like to continue walking down this path a little bit further on the Vantage report and direct my questions, Mr. Griffon, to you.    You are familiar with the Vantage study, I assume.    Mr. Hice. OK. Do you--do you know the primary reason why the study was requested in the first place?    Mr. Hice. So I can take from that the Carden Group recognized that the problems likewise are deep and dark and they wanted more affirmation, and so that's----    Mr. Hice . Kind of what----    Mr. Hice. OK. What is the primary problem that both of these studies, but let's focus on the Vantage, concerning the Chemical Safety Board, what is the primary issue that they discovered?    Mr. Hice. All right. But it basically came down to leadership.    Mr. Hice. And we have not one but two studies saying the same thing.    Mr. Hice. All right. Mr. Griffon, what is your reaction to the findings that the Board and, more specifically, that Mr. Moure-Eraso is the problem?    Mr. Hice. And you're not the only one, it appears. So you would agree wholeheartedly with the outcome of the study?    Mr. Hice. OK. You referred to, just a moment ago, several different issues, from a lack of collaboration to a lack of accountability to creating an environment that discourages dissenting opinions, a host of issues, and from the study, staggering, over 80 percent or somewhere in that category of people who were interviewed, agreed that we have a serious problem at leadership with all of these issues. How do you explain these general themes? I mean, they are--it appears from the questioning and the testimony that these things were wide in the open, right out in the open.    Mr. Hice. It appears the root has been discovered. We just need to pull it up.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to cease continued questions, but I would ask for unanimous consent to enter a copy of the Vantage report into the record.    Mr. Hice. And I yield my time. Thank you.