    Mr. Trott. I thank the Chair for organizing this hearing today, and all the witnesses for sharing their insight. I also want to thank my good friend from Texas for his question. Mr. Steinle, I was going to ask you if the President had reached out to you, but I decided not to do that because I assumed that, of course, he had done that. So I am sorry that has not happened.    I thank you for your courage in being here today, and I, too, hope this is just a beginning. And my question is to Ms. Vaughan. One of my concerns is I am going to support H.R. 3009. I am going to vote for it this afternoon. But it really has to be just the beginning because it targets about $800 million of money for law enforcement.    And my concern, and I would like you to speak to it, is it has to be just a first step because many times law enforcement, sheriffs, and police chiefs are following the directive of a city council, or a mayor, or a county commission. And I think we have to go further upstream and withhold TIGER grant money for road funding for sanctuary cities that decide to ignore Federal law. I think we have to make the repercussions of a sanctuary city deciding to ignore Federal law much more severe than H.R. 3009. Can you give you any suggestions or thoughts in that regard?    Mr. Trott. Thank you. Chief Biehl, during your testimony you commented that, you know, resources are finite. It is difficult for police departments to balance the different needs, and the Federal immigration laws on some level are a distraction perhaps in balancing all the different demands on your police officers. That is true of so many things today in State and Federal Government, so it is not unique to whether we should enforce our immigration laws. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Trott. But if we boil it down where we are talking about with respect to today's tragedy that led to this hearing is a phone call, right?    Mr. Trott. In your testimony you kind of suggested that sanctuary cities maybe are helpful insofar as unlawful immigrants are not afraid to report crimes. Ms. Vaughan disagrees with that, suggests it is a myth. Do you want to comment on that?    Mr. Trott. Sheriff Jones, the President's policy is just to seek custody of folks that have been convicted of crimes, not charged. Do you want to comment on that?    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Sheriff. And, Mr. Steinle, I will close with this. I am out of time. But the head of Amtrak apparently could not find time a few months back after the tragedy in Philadelphia to call the eight families that were affected by that. So apparently there is a pattern and practice here in Washington of people not being considerate of the tragedies that affect our citizens.    Thank you. I yield back.