    Mr. Issa. The Committee will come to order.    Today's hearing concerns digital trade, and specifically cross-border data flows. The modern economy requires data flow and to flow freely.    Individuals and businesses rely on technology and the efficient and reliable movement of data across borders. The recent decision by the European Court of Justice, invalidating the 15-year-old Safe Harbor Agreement between the United States and the European Union, created uncertainty that's bad for business everywhere. We hear that a new Safe Harbor Agreement is imminent. But if an agreement is not reached by the end of January 2016, then the consequences for transatlantic data flow and business operations could be dire.    To help us reach a new agreement with the EU, the House passed a Judicial Redress Act last month. Though it still awaits Senate action, it is a strong move by the House to support--in support of reaching this vital agreement.    But cross-border data flow are not simply a transatlantic issue. They also figure prominently in the Trans-Pacific Partner Agreement, or TPP. As we consider digital trade issues more globally, it is important to view the tactics being used to restrict it as much as any other point of it. The trade barriers being used to restrict cross-border data flows are simply nontariff trade barriers. By any other name, it is protectionism, and it hurts U.S. competitiveness; it hurts the very countries who are implementing these protectionist agreements, and ultimately, it will hurt global trading with all the partners who depend on data free flow in a 21st Century.    These trade barriers include localization requirements for cloud computing. That means that instead of harnessing the economies of scale that come from a cloud, companies will be forced to house in facilities in individual countries, resulting in duplicative infrastructure and higher costs. Let us bear in mind that a location anywhere on the face of the earth is a location everywhere on the face of the earth. And many countries seem to ignore that in favor of basically an infrastructure construction project being mandated in their country.    And it's not just technology companies that can be harmed by these types of digital trade barriers. In the financial services industry, banks use a security practice known as charting, that splits a single customer's information into discreet packets that are stored in multiple locations to prevent a hacker from compromising it. By its very definition, this practice would be impossible without the free flow of data.    In July, we held a hearing on The Internet of Things, or IOT. This new era of technology relies on sensors transmitting data to a cloud for analysis. If the data cannot flow freely around the globe, then The Internet of Things technologies will not be as successful as they could be, and, in fact, could restrict many of the technologies already implemented in The Internet of Things.    If countries are allowed to unduly restrict data flow, what is to stop them from creating new market access requirements that require companies to share source code, trade secrets, utilize--utilize or source solely from local companies, and more absurdly, force U.S. studios to alter their story line of a movie as a condition of market access.    The last one isn't that absurd. A report published just last week by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, explains just how China regulator--China's regulators do just that as a condition of market access.    As this Committee works to promote digital trade, we are continuing a long battle against market access barriers that take surprisingly, and oftentimes, strange forms.    Though the issues can oft-times seem complex, the goal here is to actually make this simple and understandable for the American people to ensure free and fair trade, improving U.S. competitiveness globally.    Digital trade helps drive the modern economy, and I look forward to our witnesses today and a healthy debate on these issues.    Last but not least, it goes without saying that no one owns data in a global environment exclusively. An economic transaction for an American who is traveling in a foreign country, requires a look-back to their country. If the United States refuses to provide that data, while another country refuses to provide the information as to what is being bought or what service is being procured, then, in fact, you have a standoff; I won't let my data flow to you to tell you what customer X is buying, and you won't tell me if customer X can pay for it. Can you imagine trying to travel with a MasterCard or a Visa or an American Express that simply couldn't cross international lines? Sounds absurd? Not if everyone says, my data is mine, and I won't share.    And with that, I recognize the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. The gentleman yields back. Thank you.    We now will hear from the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    Without objection, all----    Mr. Issa. For what purpose does the gentleman seek recognition?    Mr. Issa. Without objection, placed in the record.    Mr. Issa. You're most welcome.    Without objection, other members' opening statements will be made a part of the record. We now move to our distinguished panel for today.    The witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety, and I'd ask you to please summarize, within 5 minutes or less, your opening statement.    To help us stay within the timing, as you may be used to, you will see a red, yellow, and green light in front of you. Please think of them like you do the lights that you never, never run in your daily driving habits.    Before I introduce the witnesses, I would ask that all witnesses please rise to take the oath pursuant to the Committee rules. Raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Our witnesses today include Ambassador Peter Allgeier, president of the Coalition of Service Industries; Dr. Robert Atkinson, president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation; Ms. Victoria Espinel, president and CEO of BSA, the Business Software Alliance, or the Software Alliance now as we want to call it; and Mr. Ed Black, president and CEO of the Computer and Communications Industry Association; and certainly never least, Mr. Mark McCarthy, senior vice president of Public Policy for the Software & Information Industry Association.    And with that, we'll go down, starting with the Ambassador. Oh, and before you begin, I would note that we're going to go about 5 or 10 minutes into when the bells ring, and then we'll be gone for roughly half an hour, but we'll try to get through as many witnesses as possible.    Ambassador.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Ambassador.    Dr. Atkinson.TESTIMONY OF ROBERT D. ATKINSON, Ph.D., FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT,     Mr. Issa. And thank you.    Mr. Issa. Try--Victoria, pull it a little closer to see if that works.    Mr. Issa. These are very effective.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Black.    Mr. Issa. I'm afraid now you're not quite loud enough.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. MacCarthy.  TESTIMONY OF MARK MacCARTHY, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, PUBLIC     Mr. Issa. Once again, we'd like to hear you better.    Mr. Issa. Pull it a little closer, and let's see.    Mr. Issa. Yes. Sequestration gets us all.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    With that, Mr. Nadler has responsibility on the floor with his votes, so he will do the round of questioning, and then we will recess until after three quick votes.    Mr. Issa. I thank all of you. We're going to--we'll stand in recess until 5 minutes after the last of 3 votes begin, because I will vote, and I will walk. So 5 minutes after that, I will be here, and we will pick up with those who are present.    We stand in recess.    .    Mr. Issa. The Committee will come to order. I'll now recognize myself for my 5 minutes or longer, if people doddle getting back.    Ambassador, when you talked about--I believe you talked about the carveout for banks. Can you go through one thing with me? What could possibly prompt the United States Government to want to carve out banks?    Mr. Issa. Well, let me ask you a rhetorical question: Localization versus duplication. If the United States Government had said that on all American persons and/or all accounts, whether owned by non-U.S. persons or U.S. persons, there must be maintained a copy in the United States, thus not requiring localization but simply the ability to get a copy related to U.S. bank accounts, wouldn't that have met all of their requirements?    Mr. Issa. Well, I hear you, but I want to have a dialogue for a moment, because I think part of the data question for all of us is cost. I hear you say cost, but in the--with the possible exception of the IRS, it doesn't seem they'll maintain 6 weeks of backups. In the ordinary course, backups are a relatively cheap mass storage.    So, again, the question I have for you is, regardless of where live data is hosted, realistically, the only American interest, the only U.S. interest was, for purposes of the IRS, 7 years worth of data, right? So let me ask again, wouldn't any country, for purposes of sufficient information to allow them to make the appropriate tracking for tax purposes, either demand that it be maintained, a copy be maintained where they could reach it by a U.S. law enforcement agency, or an agreement that would allow a long-arm relationship?    So, for example, if you're going to host in Britain, Germany, somewhere, there has to be an ability for the IRS to be able to ask for and receive that. Would that be an example--as a former trade ambassador, would that be an example of these carveouts that you think are limited but appropriate as long as you can demonstrate the need, the specific need that is being preserved?    Mr. Issa. Okay. You've made my case in a sense. Isn't it true that without the U.S. having imposed this, they already had other requirements, the FDIC, and so on, that would have required banks and other financial institutions for various reasons to have a copy available for their observation and review, right?    Mr. Issa. It depends on the bandwidth of the pipe.    Mr. MacCarthy.    Mr. Issa. Visa? Payment card?    Mr. Issa. Small company. Okay.    Mr. Issa. I've heard of it.    Mr. Issa. So your position is that the United States asking for this in the trade agreement was unnecessary and counterproductive?    Mr. Issa. Is there anyone that disagrees with it being unnecessary and counterproductive? Okay. Then we'll consider that it was unnecessary, counterproductive.    I'll close--because I want to get to the other folks that are now coming back--with a very simple question: To the best of your knowledge--and, you know, Mr. Snowden helped us have some of this knowledge, but--and WikiLeaks did, too, for that matter--isn't it true, that, for example, Nigeria, a country that loses half a billion dollars a month of oil, which is tangible and hard to steal, is, in fact, a place where if the United States wanted to get any and all records hosted there, they would be able to do so easier in Nigeria, and be able to do so without the court's supervision at all? Because ultimately, once something leaves the United States, the United States is under no obligation not to--the NSA, which has been mentioned here previously, can simply take what they want, assuming they have the technology.    Isn't that true that the countries who demand that the data be kept in their country and out of the U.S. actually lose protection that is granted in the United States for under the Fourth and other amendments?    Okay. We'll assume that I knew the answer to that one. Ms. Espinel?    Mr. Issa. I used them because they can't even keep track of their own oil.    Mr. Issa. But let me do a final, and it's a rhetorical question, but isn't it true, really, that Nigeria hosting their Nigerian information really simply means that, like China and other countries, they have the ability to take, without due process potentially, the information of their citizens where if it's hosted in the U.S., there would be due process?    Yes, Dr. Atkinson.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. And I look forward to additional questions.    And with that, I'd like to go to the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    We now go to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Issa. Without objection.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    We now go to my colleague, the gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentlelady.    We now go to the Vice-Chairman of the Subcommittee, the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Issa. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Issa. If I heard that, Mr. Black, were you saying that the international conundrums are causing problems, while the domestic well-crafted has allowed us to thrive. Is that what your intent was in that paragraph?    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    And without objection, Mr. Black, if you want to revise and extend that portion to clarify it, I'm sure the Committee would be happy to have that record be full and complete.    And with that, we go to the gentlelady from Washington State, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    We now go to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Issa. I'm afraid you're going to have to use Mr. Black's microphone.    Mr. Issa. Yeah.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Gentleman from New York is next, I think, or from Rhode Island. Which one of you is ready to go first? The gentleman will yield to the gentleman from New York.    Mr. Issa. We now go to the gentleman from Texas, who has been patiently at the end of the dais.    Mr. Issa. And I'm going to take the 3 seconds back and treasure them always.    Oh, I'm sorry. I think--the gentleman is recognized for a short addition to his now expired time.    Mr. Issa. Ms. Espinel, are you familiar with that?    Mr. Issa. Mr. MacCarthy, if the gentleman would--okay. Please.    Mr. Issa. Again, you've got to use Mr. Black's microphone. We've denied you full access, I'm afraid.    Mr. Issa. And with that, I'll take those 3 seconds and pass them on to the gentleman from Rhode Island for an additional 3 seconds.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    We now go to the gentlelady from San Jose.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. And I thank you for that salient point. I think it is one of those where be careful what you wish for. May Spain always have the dark ages back, if that's what it wishes for.    Dr. Atkinson, I'm going to ask you sort of a question that I know the answer to, but--but it may be a will question as much as it can.    Would be it helpful and/or appropriate and/or possible to sue the EU under the WTO in light of their decision?    Mr. Issa. I'm sure WTO was in that.    Let me ask a broader question. I had the opportunity to be in Antarctica last year. Fifty-three Nations--I had to look that up to remember--53 Nations are all part of an international treaty that says you can go there; you can have things there; you can't--you can't mine and take the resources, and nothing could be done there that essentially isn't agreed to by the party as a whole. It's a noncountry by international agreement.    As this Committee goes forward with the number of pieces of legislation, and we're looking at privacy, domestically, and then we're looking at a global world, do--I'd like each of your comments briefly, just as we have around our Custom systems, if you will, sort of free trade zones, they have places where you can bring your goods to the United States, but they're not in the United States for any practical purpose. And there's no tariff, and quite frankly, they are still considered to be not in the country. So they can only be seized or looked at as a ship might be bordered in international waters.    Should we use, if you will, a combination of these two models, the pretrade zone in the U.S. and the idea just like Antarctica, there have been to be places, in this case, the cloud, in which all countries have to view it as outside their reach, and as such, not so easily taken whether it's in the U.S., and Europeans are concerned that their privacy will be breached, or vice versa, inside another country where somehow the standard would be artificially higher or lower to enforce whatever is subject to what I would envision as an international trade agreement that mirrors, if you will, the best of the protections of, let's say, the Europeans and ourselves and other partners.    Can I have your comments on that?    Mr. Issa. And I appreciate that, and I'd love you to answer further, and I'll read any material you send me. My question was more narrow, is should we take away in some hosting environments, if you will, a cloud and say it does not reside inside the U.S., even though it's in Toledo, but, in fact, it doesn't reside in any Nation, and all Nations have to observe at the same level of respect as though one might do an extradition, rather than a simple subpoena, no greater, no less than--than that? And that's one of my questions is, if we're going to make the cloud a free trade zone, do we have to begin looking at it as not ours, even if it's in the U.S. and not theirs, even if it's hosted there. And I'll just go down the list. But please stay narrowly focused, because I want to get to Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Issa. Just so you know, the Chairman of the full Committee made it very clear in the last round of legislation that this Committee was tired of our country knowing more about us than us knowing less about them. So you may--you may find the definition of legitimate interest to the government is on the wane from this Committee rather than the ebb it had after 9/11.    Ambassador.    Mr. Issa. By the way, I think it was about 1959 that we started trying to get Antarctica. We are only at 53 countries. So I have no illusions that this would necessarily be quick and easy, but it is--it begins to appear to me that if we do not begin to think of the cloud as not America's, then the rest of the world will say, if it's going to be yours when it's in America, then it's going to be mine if I have the ability to mandate it. And that's--that's exactly what this hearing today was about, is how do we get that free flow to be not a bias toward a country of residence to the detriment of others concerned?    Mr. Black.    Mr. Issa. Mr. MacCarthy, as you answer it, I want to tell you--yeah, grab the right one--I did not use the high seas, because there's too much seizing of things on the high seas, but rather, places in which the world has agreed to a common set of protection, a common set of respect for other countries. Nobody can go into Antarctica and do something where other countries are not essentially consulted in the process. So it is a little more like extradition and a little less like the high seas.    Mr. MacCarthy.    Mr. Issa. Okay. I'm going to go to Mr. Johnson. But I will leave you with this, because we can certainly, many of you we regularly have a dialogue with. If the United States is to lead, we certainly have exclusively, within our jurisdiction, the ability to create these zones. We have the ability to lessen our own authority over a site hosted under this concept that it is not America without specific protections. In other words, a foreign hosting site, to use a term that may not exist yet.    But, you know, the United States could, tomorrow, decide that we're going to have foreign hosting sites, and that a foreign hosting site is, by definition, one of which the Department of Justice and others must treat it as a non-U.S. and use an open and transparent process in order to go after it, and not treat it quite the same as we would a U.S. In other words, give it all the protections of being in the U.S. from a standpoint of the NSA not being able to hack it, and yet, give it additional protections.    This is not a new concept to think about, can we do better? The question is, will America lead? And that's what I'd like to have in the days and months to come.    Your comments on can America lead by creating something which the rest of the world could have a higher belief on, and if we do this, the same as we created the Internet, and we set the standards and then we gave it as a gift to the world, at least as to entities which are hosted within our borders, but are hosted under some enhanced protection and assurances for the rest of the world, we could lead a standard that I doubt that Russia and China would follow, but I certainly would like to reach a standard that the EU would admire and emulate.    Mr. Johnson, I apologize for going a little long, but the gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman.    Is there anyone who wants to make any closing remarks that, from the whole host of questions that you would like to have briefly in the record, and then we can--you can extend, and I'll say in that my closing remarks.    Mr. MacCarthy.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Black.    Mr. Issa. Reclaiming your mike.    Mr. Issa. Ms. Espinel.    Mr. Issa. You can just tell us, what was it like being at E&C versus here? Which Committee did you think better of? You can be impartial here.    Mr. Issa. Of course.    Mr. Issa. Anyone else? Doctor.    Mr. Issa. Ambassador, you get to close.    Mr. Issa. Well, I want to thank you all of you for a delightful conversation back and forth. I think to all of us who attended, this was very useful.    As promised, I will leave 5 legislative days to submit additional written materials on any subject, but particularly the ones that I brought up. And if you have any additional extraneous material, we also would accept that.    And with that, we stand adjourned.