    Mr. Becker. Good morning, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Johnson, for the opportunity to testify today on the important issue of the security of our election system.    My name is David Becker and I'm the Executive Director of the Center for Election Innovation and Research, a nonprofit working in partnership with election officials like Secretary Schedler and technology leaders to improve our system of elections.    My experience in elections goes back about two decades, starting with a seven-year stint as a senior trial attorney with the voting section of the Department of Justice under both the Clinton and George W. Bush Administrations where I observed dozens of elections in hundreds of precincts nationwide and then served for several years as the Director of the Elections Program at Pew where I oversaw efforts to use technology to improve the efficiency and security of elections.    As an initial matter, we should be clear about the election systems that are in place and what they each do and what if any relative vulnerabilities might exist. Voter registration databases or a key election system have been in the news a lot recently. As you noted, there was a breach of the Illinois voter registration database where personal data from several thousand voters appears to have been accessed. In Arizona, it appears the State successfully detected an attempted hack of their state voter registration database and prevented access of any private data.    But in both cases initial investigations suggest no voter data was changed. The voter registration lists remained intact with the primary goal of the hack seemingly being to access personal data for the purposes related to identity theft rather than to manipulate the voter lists themselves.    While we should continue to be vigilant about these centralized databases, to my knowledge, every State creates a regular backup of their voter registration lists, and most States on a daily basis, so that should anything go wrong with the databases themselves, the list could be reconstructed prior to the election.    And while there have also been concerns expressed about the hack of the Democratic National Committee email system, that system is completely different than the election systems in place. That was an attack on a centralized email server and a nongovernmental entity which bears no analogy to the highly regulated systems in place in the States to administer elections.    The voting machines themselves include paper ballots or electronic devices on which votes are cast and include vote tabulation equipment. And with regard to those systems, I can say that while no system is 100 percent hack-proof, elections in this country are secure, perhaps as secure as they've ever been, and that voters should have confidence that their votes will be counted and counted accurately.    There are four primary reasons that voters should feel confident in our election system. First, our election system is highly decentralized. Each State governs the administration of elections independently, and within each State there are many individual election jurisdictions--counties, towns, and the like--totalling approximately 10,000 nationwide that actually administer those elections.    Even within many States, counties use different systems and dozens of different technologies to conduct elections, and within those thousands of election jurisdictions there are well over 100,000 Election Day precincts and polling places where ballots are cast and collected, and that is just on Election Day, not taking into account the thousands of early-voting sites and tens of millions of mail ballots that will be utilized this November. Thus, there isn't a single or concentrated point of entry for a hacker. Rather, there are thousands of points hacker would have to successfully navigate to manipulate the results of a national election.    Second, voting machines are kept securely. These machines are subjected to rigorous protocols for chain of custody and testing in every jurisdiction. Machines are held under lock and key with additional protections in place to ensure that nobody without proper credentials can access the devices. It's exceedingly difficult to gain unauthorized access to even one of these machines and nearly impossible to gain access to more than one. Prior to every election, not just federal elections, but every time the equipment is used, these machines go through a series of tests called logic and accuracy tests to confirm that they are working as intended, recording and tabulating votes accurately.    Third, unlike voter registration databases or email systems, I know of no jurisdiction where voting machines are connected to the Internet. This makes it nearly impossible for a remote hacker, whether in Moscow, Russia, or Moscow, Idaho, to access the equipment and plan malicious code or otherwise hack the system. Without connectivity, it would require a hacker to have unfettered physical access and enough time to sabotage one machine just to impact the results on one device in one polling place. To manipulate election results on a state or national scale would require a conspiracy of literally hundreds of thousands and for that massive conspiracy to go undetected.    Which brings us to the fourth reason: Even if hundreds of thousands of conspirators operated undetected on a diverse range of systems, defeating the testing and chain-of-custody protections in place, it would likely have no effect on the vast majority of election results nationwide because well over 75 percent of voters vote on paper ballots or on a device that creates a paper record.    And in most States--32 plus DC. as of 2014, there is a postelection audit requirement that mandates States match the paper record to the digital record, and if a discrepancy exists, recount the paper ballots for use as the official record. The States that require such an audit include the battleground States of Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Wisconsin, among others, so even if a grand conspiracy were viable, a postelection audit requirement would almost certainly discover it prior to the election results becoming official.    There's been a lot of hyperbole surrounding the selection, but the processes in place to ensure the integrity of our election system should not become part of the political rhetoric. There are few loudly seeking to sow distrust in the system, but there are far more working quietly and collaboratively at the federal, state, and local level and election officials across the political spectrum like Secretary Schedler here who are working to secure our voting systems and reassure voters that the selection will accurately reflect voters' choices.    And voters can play a role as well, by attending pre-election voting machine tests and especially volunteering to serve as poll workers to see the process firsthand, whether it's federal officials offering assistance and resources to the States, state and local officials sharing best practices, or citizens serving as poll workers, this cooperation and diligence will protect our elections in 2016 and safeguard future elections as well.    Thank you and I'd be happy to take any questions.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I agree. I think it's not out of the realm of possibility that there will be an attempted hack either before the election or at any time, as there was with the voter registration databases. But I think the chance that it would be successful is down below two. I think vigilance is important but it appears that the primary goal here is to disrupt confidence in the election rather than actually manipulate election results.    Mr. Becker. Correct.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I agree with that. I think, as Secretary Schedler noted, election officials are on high alert, and they're on high alert not just for this election. They're on high alert for every election. And, you know, in many States if it's Tuesday, it's Election Day because there are so many elections now.    So not only are they trying to make sure that the security of the systems are in place and that the process as a whole is secure but they're also doing, I think, a remarkably good job--probably better than ever before--of balancing that with access to all eligible voters to make sure they can have a good experience.    So whether it's more people having access to easy ways to register to vote, more people having easy access to voting information like things with the GeauxVote app in Louisiana and many other States or more voters than ever before having access to early voting and mail voting option, I think election officials around the country, both Democrats and Republicans, are doing a remarkably good job, probably better than ever before, balancing out the access and security concerns.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I think thanks to the efforts of state and local election officials all around the country and efforts of the Election Assistance Commission and the Presidential Commission on Election Administration and many others, voting is easier today than it ever has been before. As I noted, more people have access to easy voter registration options. Many States--20 States, including Louisiana, have joined the Electronic Registration Information Center, which allows them to keep their voter registration data up-to-date and has resulted in registering about a million--almost a million new voters.    More people have access to voting information and convenience voting options where they can vote by mail or vote early. That trend has been remarkable, and I think we're going to see and I hope that we're going to see the benefits of it in this election and as it expands in many years to come.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I agree. I think the Help America Vote Act has helped improve security since it was enacted, but even more importantly, what we've learned since it has been enacted has helped improve the security. I think the 2016 election is going to be one of the most secure we've seen in recent memory but there's no question that I think based on what we're talking about here and this discussion and the conversations we're having, the 2018 and 2020 elections will be even more secure.    Mr. Becker. Sure. Thank you. The--you know, of course Oregon and Washington have had long-time success with mail balloting in their States, and there are lessons that other States are learning from that. Not every State is the same, and other States have reached different decisions about their population of that, and that's entirely appropriate.    But States like California and Arizona and some other Western States offer the option of becoming a permanent mail voter, which you have to check a box, but after that you'll receive a ballot for every election. And I think very interestingly, Colorado has experimented with a model--actually has put a model in place that--California just passed a similar bill that is a hybrid of sorts where every voter gets a mail ballot, but they can choose to mail that ballot in, drop that ballot off at a drop site, go in for early voting at a vote center as Dr. Wallach mentioned, which is they can go to any one within the county or they can even go on Election Day to a vote center and vote anywhere within the county. And they've seen some pretty strong initial successes there. So I think we're----    Mr. Becker. Absolutely.    Mr. Becker. Right, and I think like--I think the States are learning from that experience and are trying to figure out what's best for their State based upon the successes that Oregon and Washington and Colorado and other States have seen with their particular systems.    I think also, importantly, you brought up the note between the voter registration systems and the voting machines and tabulation devices themselves. And I think particularly with mail voting it's very important because the voter lists are the way to deliver a ballot to someone because that's the list that generates the mailing to the voters. Of course, in States where they don't get ballots it's not that voters don't receive something else. They're usually receiving a card that's a reminder.    To the question earlier about chaos, which I think is a very important question, I think there's been a lot of work, contingency plans put in place by States to avoid chaos just in the last 10 to 15 years. One thing that's true now is particularly for Presidential election it's going to be very hard to avoid information about when the election is and what's going on. In fact, I'm guessing a lot of people right now would like to get away from information about the election.    So whether it's the work that Facebook is doing pushing information out about it's Election Day, click here to find your polling place, whether it's the work Google is doing the same way, whether it's the work of many other tech partners and States are doing partnering with those entities to make sure that information gets out, that's all a great protective measure to ensure that if a voter does experience a problem or might--think they might experience a problem, they can in advance go and make sure that they're getting the right information.    Mr. Becker. Yes, thank you. So in--we--of course, auditability is important. If--it's very helpful when there is a permanent record created that should a count need to be reviewed for some reason--and in fact there's a process in place to discover even if you're not sure whether the count needs to be reviewed that you can discover that, and that's what a good postelection audit does.    In 2014, about 32 States offered--had a requirement for postelection audits. You know, I'll be honest. Some are better than others. There's very good standard practices where States pick random precincts across the State and check the paper count against the electronic count. There's even something called a risk-limiting audit where you escalate the number of ballots you have to count to ensure the result as the election gets closer, and these are practices that are put in place in many States.    What we are seeing is that it is easier to audit a system when you have a permanent record, a paper record that the voter has reviewed, and more voters are going to be voting on paper than we've seen since HAVA was enacted. States like Maryland and Florida, which had used paperless direct recording electronic devices, have switched. I believe this is actually--I'm a Maryland voter, but I--this is the first Presidential election since the passage of HAVA where Maryland will be using a paper ballot that's read via optical scan.    I've recommended for years--and States along with the Presidential Commission--that postelection audits are a good idea, and having a system that allows for full and transparent postelection audits and paper right now appears to be one of the best systems for that, affords the best opportunity to ensure that the election results are--do reflect the will of the people.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I don't have any specific information. I'll defer to the national security professionals on that.    Mr. Becker. I can't answer that without knowing the information they have. I don't have any information to the contrary to support it.    Mr. Becker. Yes, and I think that might have been Dr. Wallach who said--who made one of those points. The--of course the--there is a rash of bought purchasing new equipment right after HAVA passed with a funding model that came through as a result of that. We've already seen some States like our State of Maryland and like Florida go to a second system after using the HAVA dollars.    I think in talking with the States there is a great desire to be able to leverage new technologies that will improve access, as well as the integrity of the systems, that will also be cheaper to maintain and that--I don't have a specific dollar figure. If we were to replace all these systems nationwide, it's definitely in the billions.    But, you know, to build--to encourage systems that are more component-based that use more off-the-shelf components that are easier to swap in and out so that you don't have a system that has a 10-year-old touch screen that you can update the touch screen as--with just the touch screen as it happens, I think that be a huge advantage to election officials. And if they had resources to do that, I think you'd find them doing some really exciting things.    Mr. Becker. I feel like I planted that question with you, and just for the record I--we've never talked about this before.    So the Electronic Registration Information Center, ERIC, is a data center that States voluntarily choose to join, and they share information so that they can identify when a voter record is out of date so they can notify that voter, make sure that voter gets the right information at their new address and also reach out to all the people who are eligible to vote but aren't yet registered and direct them to the easiest way to register. It was founded in 2012 with just seven States, so it's only four years old, and now 20 States plus DC. are in it so I think that's pretty good for a--you know pre-K 4-year-old.    But certainly, you know, we are working very hard with the States that are already in it, including Virginia, who was one of the founding members, to see more States join. And as the word gets out, States like Virginia and Louisiana and many other States are spreading the word that this is helping them keep their voter rolls up to date and, in turn, what that's doing is actually reducing costs and increasing integrity because they're not sending mail out to people who no longer are there.    The Presidential Commission on Election Administration, of course, did recommend that States join systems like ERIC, and that has been a tremendously positive influence. And I think by the time we get to the 2020 election I think we will be at more than 30 States, as I've talked to other States around the country.    Mr. Becker. Yes, I can't speak for every place, but in the places I know of, they actually physically transport the cartridges or the memory devices with the counts that occurred in the precinct to the county office, which is often a frustration for people who are looking for election results because if they hit traffic or something like that, there's going to be a delay in getting those results. And only at that point--and most of these devices or many of them at least have duplicate cartridges as well, so one of them will go to the central count to be incorporated and you can check them.    This is not completely foolproof and this--but it's--the problem that we often see is that voters get frustrated because there's a little bit of a delay in getting it because there's a physical transportation of the memory cartridges.    Mr. Becker. I'll also be diplomatic here. I think if you ask most election officials around the country at the state or local level, most of them will say that the technology they're using, none of them have found the ideal system yet, that they're looking for something new to come around.    Mr. Becker. I don't have an opinion about a particular State. I think the work that's being done in places like Los Angeles County to come up with a system that's based on off-the-shelf components----    Mr. Becker. --that is largely accessible is going to be very instructive to the entire field.