    Chairman Hensarling. The Financial Services Committee will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    This hearing is for the purpose of receiving the annual testimony of the Chair of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC).    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to give an opening statement.    When Democrats first passed the Dodd-Frank Act, they claimed that the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) was one of its crown jewels. FSOC, whose agency heads largely failed in the last crisis, would now be able to clearly identify risks to financial stability and take action before these emerging threats metastasized into another crisis.    But a fatal flaw in this pipe dream was always the failure, perhaps the deliberate refusal, of Dodd-Frank's supporters to recognize that among the greatest threats to financial stability are Washington policies themselves, including policies of the very agency heads who sit on the Council. FSOC simply refuses to look in the mirror.    In its report, it conspicuously omits any references to specific government policies or agencies that are helping to cause the systemic risk it identifies: ``Greater risk-taking across the financial system is encouraged by the historically low-yield environment,'' the Council reports. Yet, the Council refuses to identify the obvious source of this apparent risk, one of its own members, the Federal Reserve, and the Fed's unprecedented loose monetary policy.    The Council warns of reduced liquidity in the capital bond markets, yet never acknowledges that Dodd-Frank's Volcker Rule and other regulations have drastically reduced liquidity.    The Council lists ``risk-taking of large, complex, interconnected financial institutions'' as a threat. Yet, again, it fails to mention that Dodd-Frank amplifies the threat by empowering the Council to designate certain firms as too-big-to-fail, thus enshrining the concept into law.    These designations will only make worse the profound threat ignored by the Council but recently identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond in their ``Bailout Barometer,'' that threat being that hardworking taxpayers, implicitly or explicitly, are now on the hook for a staggering 60 percent of the liabilities of the entire U.S. financial system.    The Council turns a blind eye to other serious threats. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, at the epicenter of the last crisis, barely receive a mention.    And it gets worse. Our unsustainable national debt, $18 trillion and counting, as all can see, perhaps one of the greatest existential threats that we face, with more debt incurred under this Administration than in our Nation's first 200 years, is totally ignored. This is beyond negligent. It is beyond egregious. It is dangerous and, frankly, it is offensive.    Another glaring omission from the report is any meaningful reference to economic growth or, rather, the lack of it. Along with Obamacare, Dodd-Frank is at the center of the Administration's economic policies. As we approach Dodd-Frank's fifth anniversary, we see the slowest, weakest recovery in the post-war era.    We see an economic recovery that has created 12.1 million fewer jobs and has provided $6,175 less income for every citizen compared to the average post-war recovery. Again, compared to the average, we see an economic recovery that has left 1.6 million of our fellow citizens mired in poverty, and working middle-income families losing over $11,000 in annual income that rightfully should have been theirs.    I find it stunning that in its report FSOC can find a link between weak economic growth in Greece and stability in the eurozone but apparently can find no link between economic growth and stability on this side of the Atlantic.    Also nowhere to be found in the Council's report is the threat posed to our stability, growth, and personal freedoms by the erosion of the rule of law under this Administration. We know that our President seemingly never tires of admonishing us that he has a pen and a phone ready to enact whatever policy he sees fit. Regrettably, he never seems to have handy a copy of the Constitution.    As Americans become less governed by the rule of law and more governed by the whims of Washington, fear, doubt, uncertainty, and pessimism are sown. It is not lost on the American people that increasingly, Washington decides what credit cards can go in their wallets, what kind of home mortgages they can receive, and whether, if they like their bank account, they can keep it.    Truly, never before in my lifetime has more unchecked, unbridled discretionary power been given to the unaccountable and unelected. This includes the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which operates largely out of public view, yet its decisions have the potential to profoundly alter the lives and livelihoods of every American. FSOC typifies not only the shadow regulatory system but also the unfair Washington system that Americans have come to loathe--powerful government administrators, secretive government meeting, arbitrary rules, and unchecked power to punish or reward.    Mr. Secretary, your Council and the rest of Washington need to awaken to the obvious truth, and that is, when it comes to systemic risk, Washington is a large part of the problem.    I now recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome back, Secretary Lew.    Today, we receive the annual report of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, as required by law.    As we all know, this year marks the fifth anniversary of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. It is hard to believe it was just 5 years ago that we were coming to grips with the magnitude of the financial crisis, which caused the greatest loss of wealth in a generation. All told, the financial crisis cost our Nation more than $13 trillion in economic growth and $16 trillion in household wealth, not to mention the devastation of an unemployment rate topping 10 percent in many States.    In the lead-up to the crisis, nobody in the private sector or in government was looking at the stability of our financial system as a whole. Nobody was looking at the big picture. And nobody had the responsibility to deal with emerging threats before they caused damage to our economy.    That is why we created the Financial Stability Oversight Council as part of Dodd-Frank. FSOC filled that void, looking at every aspect of our financial system for possible weaknesses. And it serves as an advance warning system to identify and address systemic risk posed by large, complex companies, products, and activities before they threaten the economy.    The Council has ensured for the first time that our financial regulators are working collaboratively to identify and respond to emerging threats to financial stability. And with their February announcement outlining enhanced engagement and opportunities for public input, they have doubled their efforts to engage with the industry and Congress in a transparent manner.    In its 2015 annual report, the FSOC noted substantial progress to protect Americans from another crisis. And, indeed, we have taken important steps to prevent another economic disaster from happening, including making our large banks more resilient through stronger capital, leverage, and liquidity standards; covering oversight gaps in our financial system by designating complex, interconnected nonbanks for consolidated supervision; and reforming key markets like asset-backed securities and money market mutual funds.    However, 5 years after Dodd-Frank became law, my Republican colleagues remain fighting the battles of the past. They continue to believe that if only we rolled back all of the rules of the road, the financial system would magically unlock growth and the market would suddenly police itself.    And they continue to ignore the lessons of the last crisis by doing all they can to undermine FSOC under the guise of oversight. By focusing merely on dismantling Dodd-Frank, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle impede Congress' ability to focus on the new emerging threats to financial stability identified in FSOC's 2015 annual report.    Like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), destroying FSOC has become a leading component of the Republican deregulatory agenda. And while they waste countless hours working to undermine it, engines of job growth and American competitiveness like the Export-Import Bank face a possible shutdown in just 5 legislative days. Rather than renew a proven job creator like the Ex-Im Bank, Republicans are spending their time bogging the FSOC down in countless document requests and inquiries--an obvious effort to undercut its ability to protect homeowners, consumers, and the American economy.    So welcome, Secretary Lew, and thank you for your resilience in the face of efforts to stop the Council from its important work. I look forward to your insight on areas of systemic risk the Council has identified and hope to learn more about what FSOC is currently doing to monitor for such risk and promote financial stability.    As we hear additional details from you, I will be interested to hear whether Republicans believe FSOC should take any action to address systemic risk or simply wait for another crisis.    So I thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back.    Today, we welcome the testimony of the Honorable Jacob J. Lew, Secretary of the Treasury. Secretary Lew has testified before our committee on previous occasions, so I feel he needs no further introduction.    Welcome, Mr. Secretary. We are happy to have you back.    Without objection, your written statement will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Secretary, you are now recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    The Chair now yields himself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Secretary, I alluded to it in my opening statement, but by chance are you familiar with the ``Bailout Barometer'' report of the Richmond Fed? Are you familiar with this report?    Chairman Hensarling. I'm sorry?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. So you have reviewed the document. You are familiar with--    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. So you are familiar with the fact that it indicates that there has been a 61-percent increase in the explicit Federal guarantees in our financial system since the crisis. Is that correct?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. Do you have any reason to challenge that analysis? Has FSOC come up with a contrary analysis?    Chairman Hensarling. No, I am just asking, Mr. Secretary, has the Council--    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. That is--    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. Well, let me quote from the report. There is $26 trillion, according to the Richmond Fed, in explicit and implicit Federal backstop today. One of the final conclusions of the report is that, ``It is essential to restoring market discipline and achieving financial stability to shrink this Federal safety net.''    Do you agree or disagree with their conclusion?    Chairman Hensarling. How about their conclusion? Do you believe, independent of their report, that it is important to achieving financial stability to shrink the size of the government Federal safety net?    Chairman Hensarling. In our financial markets, is it important or not important?    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Secretary, I would be happy to let you have some context, but I would like for the question to be answered. It is a fairly simple--    Chairman Hensarling. --question. Do you believe that for the sake of financial stability, the extent of the Federal safety net in our financial markets should be shrunk?    Chairman Hensarling. So can I take your answer as ``yes?''    Chairman Hensarling. You don't have it to look at the report, Mr. Secretary. I am just asking you about a conclusion.    Chairman Hensarling. I don't sense I am going to get an answer. Let me move on, Mr. Secretary.    Chairman Hensarling. I think you have had plenty of time to answer the question, Mr. Secretary--    Chairman Hensarling. --and you haven't.    Under Dodd-Frank, FSOC is comprised of agency heads as opposed to the agencies themselves, correct? We can both agree on that?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. And we can also agree that of the 10 voting members of FSOC, each was appointed by President Obama, correct?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. I alluded to it again in my opening statement. I have read excerpts of this report. I have not read the entirety of the 150-page report. Have you read the entire report?    Chairman Hensarling. Good. My staff read the entirety of the report; I have read many excerpts. So, in identifying emerging threats to financial stability, can you point to any page in the report where FSOC identifies a current Federal policy or rule as a contributing factor to an emerging threat? Because we can't find it.    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. But under Dodd-Frank, you also have the mandate to actually make recommendations. So how do you make a recommendation if you can't cite a source?    Chairman Hensarling. The last time you were here, Mr. Secretary, there was increasing evidence that we are suffering great illiquidity in our corporate bond market. You admitted that. This report cites it. We know that when mid-market companies hoard cash, they can't promote jobs and economic growth. Many economists believe this will be the source of the next financial crisis.    Somehow, the FINRA head can connect this bond illiquidity to the Volcker Rule. SEC Commissioner Dan Gallagher has said that the Volcker Rule has set the stage for a potentially dire liquidity crisis. There has been similar testimony from CFTC Commissioner Giancarlo. Even former Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers has said, ``There is a danger in their enthusiasm for keeping each individual institution safe that regulatory authorities will lose sight of keeping markets open and liquid, and I think that is a legitimate concern.''    So, in your last testimony, you found no evidence that the Volcker Rule contributed to the bond illiquidity. We have incredible evidence that it has contributed. Do you still stand by your previous testimony that there is no connection to bond illiquidity in the Volcker Rule?    Chairman Hensarling. I said a contributing factor, Mr. Secretary. Is it a contributing factor?    Chairman Hensarling. Starting out with, is it a contributing factor? Or is it not a contributing factor?    Chairman Hensarling. I understand that, Mr. Secretary.    My time has expired. I now--    Ms. Waters. Mr. Chairman? I will yield time to the gentleman.    Chairman Hensarling. I would be happy to have the Secretary answer the question.    Please. The Secretary is recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. I understand all that, Mr. Secretary.    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Secretary, I did not say it was a single thing. I asked you the question, was the Volcker Rule a contributing factor, and several minutes later you have still refused to answer the question.    Chairman Hensarling. My only takeaway is that you don't see it as a contributing factor, and so many other market--    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    Chairman Hensarling. You could have fooled me, Mr. Secretary.    I now recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    And, Members on this side of the aisle, would you please allow the Secretary to answer questions and give him the courtesy of not badgering him. This is complicated subject matter that we are dealing with, and he deserves the right to be able to respond in the time that it takes.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano.    Chairman Hensarling. It goes to the general Treasury. So, basically, homeowners who have a mortgage--    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Fitzpatrick, chairman of our Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Wagner.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Lucas.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, ranking member of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Wisconsin, Ms. Moore, ranking member of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlemen from Tennessee, Mr. Fincher.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Delaney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair wishes to alert Members that in order to accommodate the Secretary's schedule, we anticipate clearing three more Members in the queue. Presently, that would be Mr. Stivers, Mr. Pittenger, and Mr. Barr, depending on whether or not somebody else walks in on the Democratic side.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers, is now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    Our last questioner will be the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr. He is now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Although there are other Members in the queue, they will not be recognized today.    I would like to thank Secretary Lew for his testimony.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place his responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    Mr. Secretary, we would ask that your office respond as promptly as you are able. And I mean this most respectfully and sincerely: We would ask that Treasury cease the response dump at midnight before your appearances. That is a sincere request to you, sir.    With that, this hearing stands adjourned.