    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, having been a former journalist myself and know about the way our journalist profession works in the United States, and I have been very interested in your analysis that truth is the way that we should fight this threat and I agree with that.    I would hope that we are honest enough with one another to realize that we have major flaws in our dissemination of facts and information in the United States as well.    So the truth may well be what we have heard today in the testimony, that Russia is engaged in a major effort to basically support its own policies and promote changes and effects on other populations that further the interests of Russia.    I would be surprised if that wasn't the case. Let me just note that so I can accept everything that was said here I would have preferred, Mr. Chairman, that we had at least one other person to balance out this in a way that perhaps could have compared our system to the Russian system and to find out where that truth is, just how bad that is.    There are, by the way, I am convinced there are people here in the United States who want us to have the same status toward Russia today as we had during the Cold War and they still believe that this--we should be in a Cold War status and that Russia is today the same as it was under communism and that Putin is Brezhnev, if not Hitler.    And I don't believe that necessarily those people who are promoting that concept are any more accurate than the Russians that you are now talking about presenting their concepts.    You know, I--frankly, I think there is a little bit of fanaticism on both sides that don't hear both sides and if we are going to have peace in this world we have got to be disciplined ourselves in searching for that truth.    And I just say that when I was a newsman I remember covering stories and I don't want to be too--I won't name the exact publications but I know major publications that would not cover a story that made us Republicans look good and all the journalists who worked for some very strong newspapers in southern California were just basically propaganda for the liberal left position in our political spectrum.    And I saw that and, yeah, so we have bias here and they have bias there and let us find out what the truth is and I would have preferred, as I say, Mr. Chairman, would have had at least someone to talk about that, to give us that type of analysis.    But I am very happy that we have this information being presented to us today. Let me just ask this about, you know, the stories. What caused you to leave RT? RT is, obviously, a Russian propaganda outlet. I mean, obviously, it is.    I mean, we would expect it to be, and we have private--that is why we have private media in the United States so we don't have our Government setting a policy for what the information will flow.    But I will have to say that in terms of this whole conflict in Ukraine, when I--almost everybody I know no one ever starts the scenario about what was going on in Ukraine with the violent overthrow of an elected President. They always started with the scenario where Russian troops came in.    I happen to oppose any idea that Russian troops should ever have been introduced in that country but I also recognize that a democratically-elected President was violently overthrown in order to achieve certain political objectives in that country.    And so I would hope that we search for the truth and that we understand that all of the horrible things that you are talking about today and the direction of the Russian Government out to get--make sure its interests are being taken care of by propaganda offensive, we understand that.    But that we have the discipline to be honest and seek the truth ourselves and not just fall into this Hitler--Putin is Hitler and this is--and Russia hasn't changed since the Cold War.    We don't need another Cold War. We don't need to be--to take such belligerent stands and I will tell you I find that belligerence on both sides of this fight.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Sure.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Truth--your point is taken.