    Ms. Meng. Good morning. I want to thank our Chairman Curbelo and his team for putting together such an important hearing. As a member from New York State, with, I am sure, a high consumption of citrus products, I am very excited to learn more about how the Federal Government can be of help towards our small businesses.    Agricultural remains a critical part in our Nation's economy, supporting more than 16 million jobs nationwide. American farmers are the best at what they do when given the opportunity to compete on an even playing field. However, the challenges farmers face are not limited to factors under their control. Unpredictable weather conditions and stubborn pests and disease wreak significant impacts on our producers' bottom line.    Many parts of the country are still suffering from persistent drought conditions. Pests and diseases are continuing to pose significant threats to plants and their respective industries, as we are witnessing with citrus greening. However, investments in agriculture research help mitigate these impacts, both environmentally and economically, and prepare producers for future adverse conditions. While the United States may not be the world's largest procedure of citrus, it plays a substantial role in producing citrus products sold domestically and abroad. Citrus exports in 2012 alone totaled over $1 billion, and the value of the 2013 to 2014 crop was estimated to be nearly $3.5 billion, proving the importance the industry plays in creating jobs and growing our Nation's economy.    But U.S. orange production forecast is down slightly due to projected production declines in Florida and California. This trend is largely due to citrus greening, a devastating disease caused by the Asian Citrus Psyllid. To date, there is no permanent solution to this horrible infestation that is slowly spreading across America's citrus groves. The entire citrus industry has taken a major blow since the disease was first identified. It has caused a loss of millions of boxes of oranges and thousands of acres of abandoned and tainted groves.    Citrus greening has taken a particularly hard toll on small citrus operations as they are more sensitive to the costs of the infestation. Such costs can include pesticides, quarantines, fertilizers, and replanting of trees. To make matters worse, those hardworking farmers face other challenges corresponding with citrus greening; droughts, freezes, hurricanes, port labor disputes, and other citrus pests.    The barriers to operating their business have become so cumbersome and financially burdensome that many smaller operations are questioning the future of the citrus industry. In fact, some smaller operations are struggling with the decision to keep hope alive for the citrus operations or throwing in the towel and planting new crops or selling land to developers. These decisions are troubling to many besides just the growers, as the industry supports jobs in the packing, trade, and grocery sectors. Because citrus operations generate jobs not only for themselves but for different sectors of economy, addressing the challenges facing this industry will not only keep America producing jobs, but it will also continue to create jobs and gross domestic products in the future.    Today's hearing will give us the opportunity to learn more about the citrus industry in general, and what the future holds for them as we combat pests, disease, and climate issues. Though this issue is one concerning many stakeholders from local counties to numerous Federal agencies, we must hear from the small businesses on the front line of the issue. And today, we will do just that in hopes of finding ways to assist them in preserving the future of a quintessential fruit and breakfast drink. We are here today to learn more about what the Federal Government is doing to assist your small citrus businesses and what more is required. In order to ensure the success of our self-employed, we must understand the challenges facing this industry.    I thank all the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to your comments.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. Meng. It is my pleasure to introduce Dr. Michael Rogers, the interim center director and associate professor of entomology and nematology at the University of Florida's Citrus Research and Education Center. He is a preeminent scholar on citrus integrated pest management. He received his Ph.D. in entomology from the University of Kentucky, and his B.S. from Auburn University.    Welcome, Dr. Rogers.    Ms. Meng. This question is for anyone on the panel. As you know, the SBA size standard for a small farm is $750,000 in annual receipts, which can vary significantly between the type of farm, and even year based on inflation. These definitions are important because small businesses have additional resources allotted to help them succeed, and if a farm is not considered to be a small business but operates as one, that can significantly impact its ability to succeed.    How does this definition help or hurt your industry, and is the current size standard an accurate reflection of the industry? Or if you had to create your own size standard, what would it be based on? Employees? Acreage? Receipts?    Ms. Meng. Is there a better standard or measure that you think the Federal Government should use to more accurately reflect what determines a farm to be a small business or not?    Ms. Meng. Thank you. Where do each of you see your industry in the next decade or so, especially considering the numerous challenges you face? What is the most pressing issue for small citrus operations, and what is the best way for us to assist your industry? For example, increased funding? Amending regulations? Trade policy? Tax breaks? What is your wish list?    Ms. Meng. Thank you.    Ms. Meng. Emerging scientific consensuses hold that genetic engineering is required to defeat citrus greening as they can find no other way to combat it. They make the argument that most crops have been genetically modified in some way to reap the most desired fruit, vegetable, or green. In fact, many popular types of apples fit in this category.    What are you hearing from small citrus growers as to their openness to this approach, and have you conducted any consumer research into this particular solution? And, Dr. Rogers, maybe what are some of the pros and cons of these methods?    Ms. Meng. The pros and cons and what consumers may----    Ms. Meng. Okay. Thank you.    I yield back.