    Admiral GAY. Thank you, Chairman Hardy and Ranking Member Adams for providing me this opportunity to comment on how the Office of the National Ombudsman can and does help improve the regulatory environment for America's small businesses. I look forward to working with this Committee to improve the regulatory enforcement environment for our Nation's 28 million small businesses.    I am also excited that Darryl L. DePriest is now on board as the Chief Counsel for Advocacy. I meet with Mr. DePriest weekly to discuss synergies our offices execute to ensure a fair regulatory environment. We both agree that a strong working relationship with frequent communication and collaboration is critical to the SBA's mission of counseling and protecting America's small businesses against unnecessary regulatory burdens. Now, while the Office of Advocacy is responsible for ensuring fairness in implementation stages of Federal regulations, the Office of the National Ombudsman, or ONO, works to ensure regulations are being fairly enforced once they are enacted. Pursuant to the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement and Fairness Act, or SBREFA Act of 1996, this office was created to serve as a powerful voice for America's small businesses. In fulfilling this role, we conduct public hearings, outreach events, and roundtables in each of SBA's 10 regions, where we provide small businesses with forums where they can voice their concerns and comments about regulatory enforcement actions without fear of retaliation. We work with and encourage regulators to address entrepreneurs' comments and concerns promptly and, wherever possible, to opt for compliance assistance and education rather than moving directly to levying fines and penalties.    Additionally, we rate Federal agencies on the timeliness and the quality of their responses in our annual report to Congress. Our office also facilitates Regulatory Fairness Boards, as you talked about earlier, ma'am, or RegFair Boards in each of the SBA regions. Each board consists of five small-business owners who serve as the eyes and ears for small businesses in their communities, States, and regions. They work with local business and regional business offices, addressing any concerns with regulatory enforcement issues. Now, those reg boards are very vital assets, and they continue to be advocates for our efforts. In addition to receiving comments regarding regulatory fairness, our ONO office also receives comments in other issues, such as contracting, access to capital, loan policy and business training, counseling, and other support. During fiscal year 2015, our staff conducted more than 80 outreach events and four regional regulatory fairness hearings. Through the aggressive efforts of our district and regional offices, these roundtables and hearings continue to be very well attended. In my brief 3 months onboard, this office has held one regulatory enforcement fairness hearing, three small-business roundtables, one in Nevada recently and Florida, and several outreach events with small-business owners and entrepreneurs. I have met and established personal relationships with senior leaders at 12 Federal agencies, discussing ways we can better work together to reduce regulatory burdens against small businesses.    During the next 6 months, we plan on conducting several roundtables and hearings, and also hosting our annual meeting with members of the 10 Regional Fairness Boards. It is important to note that all of our hearings, meetings, and partnership programs with small-business stakeholders have been in close collaboration with other Federal agencies. We truly value their critical presence and participation. I provided you a schedule of our activities for fiscal year 2015, as well as the planned events for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2016.    In closing, I would like to state that on behalf of Administrator Contreras-Sweet and the great staff in the Office of the National Ombudsman, we look forward to working with all of our teammates and the Members of Congress to eliminate unnecessary regulatory burdens on small businesses as they continue to fuel America's economic prosperity. I thank you again for the opportunity to appear here today and will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir. Thank you for that question. As in all cases, we receive the comments. And in the comment forms, we ask that the small business state what their issues are, what they want to come out of it, and the impact that that regulation has on their ability to operate. But most importantly, we require them to provide supporting documentation, so we have ample evidence to support their issues.    Once that happens, it comes to my office, and I have two outstanding case management specialists. Our office is four now. We were seven. We are down to four now. And we are working hard to replace those two. But at any rate, once the case management specialist looks over the case, I prepare a letter, signed by myself, to the corresponding entity, stating the issues that were in the comment.    The agency has 30 days or less to provide me a timely and quality response. So when that happens, I in turn review the letter that they have returned back to me, and I usually phone call to the commenter to state what is happening. And then we send that letter back to the commenter.    Admiral GAY. Yes, ma'am. As I stated before, I meet with Darryl weekly, sometimes biweekly, to discuss the systemic issues that I have seen or my case management specialists have seen in dealing with the small businesses' concerns and the comment forms as well. We also participate in roundtables together. As a matter of fact, the recent one that we had out in Las Vegas with Sara Wagner, sir--we had Yvonne Lee, who works under Darryl's Advocacy department, attend those, as well as fairness hearings. I attended a U.S. Air Force contracting summit. And we go toe and toe. We usually attend the same forums and business get-togethers, so we are not duplicative at all. We try to reduce the duplication.    Admiral GAY. Well, give me 2 more months, ma'am, and I can come back and give you my opinion on that.    Admiral GAY. I think right now I think we work together pretty closely. Before Darryl and I got here, the people who were in our individual offices, they know each other. They worked close together. They have a very nurturing relationship. And our job as leaders is to maintain that and make sure we grow that congeniality.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir. As we deal with the Federal contract disputes, that is one of the issues that we see. And that is businesses not receiving prompt payments on contracts. So, yes, sir, we do see that, along with time delays in processing of the contract, and so on and so forth. So we do see some of those that involve late payments.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.    Admiral GAY. Absolutely.    Admiral GAY. First of all, thank you for funding that would allow me to leave the beltway area to get out there. This is an all-hands-on-deck effort. You can't do that while here inside the beltway. And so what that does is allow me to go out and get recommendations from the RegFair Board members, and also Members of Congress as well, on people that are viable candidates to serve on these boards. Another issue is the vetting process. The vetting process, as you may or may not know, is meticulous, and it is prudent. And I think it should be because these candidates are representing the federal government. They are speaking on behalf of the government as well.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir.    Admiral GAY. Yes, sir, I will do that.    Admiral GAY. Well, I understand the statutory requirements, and I will ensure that any new members on my watch will be reviewed by the chairs.    Admiral GAY. Again, ma'am, as a segue or a reverse segue back to the previous question, I think that in my short time onboard, from what I have seen is we have the RegFair Board members are very engaged. They are very, very engaged. And they represent small businesses well there. The challenges that we have right now, again, are getting the vetting process, getting folks through the vetting process and me getting out conducting increased outreach events to identify those viable candidates. You had an earlier comment about diversity of the board. And it is my job, our job to ensure that that board remains diverse. And we are working hard to increase the diversity. But I need to get out and be on the road to make sure that I recruit viable candidates for your approval.    Admiral GAY. Yes, ma'am. I think if you look at our report, you will see that our membership is diverse.    Admiral GAY. Yes, ma'am.    Admiral GAY. Yes, ma'am. As I stated earlier, we were at seven. We are at four now, and that came because someone retired; someone was promoted; someone was transferred. But our boss has given me the right H.R. resources to fill those two positions that need to be filled. And we should have those two positions filled in the next couple of weeks, because I need to get out on the road.