    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Madam Chair. And I thank you and Representative Hinojosa for convening the hearing.    This hearing is actually fairly timely. Just this past Monday one of the largest for-profit college systems in the nation, Corinthian Incorporated, shut its doors, and that was after being hit with a $30 million fine by the Department of Agriculture and--excuse me, Department of Education--and being denied access to student financial assistance because of findings such as misrepresentation to accrediting agencies and students about their placement rates.    When you find such false advertising, it is appropriate for the Department of Education to take action. There were other institutions that may be doing the same things, and we need the Department of Education to take the appropriate action when there are specific findings of misconduct.    Now, we all know that a quality postsecondary education is a proven path to the middle class, and we have heard comments about the need for some education past the high school level in order to participate in today's economy. But the high cost of postsecondary education and the sharp reductions in student aid are making it very difficult for low-income and first-generation students to participate.    Many years ago, when the Pell Grant started, it covered about 75 percent of the cost of attending a 4-year public institution, and you heard people talk about working their way through college. Get a summer job and a part-time job during the year and you have got enough to close the gap and graduate with virtually no loans.    Now the Pell Grant covers about a third of that cost, and even less than that for a private college, and working your way through college, even at 40 hours a week, is problematic without coming out with a debt the size of their parents' mortgages.    So we have to protect the access to college, and also we have to protect the ability of those with financial strains to actually graduate.    Just start off with a couple of questions.    Dr. Perna, you mentioned the financial aid form. Are people actually not filling it out because of the complications?    Mr. Scott. Is that because of the complication of the form?    Mr. Scott. What are your findings about the financial strain as a factor in completing college?    Mr. Scott. And so they drop out?    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    Dr. May, you mentioned the coalition works together to come up with ideas that work. What kind of ideas did they come up with?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Scott.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Dr. Perna, what specific gaps do you see in available research regarding the success of college access programs, and what do you see as the repercussions of these gaps in terms of best serving low-income and first-generation students?