    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Scaparrotti, I wanted to follow up on that area. Given Kim Jong-un's erratic behavior and recent nuclear tests and ballistic missile tests, what capabilities do you need to make sure you can maintain the security of your forces as well as the ROK?    General Scaparrotti. As I said, the most important to me is ISR, because it allows me to be in the proper posture to be able to get ahead of whatever it is he intends to do. And on the Korean Peninsula, I have got a very large conventional force in very close proximity to Seoul. That is one problem set. And then I have their asymmetric problem set, which is primarily their nuclear; their missile; their SOF forces, the largest SOF forces in the world, 60,000 strong; long-range artillery capability; and their cyber. Many of those are deeper into the country, so it is a very difficult ISR challenge, probably one of the toughest in the world, given the terrain, mountainous.    Mr. Rogers. Are your current ISR capabilities adequate?    General Scaparrotti. I need more persistence, sir. That would be very, very helpful. So that is the one I come up. And then the other four in particular that I mentioned earlier are the ones that I most need.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you.    Admiral Harris, can you please explain the advantages of ensuring that U.S. Patriot battalions have modular capability?    Mr. Rogers. Speaking about Aegis, my understanding is the discussion was to take the Aegis Ashore site there in Hawaii and activate it instead of just being a training facility. Now I hear there is discussion of closing it down. What is going on with----    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    Mr. Rogers. Right. We would have to put them in. I agree.    Mr. Rogers. Great. As I read the President's budget, there are four Baseline 9 destroyers that we are losing. Were any of those going to PACOM, and if so, what is the effect of losing those destroyers?    Mr. Rogers. Right.    Mr. Rogers. Right.    Mr. Rogers. What is the benefit of having an Aegis Ashore site in Japan for the U.S. and for Japan?    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. My understanding was it would free up our Aegis ships in the Asian Pacific. Is that not----    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Thank you, Admiral.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Bordallo.