    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Saldana, for all of the work that you do. Public service is often thankless, as you know. While we might have differences, I do appreciate your service.    The President recently said, in a national address, if you are a criminal, you will be deported. Is that really true?    Mr. Russell. But with over 160,000 convicted criminals still at-large in the United States, do you believe that is being held accountable?    Mr. Russell. And of the 2,000 criminals recently apprehended this month, as it was announced, how many had been apprehended by ICE previously?    Mr. Russell. Or by anyone.    Mr. Russell. Of the 2,000 criminals that were apprehended as being on the most dangerous list, how many had been in custody of the United States law enforcement agencies before?    Mr. Russell. It speaks to a problem that if these were the most dangerous and these were at the top of the heap for targeted and we had held them in our custody once before, but we didn't think it important enough to prevent their release.    How many of the 2,000 will be deported?    Mr. Russell. And can you provide confirmation to us of those numbers as they are deported?    Mr. Russell. The last interesting thing, in a recent town hall meeting in Miami, President Obama said that there would be consequences for Border Patrol agents or ICE offices who do not follow the DACA or DAPA policies to remove qualifying illegal aliens from the United States. What are those consequences for Border Patrol agents who remove those illegal aliens?    Mr. Russell. And I understand that, but you work interrelated. What do you think the President would be speaking of there that there would be consequences on agents that are trying, like yourself, to uphold the law?    Mr. Russell. Well, sure. But let me ask you as the director and as a prosecuting attorney and someone who has served the public for a long time, putting criminals behind bars, do you like such restrictions and being told that you can't uphold what you know the rule of law to be?    Mr. Russell. Do you feel that you are being prohibited by the executive?    Mr. Russell. But doesn't it create a little bit of an intimidating environment when you have the chief executive making threats to agents that are trying to uphold the law and, when you have limited resources, changing rules? I mean, you deal with these people. You mentioned them yourself in earlier testimony here of how dangerous these criminals were and the types of offenses that they had done. Knowing your passion for upholding that, how does that make you feel, as a director of an agency so vital to our security, to have what appears to be intimidation Statements being made by the executive?    Mr. Russell. Well, I appreciate that and I understand that people that try to uphold the law can face consequences. I hope those that are illegally here and are breaking the law and are dangerous, as we have heard in testimony, even some losing members of their family to these criminals, I would hope that they would be the ones that would have the consequence.    I yield back my time. Thank you.