    Ms. Elbrock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, for the opportunity to speak to you today. My name is Tricia Elbrock, and I am here on behalf of my family, my neighbors, members of the New Mexico Cattle Growers' Association, and every American that is threatened by the lack of security along our international border with Mexico.    My husband, Edward; my son, William Swift; and I own and operate Elbrock Water Service, Elbrock Drilling, and Elbrock Ranch, where we raise Beefmaster cattle and show lambs for youngsters in our region.    Like most all ranches in southern New Mexico, our ranch contains Federal land. In our case, it is Bureau of Land Management. In 1978, we started our water and drilling companies based in Animas, New Mexico, which serves all southeast Arizona and southern New Mexico, from Tucson to El Paso. Animas is nestled in what is called the Bootheel because of the way the area fits into New Mexico.    You may have heard recently about the kidnapping of one of our employees in December 2015 and, yes, this was a kidnapping, regardless of rumors to the contrary. Our man was working on one of the ranches we service that runs along the Mexican border. The event occurred over 2 days and involved an all-out man hunt before he was freed. The story sounds simple enough with an apparent happy ending, but it is not so. Our man is emotionally and mentally fragile.    Clearly, the border is not secure. Our families and employees are at risk all day, every day. There is a huge emotional toll on everyone because we live in constant fear of our lives, our employees, our communities, and our livestock. The flow of illegal drugs and those running them is endless. U.S. Border Patrol statistics say the traffic across the border is down. That simply is not the case. What we are seeing are drug runners and illegals from all over the world coming in droves across a border that has no deterrent at all. There are thousands of backpacks and boxes coming across daily. The assumption is that they are filled with drugs. The reality is that they could be carrying anything from explosives to nuclear weapons.    It is more costly to do any kind of business in our region. Our insurance was up for renewal in March. We could not find any other company that would even provide us a quote. Living and working near the border, we are labeled high risk. Nearly all of us in this area suffer break-ins almost routinely, with vehicles stolen many times. Many in our area have stopped reporting break-ins and theft to their insurance for fear of not being able to buy insurance at all. If we cannot buy insurance, we will probably have to go out of business. Without insurance, there will be no ranches and businesses to support our towns.    This brings us to an entirely different subject, the inability of our government to protect us brings down the value of our land. If we were to be forced out, we would have to take pennies on the dollar of what our lands are really worth.    Our lands, private, Federal, and state are strewn with litter, trash, human waste, and perhaps even drug drops that were not picked up. One neighbor had 20 head of cattle die last year from reasons that still have not been determined. They were not shot, they were not attacked by predators. There were no unusual plants that could have killed that many in one spot. They seemed to have just fallen over dead. The prime theory is that they ingested illegal drugs.    Our region, from Arizona to Texas, has a wide variety of federally owned lands, ranging from BLM and Forest Service to wildlife refuges and monuments. Many of these Federal designations do not allow for appropriate surveillance. Mountains near us have been burned to the ground due to fires started by illegals. Federal land use regulations need an overhaul to address the specific and special needs of the borderlands. Law enforcement agencies and the Border Patrol need access to every inch of Federal lands to be able to protect our families and communities.    The agents are operating with at least one hand tied behind their backs. Instead of securing the border at the border, they are directed to patrol from 20 to 60 miles north of there. Those of us south of that arbitrary line are literally left in No Man's Land. The Border Patrol needs access to the border, which is often denied on borderlands.    We saw a 26 percent increase in our Federal land grazing fees this year and last. Our state land grazing fees went up by 21 percent last year and 25 percent this year. These formula-driven fees do not take into account the additional cost of doing business in our area.    In March, more than 600 people gathered in my small town of Animas, New Mexico, to plead to elected officials from Congress all the way down to county commissions and sheriffs to spend--I invited them, and I invite all of you--a few days with us to see firsthand what we deal with every day, from murder, to kidnapping, and property destruction. Come see what we put up with in our backyards. Would you all like that activity in your backyard? What other area of our Nation is sacrificed in this way?    We are in a war with drug lords and an invasion from countries from around the world, friend and foe. It is time to address this war and invasion with our troops. This is the United States of America. We are American citizens. We should not be forced to live this way. The Bootheel is no less America, and the people are no less American, than anywhere else. Is it fair for our community to be providing food for the Nation while being left to fend for ourselves from smugglers and invaders?    I thank you for this time and attention, and I will stand for questions.