    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you, sir, for being here.    I have a couple observations and I want to spend most of my time talking about China.    When I visited with Admiral Harris at Pacific Command I asked him this question--of these five entities--Russia, China, North Korea, ISIS, and Iran--I think those are threats to the United States--which of those five do you think is the most troubling at this point? And he responded North Korea. Would you agree with that assessment or not? I just need a yes or no.    Mr. Poe. Okay. I want to talk about China. China--they have 1 billion more people than we do in the United States. I think some Americans don't realize how populated China is. And some facts about China--they are the number-one recipient of poached ivory from Africa. The elephants are dying off. They're being killed in Africa and the number-one recipient is China.    They are thieves. They steal our intellectual property. Cyber attacks--I believe they're responsible for those. They're bullying Asia, trying to make new sovereign territory in the South China Sea and then claim the area around it. They're helping Pakistan with intercontinental ballistic missiles.    And then you get to human rights--they're the worst offender I think in the world. They persecute Christians and other religious minorities and then they have this practice of putting people they don't like, like the Falun Gong, in prison and charging them with trumped up political crimes and then harvesting their body organs and selling those on the marketplace. That's probably the worst type of crime in the world, in my opinion.    And, of course, we don't say this anymore because it is not the right thing to say but they are still a Communist nation and I think that is who we are dealing with. And we talk about pivoting to China and whether they're a threat and what we are doing about it and you talked about how we are increasing and focusing militarily.    Let me just show you a few posters here. Here--I don't know if you can see this or not. I know you can't probably see that behind all this is China in the South China Sea and the Philippines. In 1999, this is the relative strength of China in the red and the United States in the blue. It's about equal.    Let's go to the year 2015. This is the Chinese buildup with ships, submarines, and planes and the United States' military strength in the area in 2015--I got this from Pacific Command--is about the same.    And Pacific Command expects that in 2020--if I can get the poster--it is going to look like this--that China will have all of these planes, intercontinental ballistic missiles, ships, submarines, and the United States' strength in the area is still going to be just about the same.    Without going into the details of how much of everything, do you agree that that is what is occurring in south China?    Mr. Poe. That's right. I don't even include the number of military soldiers and sailors and airmen in these poster.    Mr. Poe. Let me----    Mr. Poe. So what is our response? That's my question.    Mr. Poe. What is our response? I am limited on time. What's our response?    Mr. Poe. This is taking place. What is the U.S. response to this, if anything? That's all I am asking you.    Mr. Poe. But this is our presence in the area over here.    Mr. Poe. So you're saying that even though this is our presence in the area--the theater, I think, is the word--that it really doesn't alarm you because we are building up our capacity in the future?    Mr. Poe. Okay. If I may have one question, and go back to North Korea, the biggest threat supposedly in the area. North Korean intercontinental ballistic missile capability--they're developing the concept not land to land--not sending something from North Korea over to Texas--their idea is build submarines and put intercontinental ballistic missiles on the subs and then float them around the Pacific and be the threat that we are. Is that a fair statement of what the North Koreans are trying to do?    Mr. Poe. All right. Thank you, Madam Chair. I appreciate getting this time.