    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. This is a very important hearing. I do have an engagement that I will yield a couple of minutes for the importance of this hearing. And I thank you so very much for your courtesies. I would like to have a very brief moment to make a brief statement about this hearing and put the rest of my statement into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I want to thank you for this stated commitment to the criminal justice reform and the idea of moving hearings forward and legislation forward.    I welcome this distinguished panel, and particularly their thoughts on the role that rapid DNA can play in aiding sexual assault victims and individuals who've been wrongly convicted. I've worked on this issue, and in fact have legislation that we hope will be modified enough to join this particular bill.    Finally, my great State of Texas recognized this massive problem and passed legislation requiring law enforcement agencies to test all untested rape kits in their storage facilities. I've worked with the city of Houston and encouraged the city of Houston, one, to invest in a new DNA lab, and as well be concerned about these issues.    I'd like to ask unanimous consent for the rest of the statement to be put into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you. In the second that I have, I would like to indicate that we all have been overwhelmed by the horrific tragedy of persons being killed in their house of worship. I was moved to tears late last evening and continue to be, as I'm well aware of the African Methodist Episcopal Church. We pray for their families, and at this time we pray for the solution and we pray for the fact that we all can live in this great Nation in peace and recognition of each other's human dignity.    I'm going to take a moment and would ask for a moment of silence for those who were lost in South Carolina.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your courtesies.    And to the witnesses, let me thank you. I think this is powerful testimony for the importance of what we're trying to do.    And, Ms. Alexenko, let me thank you for being a friend in your time of need, and that is very important because there are so many that have the needs that you're expressing, but they cannot come. So let me thank you very much.    Let me quickly go to Ms. Hess. And I want to put into the record again, as of 2013, Texas officials estimated there to be 20,000 untested kits statewide. Out of the 20,000 untested kits, 6,663 were in the greater Houston area. We got a $4.4 million Federal grant that I worked with the city to get, and now, as of February of this year, Houston completed testing all 6,663. I venture to say many had been sitting there for a long time.    So I want to go to Ms. Hess. As I understand the legislation, it is to integrate this Rapid DNA testing into the system to possibly allow that technology to be used overall so that labs can spend their time moving forward on the violent murders and the rapes and other elements. Does that fit partly, in your understanding?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me just, with the Rapid DNA technology, you're saying you're focusing on arrest situations. Is that what I understand?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And that's what's I'm saying. You're focusing on arrests and other needs for DNA. The lab then can move forward on testing these rape kits and murder, and that's what I'm trying to understand from you. Is that my understanding?    Ms. Jackson Lee. That's what I was trying to clarify for this bill. And just one last thing. The FBI Quality Assurance, you believe that you could have that quality assurance for this new technology?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Under this Rapid DNA testing, you could have in place those quality standards?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much. Let me finish my last two questions.    Let me go to Ms. Alexenko. What should be the goal in terms of the time for analyzing sexual assault kits? What more can we do? Nine and a half years, it's unspeakable. But what should we be looking to?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I'm with you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. We listen to you very keenly.    Ms. Wolf, let me thank you for your expertise. And so this is just a simple question. You gave us the hours, but I just want to hear from you as a professional that if time could be spent on the violent, the sexual predators, and others, and this system can work, would you as a lab professional be willing to have that system in place?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you very much. You have given us factual information. We know that it would help in many instances. The way your lab is framed, it would continue to do its work as it is, but it could help in other areas. Is that my understanding of your statement?    Ms. Jackson Lee. With that, Mr. Chairman, thank you so very much to the witnesses. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, would you yield for a moment. I just want to put a sentence on the record.    I have been working on a bill dealing with the DNA focusing of those who perpetrate violent acts against children, and I hope that we will continue in a discussion with Mr. Sensenbrenner, with this Judiciary Committee. This may be a vehicle where we can combine some of that interest, because there's some data talking about how many times a day a child is sexually violated and/or subjected to a violent crime.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.