    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order, and let me express my apologies for the lateness in starting. We did have a series of votes. Who could ever anticipate or predict?    So, again, I want to say how unfortunate it is for that almost hour-long delay. But thank you for your patience.    I would like to welcome all of you to our fourth oversight hearing this year on implementation of the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction and Prevention and Return Act.    The Goldman Act empowers the executive branch with powerful new tools and a myriad of ways to successfully resolve parental child abduction cases.    Like any law, however, it is only good as its implementation. Historically, some 750 to 1,000 American children are unlawfully removed from their homes each year by one of their parents and taken across international borders.    International parental child abduction rips children from their homes and takes them away to a foreign land, alienating them from the love and care of the parent and family left behind.    Child abduction is child abuse. Its negative impact on the child and left-behind families can last for years, even a lifetime.    Two of our witnesses today, like many in this hearing room and around the country know first hand the trauma, the tears, the excruciating pain and the longing and heartbreak of a parental child abduction.    David Goldman's son, Sean, was abducted to Brazil and unlawfully retained for approximately 5\1/2\ years. Mr. Goldman tenaciously pursued every legal means of return including expert legal counsel in his quest to bring Sean home. Today, father and son are thriving and we will hear from them in Panel Two.    Captain Paul Toland continues his heroic 12-year quest to bring his 13-year-old daughter, Erika, home from Japan. Captain Toland refuses to quit or to be deterred, despite years of frustration and setbacks. Such is this father's incredible love for his precious daughter.    Our first hope, of course, is to prevent or at least mitigate the number of child abductions and the State Department is to be commended for implementing a provision of the Goldman Act and for taking other efforts as well including the one that adds children that a judge has determined to be at risk of abduction to a no-fly list.    In 2014, we saw a decrease in the number of new abductions--150, as a matter of fact, fewer cases than the previous year--and I want to do a shout out to Rush Marburg on the prevention side who has done a magnificent job in this endeavor.    But I am, frankly, concerned that the State Department has chosen not to impose any sanctions on any of those nations found to have engaged in a ``pattern of noncompliance.''    The Goldman Act, however, requires the State Department action under individual cases that have been pending for more than a year if the foreign government has not been taking adequate steps to resolve the case.    The Goldman Act also requires action when collectively a country has a high number of cases--30 percent or more--that have been unresolved for over a year or if the government is failing in their duties under the Hague Convention or other bilateral agreements or if their law enforcement fails to enforce, return or access orders.    The Goldman Act not only shines a light on a country's record through annual designation of countries showing a pattern of noncompliance, it holds countries accountable and hopefully incentivizes systemic reform.    Actions, as we know, from the law escalate in severity and range from official protests through diplomatic channels to public condemnation to extradition to suspension of development, security or other foreign assistance.    The Goldman Act was designed to raise the stakes on the foreign countries in action or obstruction and move that country to end the nightmare of child abduction.    In July, we received the State Department's first annual report on abduction and access resolution rates around the world. The annual report had some major gaps and misleading information, some of which were corrected by the supplemental data posted by the State Department in August.    Tragically, in contravention of both the spirit and letter of the Goldman Act, the State Department failed to list Japan with more than 50 abduction cases among the 22 countries showing a pattern of noncompliance and therefore eligible for Goldman Act sanctions.    This glaring omission, which can still be corrected today, sent the unfortunate signal that pre-Hague Japan cases were not a top priority.    Cases like that of Sgt. Michael Elias, who has testified here--he is a New Jerseyan who has been denied any contact with his two children, Jade and Michael, after they were abducted to Japan in 2008.    In September, the State Department sent to Congress its first 90-day report on actions it took to bring the 22 countries most--to the resolution table.    Those actions including the marches, judicial rulings--meetings, I should say--and education efforts and meetings, all of which are necessary and of real value. Noticeably absent was the imposition of any number of meaningful sanctions, again, prescribed by the Goldman Act.    I respectfully submit that this was a missed opportunity to convey to a pattern of noncompliant nations that the United States is absolutely serious about resolving parental abduction.    The imposition of sanctions says we mean business and I would note parenthetically that sanctions, and I have done this in other laws that I have written including the Trafficking Victims Protection Act but also our Civil Rights Act, Title 9, which has made all the difference in the world in women's sports, always carried a penalty phase and that certainly got the attention of universities and colleges throughout the country that the Federal Government was not kidding and wanted changes in how these universities did business.    Notwithstanding Section 103 of the Goldman Act, the report makes no mention of MOUs or bilateral agreements to resolve cases including and especially cases that existed prior to Japan's ratification of the Hague.    I and many others have raised this concern for several years. I actually did a trip to Japan with Michael Elias' mother, the children's grandmother, and said if we don't get that right they will be twice left behind because they were less likely to find themselves a resolution to their cases because, of course, the Hague Convention is from the date of ratification onward. It does not have a look back provision.    The report details the State Department's effort to persuade India to ratify the Hague Convention, a step that if not combined with an MOU to resolve current abduction cases which number about 75 today risks duplicating the extraordinary misery endured by left-behind parents after Japan ratified the Hague.    If India ratified the Hague it will, like Japan, grandfather preexisting cases out of the convention resolution process.    I would note the Bindu Phillips, who has been here, and she too has testified--mother of Albert and Alfred--has struggled with her ex-husband in Indian courts for the return of her sons for nearly 9 years--9 years--and every time she thinks she may be on the verge of a win in court, obviously, there is always, like in David Goldman's case another appeal to bleed her dry financially and to make it difficult to ever get her sons back. Ravi Parmar has been fighting for his son's return for 3 years.    Section 201 of the Goldman Act also requires the State Department to conduct a review of individual cases pending 12 months or more to discern whether the foreign government has taken adequate steps to resolve the case or whether actions are warranted.    This individual case trigger for actions, as opposed to the pattern of noncompliance country trigger, despite a half dozen congressional letters from various Members of Congress asking for Section 201 reviews of egregious cases the State, to my knowledge, has not done a single review and perhaps, Ambassador Bond, you can enlighten us on that.    I am encouraged by a press statement issued today by Secretary of State John Kerry in which he says clearly that he is looking to use all of the tools that have been prescribed by the Goldman Act as the beginnings of the next report take place and he said, you know, in his press release--and I do have it--he says in his press release, and I think it is a very important point that there can be no safe haven for abductors.    The State Department, Secretary Kerry says, will continue to use all the tools available to us to help those involved in international parental child abduction cases to resolve their disputes and move forward with their lives. So that is a very encouraging note.    Now I would like to introduce Secretary Bond, first, with a very brief introduction and without objection your full resume will be made a part of the record.    Ambassador Michele Bond serves as Assistant Secretary for Consular Affairs at the State Department. As Assistant Secretary, Ambassador Bond leads a team of 13,000 consular professionals in almost 300 locations across the U.S. and around the world who protect the lives and interests of U.S. citizens abroad, facilitate legitimate international travel and helps protect our nation's borders.    A career member of the senior Foreign Service, Ambassador Bond has more than 38 years of diplomatic experience in Europe, Africa and Latin America including having served as U.S. Ambassador to Lesotho.    Ambassador Bond, the floor is yours.    Ambassador Bond. Thank you.    Chairman Smith, thank you for this opportunity to discuss international parental child abduction. This is one of the highest priorities to the Bureau of Consular Affairs and the Department of State.    As Secretary Kerry noted in his statement on child abduction yesterday and as you have pointed out, the department will continue to use all the tools available to us to help those involved and to resolve their disputes and move forward with their lives.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for your leadership on this issue. You have heard the testimony of my colleagues, Ambassador Jacobs, Deputy Assistant Secretary Christensen and Director Hand in previous hearings.    You know that I lead a talented team of experienced professionals who work tirelessly to prevent abductions and bring children back home.    My testimony today will summarize my written statement which I request be entered into the congressional record.    The Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act of 2014 has given us additional leverage to resolve these cases. We have already put these additional tools to good use.    We are proud of our contribution to the 247 returns in 2015 and about 140 prevented abductions in 2015, and we recognize and accept the challenge of the 1,100 cases that remain open, some for many years.    Mr. Chairman, many actions take place every day to prevent or resolve these heart-wrenching cases. Since implementation of the law, more than 140 children have been protected from removal from the United States.    The law also provides the mechanism to streamline interagency efforts and we are fortunate to receive crucial assistance from our interagency partners.    We share your goals of preventing abduction, ensuring the expeditious return of children to their homes and strengthening and expanding the Hague Abduction Convention.    Let me briefly explain the role of the Office of Children's Issues within the greater context of how the Bureau of Consular Affairs advances U.S. foreign policy.    The Office of Children's Issues provides policy guidance and coordination within the Department of State and the Washington interagency community to prevent child abduction. It safeguards the welfare of abducted children, returns abducted children to their places of habitual residence and helps parents resolve these complex cases.    The Office of Children's Issues executes U.S. obligations under the convention as the U.S. central authority.    It leads U.S. Government efforts both within the department and with other U.S. Government agencies to assist children and families involved in abduction cases in all countries and reviews applications to partner with countries that have acceded to the Hague abduction convention.    My bureau leads the effort to engage governments on convention implementation, acceding to the convention and providing assistance to families involved in cases in nonconvention countries.    Our number-one priority is the safety and protection of U.S. citizens overseas. This provides a little solace to those parents who are still waiting to see their children returned home. Only the safe return of their children matters.    As a parent and as an assistant secretary of state for consular affairs, I pledge that my team and I will continue to work to resolve all abduction cases.    That includes working with convention countries such as Japan to resolve abductions that occurred before our partnership under the convention took effect.    We are actively engaged with Japan in these cases. Disappointingly few have been resolved with the return of an abducted child to the United States or through meaningful parental access.    My colleagues in the bureau, throughout the department and at our Embassies and consulates abroad, press our foreign government counterparts on the issue of abduction and raise your constituents' cases at every opportunity.    For example, we have requested the Government of India's assistance in resolving reported abduction cases. Special advisor for children's issues, Ambassador Susan Jacobs, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for South and Central Asian Affairs Ambassador William Todd and I all personally urged India to resolve reported cases in recent meetings in New Delhi and Washington.    Additionally, officials at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi are in regular contact with Indian foreign ministry officials on these issues.    Mr. Chairman, let me again emphasize my personal commitment and my bureau's dedication to prevent parental abductions.    The department at State and our Interagency partners are committed to the implementation of the law and to safeguarding and returning abducted children to their places of habitual residence.    We are committed to ensuring parents have effective tools to resolve these cases in both convention and nonconvention countries.    As always, I appreciate your interest, your feedback and your suggestions. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Madame Ambassador.    We're joined by Mark Meadows? Any comments?    Thank you.    Let me just begin with some questions. First, in 2014 18 percent of the left-behind parents had to overcome, when litigating for the return of their child in a foreign country what sorts of obstacles, I should say, have they had to overcome?    Eighteen percent of the 1,467 cases this year were resolved with the child coming home and this includes resolved and unresolved cases--18 percent.    Of the 1,781 cases that were resolved, only 34 percent were resolved with children returning to the United States. In my opinion, these are staggeringly low numbers. Are you, Madam Ambassador, satisfied with this return rate--actual return rate, not resolution where, you know, as you know there are criteria for closing a case when obviously a return is something we are looking to break out and hopefully effectuate?    And what are you doing to change that rate in 2015? Again, the return rate I am talking about.    Ambassador Bond. Mr. Chairman, I am not satisfied with that return rate and we are working with each of the countries where there is a single case in order to address and identify what more could be done to actually bring each individual child home.    As you know, these cases are not identical in any way and so we are focused on the--on working with countries on the pattern of how they deal with these cases, how expeditiously and to what degree of well informed approach they have among their law enforcement.    In their central authority, in their judiciary we are working to make sure that people understand the point of the convention, the goals of the convention, how it is supposed to work and we are investing a great deal of resources in the training and the exchanges that do, as we have seen through the years, that do lead to results in terms of better performance.    Mr. Smith. Can I ask you, obviously, the report will come out late April--it will be the second report--and, frankly, when we saw the first trafficking in persons report, you know, there was some threadbareness to that one, which was greatly improved when the report--second year, third year, fourth year came forward.    And my question is when it comes to the sanctions part, you know, a lot of notice has been given to countries that are noncompliant. The conversations, the training, I think are extremely important and can change hearts and minds and that is important.    But at the end of the day, if they persist in these patterns of noncompliance and are obtuse to the heart cry coming from abducted children and their left-behind parents, are you planning on hopefully applying sanctions in this next round? You know, they begin--like I said, a lot of ample notice that it is in the law.    I am sure you and others have conveyed that in your conversations that this is a sword of Damocles that hangs over them. We don't want to do it. We don't want sanctions.    But if the record requires it they need to be imposed. Are you looking for that kind of evolution in terms of the imposition of sanctions in round two?    Ambassador Bond. The actions that are described in the law are, as you--you have described them as a range that starts with a demarche and builds.    I would argue that the fact is that there is a lot of strength in reiteration. There is a lot of strength in continuing, A, to raise an issue in order to emphasize how important it is to us and to raise it broadly so that individuals--it's not just, say, the minister of justice or the minister of one or two foreign affairs that are hearing about it but that a broad range of business people and others are getting the message that this problem exists because many people don't know about it and also the nature of the resolution that we are proposing that the different countries follow so that people understand what it is that we are talking about, what it is that we are asking for and what it is, in the case of convention countries, they have agreed to do.    There is a period of time and it happened in the United States too during which you are trying to make sure that people understand exactly what this treaty requires.    And as you may know, in the United States every time there is a child abducted here a packet of information is sent to the judge who is going to hear that case because most of the time, here and in other countries, a typical family court judge may never hear a Hague Convention case and if he or she does hear one it may be the only one they ever hear.    And therefore it is important to make sure that they understand that this is different from what they are used to doing, which is handling custody decisions.    So the engagement that we have and, you have said and, of course, I agree, that the education efforts are important, they are really fundamental.    If you take, as an example, the countries where our principal problem is with the judiciary, those, in many cases, may be countries where we used to have problems with the central authority and now have developed strong, excellent even, communication and coordination and understanding with the central authority.    But we are not seeing the results that we need in terms of a prompt focused understanding of what a Hague Convention court case is.    And so in that case the focus has to be on the judiciary and on making sure that the judges understand what the law is and understand how to apply it, understand that this is not a custody decision that we are talking about. It is a jurisdictional one and so forth.    So that is where the attention is focused if the issue has to do with a judicial understanding and compliance with the law.    If the problem in a particular country has to do with enforcement, and we have countries like that where the judges are making what we consider to be very good decisions, and then we don't see the enforcement of the return, there then you are focusing your attention on the people who are responsible for that.    In almost every case, it is important to be doing a lot of public outreach and a lot of looking for ways to highlight this issue and the importance of it in the press, again, in order to get understanding and acceptance among the public of what is going on so it doesn't look like their children are being taken to another country.    So all of the actions that are suggested in the law are absolutely on the table and the countries that we are talking to know that.    The fact is, though, that the focus is on who is it that is creating the problem here. Is it judges not knowing what to do? Is it law enforcement not being directed to pick the kids up and arrange for them to get on a plane and come home? And you focus on that, on the people who aren't getting it and finding ways to get them to do their jobs better.    So I can tell you absolutely honestly and clearly that there are no actions that are not on the table but the focus is on the actions that are directed at the problem that we see in a particular case or broadly in a particular country in order to turn that around and, again, I would say that there are a number of countries where we used to have real problems with the central authorities and now we have very, very good understanding with the central authorities.    So it is a fact that the efforts that have been made over the years do have an effect.    Mr. Smith. Can I just ask you again, you know, we had the same issue dealing with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act and when we said prescribe minimum standards we often found that law enforcement was the weakest link because they were often complicit at the local level with the traffickers in the abuse.    But we held the entire government, because they are part of the government, even though they are independent and judges even more so, to task. And Tier 3 would be netted out if there's a country that--where there is all kinds of collaboration with the traffickers, and I would argue that we are dealing with very smart people.    Our interlocutors in Brazil, in Japan, in India, these are some of the most educated people that you--you know, you are on the other side of the table that you speak with. They will understand to a great extent if sanctions are forthcoming.    One of the biggest lessons I learned on trafficking was when Israel and South Korea were designated Tier 3. We don't have any better allies.    We have similar and as good but no better allies in the world than Israel and South Korea. George Bush put them on Tier 3. They could have lost security aid, economic support but especially security aid and there was a very serious contemplation.    I have never seen two governments alter their Behavior, crack down on the brothels where trafficked women were. In the case of South Korea they passed some remarkably effective laws to end human trafficking there, and the trigger was the placement followed by the very credible threat that those sanctions would be used.    I would ask you, plead with you, use the sanctions. Pick out some countries--Japan, certainly, and I know there is a reluctance to single out Japan. First and foremost, put them on the pattern of noncompliance and maybe you can do that today.    But, certainly, if things don't change and maybe if you could answer this question, if you made the designation today based on the 50-plus cases, would you make that designation a pattern of noncompliance for Japan?    Ambassador Bond. So I want to be sure I understand the question. Japan is absolutely a country that is--they have made a good start at--after becoming, after joining the convention we think that they have made a good start.    We are watching very closely to see what they are doing this year with cases under the--under the Hague, the convention cases, and they will certainly be cited if they are not performing.    The--we are also very focused on the cases that were pre-Hague but under the description--the requirements for their report those didn't get reported in April. So that doesn't mean they are not important and it doesn't mean we are not focused on them.    The--as for the question, you know, we have seen examples of countries who are responding exactly as you are describing Israel and South Korea having done in terms of writing new legislation and looking at new ways to address problems that we were pointing out to them and pressing them to resolve.    And so Slovakia is an example where they are--they have just passed a new law. It limits the number of appeals, requires courts to speed up their cases.    Slovakia has said that they will join us in efforts to persuade other countries, particularly Middle Eastern ones, to join the convention. Slovakia--they are going to be the president of the EU starting in July.    Mr. Smith. They also had the Court of Human Rights--European Court of Human Rights come down very hard on them in two of those cases.    So there was, thankfully, additional pressure on Slovakia. Let me just ask you, because I know your time and we do have two members that I would like to get to, if Captain Paul Toland's case is unresolved by next year and there are 50 other cases, his is among the most egregious I have ever seen.    Got very bad advice from the JAG as to how he should handle his case. He was, obviously, there deployed to Yokohama as part of the defense of Japan--the joint defense that we are so happily engaged in and I certainly support that.    If his is unresolved, won't that trigger in and of itself, and then you add the other 49 cases--plus cases--for putting Japan on the noncompliant list, regardless of any progress they make post-Hague ratification? I mean, these--I mean, that is why when I went to Japan years ago I said if you don't have an MOU, if we are not working those cases aggressively they will fall by the wayside and the agony will be on words for those who feel left behind a second time.    So if his case is not resolved, does that trigger it, your opinion?    Ambassador Bond. We are, as I----    Mr. Smith. We will then be in the 13th year.    Ambassador Bond. We are considering all options available to assist the parents and we discuss within the department and with other parts of the U.S. Government actions that might make a difference in a particular case or the behavior of a country toward the general group of cases.    So there are no options that are off the table and the report--the next second annual report under the new law will reflect the conduct of all of these countries, Hague and non-Hague countries, in terms just as is required.    Mr. Smith. But again, I would hope if you could broadcast that signal to Japan--you could do it here today, hopefully you will--that Captain Toland and others like him, that this is a red line that ought to be laid down before Japan.    You know, Japan will be hosting the G-7 in the spring. Hopefully, these could be resolved by then. Otherwise, it ought to be a major issue discussed. I'm not sure if that is being contemplated or not. But maybe you could shed some light on that. Then I will go to Mark Meadows.    Ambassador Bond. I don't know about the agenda for the G-7. But it is an issue that we raise consistently with Japan. They know this is one of the major bilateral issues that we want to see resolved, all of the cases, whether they began after Japan joined the convention or are among the dozens that were already underway before Japan joined the convention.    The fact that Japan is a member of the Hague Convention reflects the power of persistent diplomacy by the United States and by other countries for the children that had been abducted to Japan and that does change the playing field for all of us because----    Mr. Smith. And cases are being resolved under the Hague vis-a-vis Japan?    Ambassador Bond. We are pushing for that. There are--there are two cases where judges have ordered the return of children to the United States.    Mr. Smith. Out of how many? Two cases out of----    Ambassador Bond. Of cases that--since they joined the Hague where judges have ordered the return. That has not yet been enforced, however. So we are working to get those kids home.    Mr. Smith. Now, is that a law enforcement problem or----    Ambassador Bond. It is--well----    Mr. Smith. Or is it under appeal?    Ambassador Bond. It is a complex--in both of the cases there they are both a little bit different but the issue is making it clear to all of the authorities in Japan and as you rightly point out, you know, the police or the judges or whoever they are part of the government and our engagement is with the government as well as with the particular part of that government that we think needs to special attention.    So I am hopeful that we are going to see returns to the United States under the Hague from Japan. We are pushing for that in those two specific cases.    Mr. Smith. Mark Meadows.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Clawson.    Mr. Smith. I want to thank Mr. Clawson, who is a very accomplished CEO, for that breath of fresh air. They do listen and stand up and take notice and, I believe, are moved.    You mentioned, Madam Ambassador, the--Germany. Germany, according to the figures put out by you guys, has a abduction case resolution rate of 27 percent--4 percent better than India, which is on the noncompliant list.    Twenty-seven percent doesn't sound all that good to me. So I wouldn't lift up Germany, with all due respect, when they have such a poor resolution rate.    Let me also--in Switzerland, you know, we didn't have any cases. The department didn't cover abductions to Switzerland because we didn't have any last year. But Switzerland is known internationally for not complying with the text of the Hague Convention and relitigating best interest determinations.    So, again, I am not sure that is a stellar example to be pointing to either. I do have few questions and then we will move on to panel two.    How does Japan's ratification of the Hague Convention help resolve any of the 50 pre-Hague cases? Again, I do hope if you have an opportunity to listen or at least read his testimony Captain Paul Toland will be next at the panel.    But have any of them been resolved? You mentioned two that are post-Hague and they are not even returned yet, which clearly begs the question as to delay is denial.    But none of those--have any of them been resolved and are we working on a MOU or bilateral agreement with Japan now for those pre-Hague Convention?    Ambassador Bond. The pre-Hague families, of course, have only the option of requesting access under the Hague and there a number of left-behind parents who have filed requests for access and that is, you know, individual cases. I actually am not in a position----    Mr. Smith. Again, underscoring why there needs to be an MOU. I mean, access--while that may be nice in the context it is not what is being requested.    Ambassador Bond. It's not what they want. Right. No, we are talking to Japan about how can we have a framework, a structure agreement for addressing the cases that don't fall under the Hague Convention.    Mr. Smith. When do you think that framework might be forthcoming?    Ambassador Bond. I don't know.    Mr. Smith. Any sense? And, again, delay is denial. Having--through contacts and long conversations with so many left-behind parents, frankly, started with David Goldman, the tears are--you know, flow every day. Delay is denial. If you could get back to us with when that might occur and with whom--who are your interlocutors.    Ambassador Bond. We are talking to the Japanese very, very consistently about resolution of the cases that predate the convention. So we absolutely are focused on trying to find resolution in every one of those cases.    In some--in some of them it may be that access may lead to a resolution as the children are able to reconnect with parents that they have lost contact with through the years.    Mr. Smith. Let me just shift briefly to Brazil, and it was great to be with you at the press conference with Dr. Brann, Jared Genser, David Goldman and pressing for the return of Nico Brann.    As you know, Federal Judge Arali Maciel Duarte ruled that Nico Brann had been in Brazil 2 months, far less than any prescribed by the Hague Convention and was well settled and would not be returned to the U.S. despite admittedly illicit abduction that took place in Texas.''    And I've seen the court papers. His wife, that is to say Dr. Brann's wife, had agreed that this wouldn't happen--that they were coming back from a so-called vacation. Dr. Brann is 2 years into his abduction fight.    Devon Davenport is 6 years in his case. He has won at every level and yet he can't get his daughter home. Quiet diplomacy, it seems to me, has not worked.    David Goldman, you know, was well over 5\1/2\ years in his quest and through the grace of God and a lot of effort--thank God he was able to get his son back. But these others have not been 6 years that now exceed David's time.    Why isn't there a sanction--I mean a sanction--against Brazil? I don't understand it.    Ambassador Bond. Well, we are--we are working to get those kids home. We are working to make sure that the Brazilians understand that they have got to improve--find a way to improve their judicial process. It is designed to permit a lot of appeals but as a result they are not living up to their commitment to turn these cases around and get the kids home.    And so we agree--Brazil's attorney general, as you know, is filing an appeal of that judge's decision in the Brann case because the Government of Brazil agrees that judge was wrong.    Mr. Smith. I understand you will have to leave soon. So I will submit a number of questions. But just a couple of final ones just to conclude.    On extradition, an extradition request--tell the other country we are very serious about resolving abduction. This is especially helpful in non-Hague countries where abduction is not taken seriously.    The Goldman Act lists extradition as an action the State Department should be taking in concert with the Department of Justice.    How many extradition requests are pending on abduction cases? Are there any pending in India, a non-Hague country where 75 open long-pending cases at the end of the year, about half are more than 5 years old--I mentioned Bindu Phillips earlier, who I have gotten to know very well--and her case is just filled to overflowing with fraud.    The police in her township--it is not in my district--have been--have done yeoman's work in documenting how she was defrauded as well as adding additional pain to the abduction itself because she was also ripped off, stolen from.    What is being done vis-a-vis extradition?    Ambassador Bond. Mr. Chairman, the issue of extradition of U.S. Government requesting the extradition of someone to the Unites States is a decision that is made by the Department of Justice and so I really would have to refer you----    Mr. Smith. Oh, I understand that.    But is it something that your office weighs in or the Office of Children's Issues? I mean, they certainly would look to you for guidance. I mean, on Bindu Phillips it think there ought to be an extradition done in that case.    And certainly a thumbs up--an admonishment from your office would go a long way to sharpening their focus because obviously they have a lot of cases and prosecutorial discretion that they have to deal with in terms of what cases to take.    Ambassador Bond. Yes, and it is absolutely one of the options that is out there for cases where we think and Justice agrees would make a difference.    Mr. Smith. But you know of no case as of now?    Ambassador Bond. I don't.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Could you get back to us if there is such a case of making its way through?    Mr. Smith. Let me also ask you with regards to India is a MOU or bilateral agreement being contemplated there? Because I know there is a great push, have them sign the Hague. But, again, that just grandfathers out all of those 100 children, 75 to so cases, including Bindu Phillips.    Ambassador Bond. Right. Yes, and as you say, we are hearing very positive comments from the Indians with whom I also had meetings this month here in Washington about joining the Hague.    They recognize the fact that there are a lot of cases and that that structure provides a way to address these and resolve them. So we would also then be talking to India about how are we going to resolve the cases that predate the convention.    Mr. Smith. Again, the argument was made as to why no MOU for Japan was that the atmosphere would be so improved under Hague that it would lead to possible resolution of those cases.    Again, has any of that happened? Are they looking to resolve Captain Toland's case?    Ambassador Bond. I know, as I mentioned, that some of the parents have submitted Hague access requests and to the extent that they are able to resume regular contact with their children that may well lead to actions that actually bring the children home, especially if the children are older and in a position to express their own interests in where they want to live or where they want to travel.    Mr. Smith. Let me just ask you finally, and this is regarding India and maybe other countries as well. But your reports to Congress this year and letters to left-behind parents, and I have one here which we can share with you, showed some confusion regarding the application trigger recounting a case against a non-Hague country such as India.    When desperate left-behind parents contact you they are told there has to be an additional application procedure for their case to count as ``unresolved'' but that the content and the process for the application is kept secret.    One enquiring parent was told the response to her direct questions regarding an application has not been submitted--that is from the letter--that the State Department will do so when appropriate.    For non-Hague countries the Goldman Act starts the clock the moment the State Department formally raises the case by name with the country.    What additional requirements have you added, if any, for an application and how can you fill them immediately in India? And we will share with you this letter if you would like to take a look.    Ambassador Bond. I am not aware of----    Mr. Smith. The family came away confused.    Ambassador Bond. Yes. I am not aware of any additional requirements that are asked for parents whose children have been abducted to India.    So, you know, I don't know whether there was a misunderstanding in what you are describing or a failure on our part to communicate clearly but there aren't any, as far as I am aware, additional requirements that are imposed on left-behind parents whose children are in India.    Mr. Smith. Right. I know you have indicated you need to leave. Is there time for Sheila Jackson Lee to ask a question?    Ambassador Bond. Of course.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Yield to the gentlelady from Texas.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so much.    Mr. Smith. Can I just ask you--you know, Sheila Jackson Lee's questions prompted a question from me and that would be as you know Title 3 outlines or makes clear that there needs to be an interagency working group headed up by the secretary of state and it would include Homeland Security, Department of Justice and it would also work with Department of Defense.    Has that interagency group met and what has been the outcome? How often do they meet?    Ambassador Bond. So far, I believe they have met twice and in addition to the agencies that you have mentioned they also include now at the last most recent session the attorney general of Utah attended because they are also reaching out to the state level officials who would be in a position to contribute to a discussion of how can we get this done better--how can we protect the kids. So those will be regularly held.    Mr. Smith. This is the final question and then we will submit the rest for the record. But in June--at the June hearing sitting right where you are sitting was a woman, Edeanna Barbirou, from Tunisia.    She has been trying to get her son, Eslam Chebbi, back home to the United States. She testified--her testimony was very, very riveted. She has won four court orders and yet she still has not gotten her son back.    Secretary Kerry recently praised Tunisia for being an example of democracy and, again, despite these court orders she does not have her son back. What is the department doing to get her son back?    Ambassador Bond. She is present here today, as a matter of fact, and we were chatting a few minutes ago. Of course, we are familiar with her situation.    The--to be honest, I think, due to the privacy act I actually can't go into the details right now of what the current status of her case is.    But we are very engaged on it and remain hopeful that we will be able to get him home. As you say, the courts have ordered his return several times.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. And I will submit some additional questions and the members might do likewise. Thank you for your testimony.    Ambassador Bond. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. I would like to now invite panel two, being first with Mr. David Goldman, a father of a child abducted to Brazil. Mr. Goldman is father of Sean Goldman, who is here in the audience. He was born in Red Bank--Sean was, abducted to Brazil in 2004.    Mr. Goldman spent the next 5\1/2\ arduous years, enormous amounts of time and financial resources and had a great number of people supporting him in the New Jersey community and really around the country to secure the return of his son.    In December 2009, Christmas Eve to be exact, he actually got his son back and flew back to the United States and what a great reunion that was, not just for David but for his entire family.    We thank him for the work that he has done not just for himself but the Bring Sean Home Foundation and the other work he has done. He has been a shining example of what can be when the levers of government, the private sector, the media, all work in concert to bring about justice and a--in this case, a much needed family reunification.    We will then hear from U.S. Navy Captain Paul Toland, who has been fighting for access to and return of his daughter Erika since 2003.    Captain Toland--she was abducted, I should say, as an infant from a Navy family housing in Japan. Captain Toland has been the sole surviving parent since 2007 when Erika's mother died. But still has been prevented from unification with his daughter who is living with her grandmother.    Captain Toland recently launched a new legal effort in Japan's courts calling on the courts to recognize the fundamental human rights of a biological parent to have access to his or her child.    He is the co-founder and national director of Back Home, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the immediate return of internationally abducted children who have been wrongfully detained, especially in Japan.    I would like begin with Mr. Goldman and then go to Captain Toland.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Goldman, thank you so very much for that very passionate, well informed, articulate--not only telling your own story but your concern for all of the other left-behind parents.    And with that, I'd like to yield to Captain Paul Toland.    CAPT Toland. Thank you, and thank you, David, for that touching speech.    Congressman Smith, Congressman Meadows, Congresswoman Jackson Lee and other members of this committee, thank you for allowing me the opportunity to speak today about the scourge of international parental child abduction, specifically with regard to the country of Japan.    I am here today to explain to you why punitive measures up to and including sanctions may soon be the only viable option that will bring about the change necessary within Japan to comply with the Hague Convention and the Goldman Act.    My name is Paul Toland. I'm a captain in the United States Navy with over 26 years of active military service. I am the co-founder and director of Bring Abducted Children Home.    My daughter Erika was abducted off the U.S. Navy housing in Japan over 12 years ago. In 2007, my wife, Etsuko, committed suicide and since that time Erika has been wrongfully retained in Japan by her grandmother Akiko Futagi.    I was recently in Japan, where I filed through their family court system for physical custody of Erika. Japan signed the Hague Convention in 2014 but abduction cases like mine that transpired before Japan's ratification of the Hague are not eligible for returns under the Hague. So I am utilizing the Japanese system to see if they will in fact respect the rights of a parent over a nonparent and provide custody to me, Erika's only living parent.    Yes, Akiko Futagi is a grandparent to Erika Toland. But that also means she is not a parent. Under law in most countries she would have no right to keep my child away from me and yet to this day she has been allowed to keep Erika away from me without allowing so much as a phone call in 8 painful years.    In most countries with modern family law systems this abduction and denial of access to a parent would be perceived no differently than if a stranger abducted a child and it would be a felony crime.    But in Japan, abduction by a nonparent relative is not only accepted, it is condoned. I am the only parent in the world to Erika, yet every day I have no idea if she is sick or injured.    I have no idea if she is safe or in danger. I have not even been offered a single photo of my beloved daughter in the 8 years since the grandmother has held her, let alone a visit or a walk in the park together or the opportunity to say happy birthday even once.    Historically, Japan has stood alone in the modern world as a notorious haven for child abduction and is still considered a black hole from abduction from which no child ever returns.    The Japanese Government has never enforced the return of a single abducted child including over 400 American children abducted to Japan since 1994.    But recently there has been some hope for change in Japan. Japan has signed the Hague Convention and many Japanese politicians are speaking openly about changing Japan's views on parental abduction and shared custody between parents after divorce.    Those inside and outside Japan who want Japan to change and become a modern country in regard to parental rights see my case as an opportunity for Japan to prove to the rest of the world that it is changing and that Japan is moving forward toward joining the rest of the developed nations of the world.    For Japan to prove this to the rest of the world, we fully expect that the Japanese court will both order and enforce the return of Erika Toland to me, her father and only living parent.    The judge's ruling in this case will be a reflection of the entire Japanese Government and the entire nation of Japan. There could be no clearer case than this case for Japan to demonstrate that it has at least a very basic and rudimentary understanding of its responsibilities toward parents and children.    How can we expect Japan to ever resolve more complicated divorce and child custody issues if it cannot even resolve this very straightforward case where one parent is deceased and a nonparent is withholding the child from a loving parent who wants to care for her?    The U.S. Supreme Court has found that, and I quote, ``the interest of parents in the care, custody and control of their children is perhaps the oldest of the fundamental liberty interests.''    The U.S. Supreme Court has further ruled that it is cardinal that the custody, care and nurture of the child reside first in the parents and that same court has held that the relationship between parent and child is constitutionally protected.    As in U.S. courts, the rest of the modern developed world would never tolerate a custody battle between a parent and a nonparent.    In civilized countries the automatic presumption of the court would be that the best interest of a child is to be raised by her parents, not some other more distant relative or stranger.    A parent does not have the burden of proving that he or she can raise the child better than a nonparent. If Japan rules, as it should in favor of my daughter's right to know and love her father, then it would truly be a threshold step for Japan and Japan would be closer to joining the rest of the international community as a nation that respects the basic fundamental bond between parent and child.    However, after attending family court in Japan last month, I came to a single conclusion regarding the Japanese family law system. Nothing has changed.    That is right. The court system is no different than it was 10 years ago. The courts still have no mechanism of enforcement. The courts still drag cases out over many months to run out the clock and judges simply find a way to maintain the status quo.    In my clear-cut and unambiguous case, I have endured three court dates over the course of 8 months with another court date set for December and no end in sight.    Signing the Hague was simply a smokescreen devised by Japan to relieve international pressure. The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs knows this. They know that Japan's family court system is a completely broken mess and that is why they have done everything in their power to keep Hague actions out of their court system and instead attempt to resolve cases through mediation and provide access via monitored video conferencing between victimized parents and children.    These efforts have all been dismal failures. Why would an abductor want to mediate knowing that he or she can withhold a child without consequence? All they need to say is no and there is nothing that the Japanese Government will do about it.    Other recent signatories of the Hague such as Korea have made necessary reforms to their family law system but Japan simply refuses to do so and because of this they can never be compliant with the Hague. It is literally impossible.    So what are we to do about it? How will Japan make the changes it needs to join the rest of the global community? I and everyone who has been associated with this issue for years have come to a single conclusion--foreign pressure. Yes, that is the only solution that can bring about change within Japan.    Real changes to human rights issues in Japan are rarely if ever accomplished internally. Instead, it is almost exclusively foreign pressure that elicits change in Japan. Take child pornography as an example.    For years and years, Japan openly allowed possession of child pornography and did nothing about it. It was only intense and continued foreign pressure that compelled Japan to make the changes necessary to join the rest of the civilized world in this area.    Likewise, it will only be constant and intense foreign pressure that will bring about the required changes in family law that will allow Japan to comply with the Goldman Act and the Hague Convention. The State Department has been completely remiss in applying foreign pressure to Japan or demanding the return of any of the 400 children kidnapped to Japan since 1994.    They have instead actively tried to cover up for Japan's noncompliance with no regard whatsoever to the suffering of countless American parents and children.    If Japan rules against me and demonstrates that it cannot and will not protect the fundamental bond between parent and child and the inherent rights of parents and if Japan continues to deny access to parents under the Hague and fails to return abducted children under the Hague, I ask for punitive measures up to and including sanctions under the Goldman Act.    Why do you think Brazil returned Sean Goldman? It was because of the threat of sanctions. As David just alluded to, holding up that trade bill--that is what really hit home. And then after Sean was returned--thank God he was returned--then the pressure was relieved. They were no longer holding up the trade bill and no more children were returned.    That speaks for itself. Sanctions represent a real expenditure of political capital on behalf of the United States.    I once told a high ranking State Department official that our children could be returned in 1 year if the United States Government was willing to expend real political capital on behalf of our children.    If a governor or some famous celebrity's child were abducted overseas you can bet our Government would expend every resource possible to ensure the return of these children--their children.    But the sad reality is that our children are simply not important enough for the American Government to expend the political capital necessary to return them.    Additionally, if Japan cannot protect the fundamental bond between parent and child and the inherent rights of parents, then no American families are safe in Japan including military families.    If our military families' members and their families stationed in Japan can lose their children so easily in violation of our constitutional protections, then the military will need to rethink its policy of allowing family members to accompany their military sponsor to Japan.    Ever since Erika was stolen from me over 12 years ago, my only desire in the world and everything I have worked for has been done with one goal in mind--to be reunited with Erika so she can know and love her only father and so I can know and love my only child. That goal has never changed and it never will.    I have heard some people from Japan say, ``Why would you want to take Erika away from her home in Japan?'' Well, to that I say Japan is not necessarily her rightful home. It is not even necessarily the United States. A child's home is with her parents no matter where that may be, and that means that no matter where I may reside Erika's home is and always will be with me.    True, it's a fact that she's 13 years old now and she may not want to come to America, and if that's the case she and I will work that out together. I will ensure that I have the best team of reunification experts and medical professionals to help us through these times. Japan expeditiously ruling in my favor will sanctify the sacred bond between parent and child.    Japan expeditiously ruling in my favor will be a recognition that these difficult issues regarding Erika's future are issues that she and I must face together and it will also recognize that neither the state of Japan nor a more distant nonparent relative will come between the sacred bond of parent and child.    However, if Japan rules against me and violates this fundamental bond between parent and child and continue their pattern of denying access to parents of abducted children and fail to expeditiously return abducted children under the Hague Convention, I once again ask that punitive actions be taken by the U.S. Government to include sanctions under the Goldman Act. Only foreign pressure will resolve this situation and that foreign pressure starts right here in this room.    Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Captain Toland, thank you so very, very much. Again, an extraordinarily eloquent statement, an expression of a father's love for his daughter, Erika.    And I can assure you that this subcommittee and Mark Meadows and other members of the committee are steadfast. We will be unceasing in our efforts to try to get your child home, the other children who have been abducted and to use the Goldman Act as it was intended--to use it.    Words are cheap in this town and, you know, I have been here 35 years now and I can tell you far too often people make these statements.    Secretary Kerry made a very find statement yesterday that all the tools will be employed and used. Well, they have to be and Ambassador Bond did not make clear whether or not even now with the gap that they had in the original report that Japan, with its 50 plus cases and even those post-Hague not being resolved either, would be designated as a pattern--as a country with a pattern of noncompliance and that is very deeply disappointing. And I think your point about the Hague being a smokescreen, never more truer words were ever spoken.    Now, it may have a positive ameliorative effect going forward. But as we argued right from the get-go when this administration are doing the same--it is like deja vu all over again, to quote Yogi Bera--it is--they are just committing the same act vis-a-vis India with all the 75 cases that are unresolved. So I can assure you we are going to do everything we can to keep the pressure on.    I will initiate a letter. Hopefully we will get members of the House and the Senate to sign it, to the President--that the G-7 meeting that will be held--the 42nd G-7 summit on May 26th or 27th in Shima, Japan, with Japan hosting, of course, that your case and the cases of other left-behind parents, and other countries do have similar situations.    So my hope is that they will too rally. I remember meeting with Ambassadors from other nations, mostly European nations, that had a very similar track record of not having their left-behind children brought back to their families as well and their parents.    We do have 30 minutes or so of votes. If there is anything you would like to add--both of your statements were extraordinarily eloquent. Ambassador Bond's statements today--did it give you any hope?    Frankly, I was concerned by a lack of commitment to using the tools other than saying we'll use all tools--everything is on the table.    But until you start sanctioning and having--as one of our colleagues said earlier, until you really start really saying we're not kidding, they will think these are mere words and admonishments rather than actions that have penalties and consequences. So if you'd like to add anything, you know, please do at this point and then we will conclude the hearing.    CAPT Toland. Congressman Smith, I would just like to add one thing on behalf of a number of other parents that I'm associated with.    We are currently--me and a number of other parents are seeing our kids that were abducted at a young age moving into their teenage years now and we are hearing the same thing over and over from the abductors--the child does not want to see their parent, and this is from the abductor saying this, not necessarily the children.    This is happening--I will say it--I am hearing this from--regarding my daughter Erika as well as Randy Collins hearing it about his son, Keisuke, Chris Savoie hearing it about his children, Isaac and Rebecca.    We don't know if these children are really saying this or if the kidnappers are simply saying this as a last ditch effort.    But what we do know is that these children were kidnapped at a very young age and brainwashed for many years. Unfortunately, these children will never heal from the psychological damage that their kidnapping parent inflicted upon them.    But our hope is that in a few more years these victimized children will realize that most of their life was a lie and we pray that they will come to know and love us, the parent that they were taken from.    Thank you.    Mr. Smith. We are out of time.    Without objection, a Washington Post editorial from August 12th will be made part of the record and it cites Jeffrey Morehouse, who is here with us today, and without objection be made a part of the record.    Thank you very much. The hearing is adjourned.