    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For Mr. Lord, the $300,000 underbilled that you referred to, that was in West     Mr. O'Rourke. That is New York, Chicago, West L.A.    Mr. O'Rourke. Was that annually or is that cumulative over a period of years?    Mr. O'Rourke. Gotcha. A question you may or may not be able to answer now, but I am interested in the answer, how does this performance relate to other Federal agencies or departments that manage a lot of land, excluding a department like BLM that have an expressed purpose for that land and then may or may not enter into these land-use or lease agreements with other non-related entities? Does DoD do this or do we have other examples? How do they do comparable to the VA?    Mr. O'Rourke. Gotcha.    What level, and this may be for Ms. Murphy or Dr. McDougall, at what level are these decisions made and then reviewed? Following up on some of the questions that are already asked, there is somebody there who is managing the agreements on site, but what is the hierarchy of review through the VISN and on up if it goes beyond that?    Mr. O'Rourke. And also for you, Ms. Murphy, one of the issues that we have really wrestled with on this committee and on the full committee is the issue of accountability and creating a culture that values and recognizes and understands accountability. I think you alluded to that in your answer to Ms. Kuster's question about ongoing investigations. I wouldn't ask you to say anything publicly that would jeopardize that. And you, in answer to Dr. Benishek's questions, both acknowledge that you are relatively new to these positions. But as specifically as you can, can you talk about how important it is for there to be accountability for this and certainly want to see people who are responsible for these mistakes held accountable, but how do we gain something beyond that in this organization?    Mr. O'Rourke. Mr. Lilley, I wanted to ask you a quick question, is it your position or the position of the American Legion that you are not opposed necessarily to lease agreements as long as ultimately the benefit accrues to the veterans and the immediate needs there with homeless veterans or taking care of the primarily mental healthcare needs of the veterans are resolved?    Mr. O'Rourke. Great, thank you.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you.    For Ms. Murphy, following up on the ranking member's questions about the systems and software that we use to manage these properties and your answers about what those things might be able to do for you, alerting you when a lease is coming due and triggering actions or reviews on the part of the VA.    At this point, does the VA use any third-party, private-sector contractors or consultants to assist with these tasks?    Mr. O'Rourke. No. Managing the property and the land and the leases and doing it professionally, I mean, a company that does that as their sole purpose versus the VA, which is focused on outcomes for veterans. Is that at any level taking place today?    Mr. O'Rourke. Are you adverse or opposed to doing that?    Mr. O'Rourke. I think part of what excites me about Bob McDonald leading the VA right now is his private-sector experience. And just now, as the ranking member was asking her question, I searched for Procter & Gamble real estate. And there was a press release announcing, you know, an outside property management firm coming under contract to manage 16.5 million square feet of office space globally for Procter & Gamble.    And so I think there has got to be something to this idea that--understandably, the VA is not good at this. This is just not what we want you all to do. We want you to take care of the veterans that have served this country. And there are firms and businesses who exclusively do this and do it very well.    And so I hope that, I mean I will just take your answer that you don't have an opinion to mean that you are not necessarily opposed to it. And in your review of what you are doing and what you can do, I hope that you will include the prospect of talking to an outside firm, maybe not to manage the property but maybe to consult on best property management practices, including software and systems, processes and procedures.    I think we would be, you know, at our peril, we would ignore the expertise that is out there in the private sector. And I have got to think that Secretary McDonald would see the wisdom in that as well.    Mr. O'Rourke. Great. But in terms, I mean just systematically to manage that, that to me would be just exciting to at least look at and get an answer back on.    So if you do that, I would encourage you to do that. If you do that, I would love to see the results of that inquiry and I know that probably the other members of the committee would as well.    Thank you.    Thanks, Mr. Chair.