    Mr. Hurd. The Subcommittee on Information Technology of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies of the Committee on Homeland Security will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. I would like to start off by recognizing my friend and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, and fellow Texan, the Honorable Ratcliffe, John Ratcliffe. Over to you, sir.    Mr. Hurd. It's now my pleasure to recognize the distinguished gentleman from the great State of Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, for his opening statement. Mr. Richmond, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Chairman, thank you. And I look forward to getting this institution focused on solving problems rather than jurisdictional issues. And I would like to thank Chairman McCaul and Chairman Chaffetz for their leadership and Ranking Members Thompson and Cummings for working on issues like this in a bipartisan fashion. It's great working alongside you, Mr. Richmond. And I would especially like to thank my good friend, Robin Kelly, for her partnership over the last year. And I'm looking forward to working together with you this year.    This is an important topic, eight panelists, a bunch of chairmen, a bunch of subcommittee chairmen, a lot of ranking members. And one of the reasons is that it's been estimated that 97 percent of all Fortune 500 companies have been hacked, and the other 3 percent have been and just don't know it. And this is the size and scope of the cyber problems this Nation is facing. BlueCross BlueShield, Anthem, most recently, Juniper Networks and OPM, where the sensitive PII of 21.5 million Americans whose data was stolen are just a few examples of the ongoing digital threat our Nation faces every single day.    Our adversaries are constantly targeting our information technology. And in doing so, they steal our intellectual property, healthcare data, and the most private details of the lives of millions of Americans. So when in May of last year, the Bureau of Industry and Security at the Department of Commerce published a draft rule implementing an export control regime on some of the most basic cybersecurity tools and methods, I became deeply concerned about the potential for unintended circumstances and consequences.    The truth is that cyber weapons are not analogous to conventional weapons that the Wassenaar Agreement has been discussing and regulating since its inception. The same code that can be used to steal, disrupt, or destroy can also be used to protect. My concern, a concern shared by many of those companies and experts who submitted comments to BIS over the summer, is that the language of the proposed rule is so broad and vague that if implemented, it would do profound damage to our Nation's cybersecurity posture. The IT Subcommittee is very interested in the process that the State Department employed when adding these highly technical and complex cybersecurity items to the Wassenaar's export control regime, were experts, the cybersecurity industry, or the IT community at large, included in the discussions leading up to the agreement? If not, why? And how can we make sure they are consulted in the future so this kind of thing doesn't happen again.    Cybersecurity practitioners have to move at the pace of technology. They cannot stop and wait to push a critical patch out to their international partners or clients who are left vulnerable while regulators delay and bureaucrats impose mountains of red tape. In the cybersecurity business, the clock starts when you know you've got an indicator of compromise and doesn't stop until you know it's been patched. In no time at all, a vulnerability can be exploited and data extracted. With months, hackers can take their time and do unspeakable damage to American interests.    One of the reasons the IT Subcommittee exists is to examine the impacts information technology has on our laws, governmental structures, society writ large, and our regulatory approach.    The question here today is not only whether or not the Wassenaar nations need to re-think and re-draft those cyber tool controls, but also, whether or not an export control regime is the correct institution to solve the problem of keeping dangerous digital tools out of the hands of despots. I thank Chairman Ratcliffe for his shared interest in this issue. And I look forward to today's discussion. And I yield back.    Mr. Hurd. I thank my colleague from Florida.    This is a lightening round, y'all. We have a lot more questions to get through, and we have to get to votes.    Number one, I always like to start these off by saying something positive. Mr. Wolf, you and the Department of Commerce, great job in recognizing the problems and pulling back the rule. And as you've alluded to, that doesn't happen that often, and that should be commended. And I'm hearing you right, is the technical advisory committees open to--for people to join?    Mr. Hurd. Do you have one on cybersecurity?    Mr. Hurd. Okay.    Mr. Garfield, are you willing to help populate the committee?    Mr. Hurd. Are there other folks on this the panel willing to send someone to that committee?    Voice. Yes.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Wolf, are you willing to take their input into thinking about what the best next action is?    Mr. Hurd. What is the best next action? Are you going to leave here, you are going to say, that was a really long hearing, a lot of panelists, Congressman Ratcliffe was very insightful with his questions, and then--and then what happens?    Mr. Hurd. What forum? When is a decision going to be made about whether another proposed rule is going to be done, or you go back to Wassenaar?    Mr. Hurd. Who makes that decision?    Mr. Hurd. Copied. Thank you.    Mr. Van Diepen, why do you care more about what the other 31 countries are implementing than the people on this panel and the members of Mr. Garfield's organizations?    Mr. Hurd. What do you think you are going to learn from the other 31 countries that have already implemented this rule?    Mr. Hurd. So how many of those countries that have implemented that rule have the same cybercrime laws that the U.S. has?    Mr. Hurd. How many of those countries have the same robust ecology of companies that focus on cybersecurity and practitioners of cybersecurity? I know the answer to this one, by the way, but I want to see if you know.    Mr. Hurd. The answer is zero.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Van Diepen, the answer is zero. You have a wealth of experience and capabilities here, and they are going to be the ones that tell you how this is going to ultimately be--should be--it's going to be impacted by this industry.    Mr. Hurd. We are the ones that are protecting the rest of--the rest of--we have to protect ourselves, and we are protecting the rest of the world's.    Ms. Ganzer, you are in the chair.    Mr. Hurd. If you were in the chair again in 2013, how would you--how would this have gone differently?    Mr. Hurd. When is the next time you are sitting in the chair? February?    Mr. Hurd. Have you done an industry guidance on this forensics rule that has been brought up? Is there not a rule on forensics?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Wolf?    Mr. Hurd. So the general topic of forensics, forensics tools, for use on understanding a person's network is going to be up for general discussion at Wassenaar at the next conversation?    Mr. Hurd. If this does come up, I would suggest you reach out to industry first and before you have to figure out what your left and right bound is for negotiation.    I yield back the time that I do not have.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.