    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. That was well worthwhile.    And following on Ranking Member Johnson's line of questioning, I think it was a good line of questioning, but I'd like to take it in a slightly different way. And I'll go down with a question for everyone.    Mr. Buzbee, do you think that there's anything wrong today with the current situation in which a $1 billion or greater cost to the private sector can be passed on by an agency years, even decades, after the passage of a law by Congress and, in fact, you must effectively do it or be in peril until or unless you prevail in court, perhaps for 5 years later? Just a yes or no. Do you think that that status quo today is okay?    Mr. Issa. No. Well, you have to go to the court and get a stay.    Mr. Issa. Very few agencies think that their new rules are frivolous enough for them to grant the stay. So by definition, you have to go to the court which means you have a period of time and a high standard. Just yes or no, do you think that's a good standard today?    Mr. Issa. Professor, I want to know if you think the current standard, not what benevolent government bureaucrats do, you know. I'm not from the side of the aisle that believes in benevolent government bureaucrats. So excluding all the good things that sometimes happen, do you think the current balance of what can happen is okay? Yes or no, please.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Clark, I would go down and just say, how would you answer that yes-or-no question?    Mr. Issa. You can in a second. Let me just get down this and then I'll get back to you.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Brady, you are living under these laws. I assume your answer is you don't think the status quo is particularly good.    Mr. Issa. Okay. So 75 percent of the audience here today says that they want to rebalance this.    Now, the act moves the burden, if in a sense, the other direction, doesn't it, in the case of multibillion. And agencies, including ones that my former Committee next door looked at, often underestimate. So a multibillion dollar one effecting dust for farmers and so, can sometimes be guessed at a very low level and thus circumvent the $1 billion responsibilities.    Mr. Clark, you're familiar with some of those cases where they guess low?    Mr. Issa. So as we look at this legislation, I'm going to ask you a series of--one question. I'm going to get back to Mr. Clark, give you that opportunity to follow up.    But as we look at the rebalancing, isn't the obligation of this Committee, recognizing we're only dealing with regulations that come out that essentially are adding to a law that is more than a year old, a new regulation in which they did not do it in the original passage of law--I think it's important, that limitation. We're not dealing with the act of Congress and then the rulemaking afterwards. We're dealing with second guessing and new thoughts on legislation that could be decades old.    Should we consider for a smaller than $1 billion still having an expedited ability to get to the court for that decision, and if so, should we consider that the court instead of having the burden be irreparable harm have a simple balance of cost and benefit?    And I ask that for a reason, because if it's $100 million and on balance it costs more than it saves, it may not be irreparable harm. But as was said by the Chairman in the opening statement, currently, just having it cost you a lot of money and doing very little benefit doesn't happen to be a standard that the court would consider. So as much as I like the billion, I like the shifting.    My question to you, and I'll start with Mr. Clark is, should we consider a balance that puts the court in an expeditious fashion in a position to evaluate sooner and on an expeditious basis, even if it's below $1 billion? Mr. Clark.    Mr. Issa. I don't believe it--they're still working on fast and furious from 2010.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Noe.    Mr. Issa. As do I.    Mr. Brady, you have to live under these laws, regulations that agencies come up with years after laws are passed. How do you feel about them?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I think Mr. Buzbee wanted to weigh in, and I don't want to cut him off unfairly. But Thank you, Mr. Chairman.