    Mr. Cordero. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Garamendi, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to present the President's fiscal year 2016 budget for the Federal Maritime Commission. With me today are my colleague Commissioners, Rebecca Dye, Michael Khouri, William Doyle, as well as the Commission's senior executives.    With the committee's permission, I would like my full written statement to be included in the record, and submitted.    The President's budget for the Commission provides $27,387,000 for fiscal year 2016. This will fund 135 full-time equivalent employees, as well as mandatory rent, interagency services, and critical commercial services. Our fiscal year 2016 budget request includes $19.8 million for salaries and benefits of the 135 FTEs expected to be on board at the end of fiscal year 2016 to support the Commission's mandate and protect the American shippers.    Administrative expenses are funded at $7.4 million in fiscal year 2016 to support our number of business expenses, representing a net increase of just $84,000 over fiscal year 2015.    The Commission continues to work diligently to support the Nation's goals to increase exports, the vast majority of which move through our ports. Ports are the gateways that handle $900 billion worth of containerized goods annually.    The Commission monitors the continued growth of chassis agreements, and the increase in ocean carriers divesting from chassis fleets, which impact cargo movements in ports. Several months ago, I hosted a forum on U.S. port congestions in Los Angeles to foster a dialogue between industry stakeholders, regulators, and the general public on the causes and impacts of congestion. Signs of chronic congestion in our Nation's ports have been surfacing over the last few years. Congestion is a serious threat to global trade. So much so that one private-sector economist recently opined as follows: ``The biggest threat of global trade isn't protectionism, war, or terrorism, disease or natural disasters. But, instead, mounting congestion at global ports and the crumbling infrastructure surrounding them.''    It is clear that much of the congestion plaguing U.S. ports is not tied to the absence of an ILWU-PMA agreement, for which there is now resolution. This conclusion is based on the input received by the Commission at its four regional port congestion forums held last fall. Forums were held in Los Angeles, Baltimore, Charleston, and New Orleans, in order that the industry participants in those gateways and port regions address causes and possible solutions to congestion.    There are many factors causing congestion, including unavailability of chassis at U.S. ports. Ocean carriers serving Los Angeles, Long Beach, New York, New Jersey, Baltimore, and other ports have been withdrawing from owning and providing chassis in order to reduce costs. Another important source of congestion stands from the impact of the introduction of 15,000 to 18,000 TEU vessels. Though the megavessels helped carriers significantly reduce their operating costs when they are unloaded at the U.S. ports, challenges have been presented. Logistics have been problematic, as a result.    Presently, the Commission is working on a study that addresses congestion at U.S. ports, and continues to work with other Federal agencies to find solutions to supply chain bottlenecks. Closely related to congestion is the matter of marine terminal operator and ocean common carrier demurrage charges. The Commission is receiving numerous complaints by shippers, American shippers, who are repeatedly told that they may not retrieve containers due to on-dock congestion or gate delays. Furthermore, the container will not be released until demurrage is paid.    The increased funding for fiscal year 2016 will allow the Commission to enhance its efforts in addressing both supply chain and port congestion issues. The recovery in the U.S. liner trades continued in 2014, with U.S. container exports and imports worldwide reaching 31 million TEUs in fiscal year 2014, compared to 30.5 million TEUs in 2013. The Commission continues to closely monitor the operation of the alliance agreements on the world's largest container operators that are filed with the Commission. The parties to four agreements account for 96.8 percent of the containerized trade in the Asia-U.S. west coast trades.    To reduce regulatory burdens, the Commission revised provisions from its advanced notice of proposed rulemakings to our OTI rules. Based on the feedback from the industry, Chairman Hunter, and other Members of the Congress, the Commission issued a proposed rule that would lengthen the time of the period for the OTIs to renew their license from 2 to 3 years, and free--and no fee. So, essentially, free of charge. Commission staff is working on recommendations to streamline other parts of our regulations, including those with service contracts and NVOCC service arrangements.    With the funding support that Congress provided for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015, the Commission has made great progress towards creating a modern, user-friendly, and, most importantly, efficient system that can make the agency more productive. With the increased funding for fiscal year 2016, the FMC will be able to continue to--its multiyear enhancement of its IT systems to carry out its congressional mandate.    Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, it is an honor to appear before the subcommittee, and I thank you for your support for the Commission throughout the years, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Cordero. Well, thank you, Congresswoman. I appreciate the question.    Number one, as I quoted a private-sector economist, and that quote came from the Journal of Commerce, and the economist is Walter Kemmsies with Moffatt and Nichol. Very respected economist. And you are absolutely correct; the congestion here at our ports is an issue, not only just here in--for the Nation, but it is a global issue. And, for that reason, in the summer of 2014, I identified the need to hold these congestion forums, and the Federal Maritime Commission proceeded with the assistance of my colleagues on the Commission to hold four forums.    Now, one of our--we have nine basic responsibilities, the FMC. One of them is to monitor the activities of marine terminal operators, port authorities, and the foreign couriers. So this issue would be an interesting question, given what has occurred on the west coast. But let me say this.    Number one, there are systematic causes to congestion. And I think it is fair to say that, as I have indicated--and I have been stating that, once the negotiation was over, that is not going to cure congestion. Absolutely not. And this is something that I shared, and I can represent. Everybody in industry shares that feeling, whether you are a carrier, whether you are a port authority, and whether you are a terminal operator.    So, in essence, let me just highlight three particular ones that are really crucial at this time.    Number one, I mentioned the question of the shortages of chassis. It has been very crucial. Now, on the optimistic side, I believe they are moving forward to a model which eventually--that is going to be tweaked, and that is going to be cured at some point. But, for now, it is a problem.    Number two, last year I testified, and this year I made reference again with regard to the involvement of these mega-alliances, these alliances by the big carriers. And add to that the mega-vessels. When I was a commissioner at the Port of Long Beach at first we had, at best, a 5,000 TEU. That progressed to an 8,000 TEU. And now we have vessels three times as large as a football field. So, essentially, there are problems, and we are hopeful--we, the FMC--to kind of identify what these issues are, and suggest possible solutions, and identify possible bottlenecks to address.    Mr. Cordero. And I will say----    Mr. Cordero. And I just want to stress that this issue that I mentioned, including demurrage, is not an issue isolated to the west coast. This is a major issue at many of our ports.    I will represent to you that the American shippers are very angry at this point with regard to that question. And, hopefully, we will be able to identify some of these issues as part of our congestion study that we are--our staff--is working on.    Mr. Cordero. Thank you for your question, Chairman. First of all, with regard to the environmental component, I can assure the chairman and the committee that this is a very minor part of the FMC, in terms of our staff and the role that we play in, essentially, what we recognize as best practices. And I think, on that, the key question is with development.    So, as a Commission, as a maritime Commission with the objective and the mission of fostering fair, efficient, reliable ocean transportation system, I think sustainable development is a concept that the--not only has the industry embraced, but it is a concept that--it is a global concept that is now being embraced. So I can assure the committee that it is a minor part.    So, essentially, with regard to the agreement component, that is a major role, absolutely. And I think, if I may add, just in the last quarter of 2014 there were 83 agreements filed at the Commission. That is the most agreements filed in--going back 10 years. Total agreements filed with the Commission are 540.    Now, if I may add two other things, two offices are involved with that. It is the Office of Agreements. We only have three people handling that. Once they review and process those agreements, then we have the Office of Economic and Competition Analysis. We have been operating with four economists--recently are adding a fifth. Given the size of the agreements and our main mandate, as you have indicated, we have been operating basically in survival mode.    As to the dispute resolution component, I will say that I have met with many industry stakeholders. I think they have embraced that. It is a cost savings effort, in terms of volunteering informal processes to dispute resolution issues. One issue that we talked about earlier was the demurrage. The demurrage is an issue for the American shippers. They have filed complaints, and some of that I could--it fair to say that the--you know, our dispute resolution component, by way of our department, has been able to work as a mediator to try to comply--or, excuse me, to try to have the parties come forward with a compromise on that.    So, the raise that we seek, the increases, of course, with our nine responsibilities that we have, that I have mentioned, or--a couple of them are major. And I just represent to the fact that we have been operating on survival mode. I mean right now we have 500--excuse me. We have 115 employees.    Mr. Cordero. Well, I think, going back to 1961, in 1961 the FMC, as it is composed today, the objective is to have a Commission and agency to specifically oversee the activities of foreign carriers. Given the globalized world that we have today, it is ever more important to have a well-funded FMC. And I think, going back specifically to 1961, the decision was made at that point, as I understand it, there would be a domestic component that my colleague, Chip Jaenichen, or the administrator handles at MarAd, and it would be the international component, particularly the regulatory aspect of that the FMC handles.    So, if I may respectfully say, it is ever more important to have an FMC to regulate the foreign carriers who bring most of the cargo, if not in the 90th percentile, to our shores.    Mr. Cordero. Thank you.