    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Merriweather, I want to echo my colleagues' sentiment. Your testimony today was truly inspiring, and the courage and confidence that it takes to testify as a young person before Congress, I commend you for that. I also commend you for your advocacy in ensuring that everyone who is listening to this hearing today understands that achieving a high quality education can truly change your life. Thank you for sharing that empowered story.    I wanted to ask you a question. You talked about small class size, additional teacher help, whether it was with your times tables or your reading comprehension, educating you as a whole person beyond just academic rigor.    Can you give a little bit more detail on what it was like transitioning from your first experience in school to the private school that you attended, and what some of those difference were?    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, and congratulations on being the first member of your family to graduate from high school, undergrad, and you are on your way to getting your graduate degree, and thank you to your godmother for encouraging you to achieve the highest quality education that was available to you.    I wanted to shift gears and build off of my colleague, Ms. Bonamici's, question regarding urban and rural, and the differences within the communities. I represent a rural district in upstate New York. I want to get your ideas, Mr. Robinson, on how we can expand educational choices in rural communities, because the model is different for upstate New York than New York City.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you for that. Does technology play a role in how that model may differ? We live in the world of Google hangouts, of a tech based society. I think there are opportunities to modernize how we educate our children using those technological tools.    I wanted to hear if that is part of your thinking in terms of expanding opportunities in rural communities.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you very much. I yield back.