    Mr. Alban. Thank you, Chairman Franks and the Ranking Members. I appreciate the opportunity to testify regarding eminent domain abuse, an important issue that has received significant national attention as a result of the Supreme Court's infamous decision 10 years ago in Kelo v. City of New London.    My name is Dan Alban, and I'm attorney at the Institute for Justice, a nationwide, nonprofit public interest law firm that represents people whose constitutional rights are violated by the government. Among the cases we litigate are cases where homes or small businesses are taken by the government through the power of eminent domain and transferred to another private party who is usually wealthier or better connected.    I have represented property owners across the country, from a nonprofit youth boxing center in National City, California, to an elderly piano tuner in Atlantic City, New Jersey, all of whom are fighting this abuse of the eminent domain power.    Perhaps most notably, we represented the homeowners in Kelo v. City of New London, the notorious 2005 case in which the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that eminent domain could be used to transfer perfectly fine private homes and businesses to a private developer based simply on the promise of increased tax revenue for the city.    But 10 years later, and after $80 million in taxpayer money was spent, the Fort Trumbull neighborhood where Susette Kelo's little pink house once stood is a barren field that is home to nothing but feral cats. The developer abandoned the project, while Pfizer, the intended beneficiary, closed its plant and left New London.    On Kelo's 10th anniversary in late June, law professors and legal observers described the decision as ``truly horrible,'' ``one of the most destructive and appalling decisions of the modern era,'' and ``the worst Supreme Court decision of the 21st century.'' Overwhelming majorities in every major poll taken after Kelo have condemned the result, and it continues to be wildly unpopular 10 years later.    In the wake of Kelo, 44 States reformed their eminent domain laws, but these State-level reforms vary greatly. Some States did little or nothing to reform their laws, and Kelo opened the flood gates for eminent domain abuse, which tripled in the year after the decision was issued. That's in part because Federal law still allows Federal funds to be spent for condemnations for the benefit of private developers, which continues to encourage widespread eminent domain abuse, as I detail in my written testimony.    The Federal Government should not be complicit in an abuse of power already deemed intolerable by most States. Congress should take action to prevent Federal tax dollars from funding projects that abuse the power of eminent domain by taking private property from one person to give to another private party.    Unfortunately, Congress' previous efforts to restrict the use of Federal funds for eminent domain have been ineffective. Immediately after Kelo was decided in 2005, Senator Christopher Bond introduced an appropriations bill amendment which stated that Federal dollars could not be spent on any project where eminent domain is used for economic development that primarily benefits private entities. This language continues to appear in appropriations bills, including the currently pending bill.    But the Bond amendment has no enforcement mechanism, and thus relies on agencies and grant recipients to police themselves. There is no way for individuals to enforce the spending restriction, and it doesn't appear that any agency has ever investigated or enforced a violation of the spending limitation.    Funding restrictions like the Bond amendment will only work if they can be enforced. Any Federal reform must include an enforcement mechanism to halt Federal funding if the funds are used for a prohibited purpose, as well as a private method of enforcement so that homeowners, tenants, or small business owners who are threatened by the abuse of eminent domain can take action to prevent the misuse of Federal funds.    Reform at the Federal level would not only reduce funding for eminent domain abuse nationwide, but it also would send an important message to the American people. When the power of eminent domain is used so that a richer, better-connected person can live or work on the land you used to own, it tells everyday Americans that their hopes, dreams, and hard work do not matter as much as money and political influence.    Commercial developers everywhere need to be told that they can only obtain property through private negotiation, not government force, and that the Federal Government will not be a party to these forced private-to-private transfers of property.    This Committee is to be commended for continuing to examine this misuse of government power, which violates the property rights of many Americans. I encourage you to enact legislation that would put teeth in the funding restrictions to ensure that Federal funds are not used to support the abuse of the eminent domain power.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to testify on this important issue.    Mr. Alban. Thank you very much for the question.    Yes, there is still a strong need for Congress to take action because, as I detail in my written testimony, there are countless examples of Federal funding still being used for projects that engage in eminent domain abuse, taking private property from one person and transferring it to another private person.    The Federal funding that is available is not stopped by many of the State reforms that have been passed after Kelo. There has been a very wide variety of reforms. And in some cases, such as Alabama, the reform that they passed after Kelo has since been repealed.    So there have been some States that have taken very good action and effectively ended eminent domain in their States, but there have been other States, such as New York, that have taken no action at all, and other States that have taken actions, legislative reforms that do very little to protect the property rights of property owners. And I think it's important that Federal taxpayers not fund these continued abuses of eminent domain.    Mr. Alban. Yes, sir.    Mr. Alban. The Institute for Justice generally favors people's constitutional rights being respected by any level of government.    Mr. Alban. I don't think the Institute for Justice has a general position on that. I think in some cases, obviously, local and State governments are more informed about what's going on, and in other cases the Federal Government is more prepared to act.    Mr. Alban. Well, because the proposal that I'm suggesting is not, in fact, the Federal Government acting. It's the Federal Government saying that Federal tax dollars cannot be used for eminent domain abuse. So it is not a one-size-fits-all solution. New York, which has not passed any eminent domain reforms, could still continue to engage in eminent domain abuse, it just couldn't use Federal taxpayers dollars to do it.    Mr. Alban. Sure. I'll give three fairly local examples.    The Berman v. Parker decision took all of Southwest D.C. via eminent domain, and many areas in Southwest D.C. are still being revitalized now, 60 years later. There are large swaths of Southwest D.C. that were never replaced with the proposed developments.    In the testimony by Mr. Echeverria that he submitted, there is an example, the Skyland shopping center in Southeast D.C., in Anacostia, where the land was taken, and they're still searching for an anchor tenant that would be able to allow the property to go forward.    There's also a development in Baltimore.    Mr. Alban. Homes and businesses, yes.    Mr. Alban. Their businesses for the most part, yes.    Mr. Alban. Well, I think it's actually the role of the courts to properly interpret the Constitution and those words, ``public use.'' So I don't think it needs amendment. I think the courts need to give those words the actual meaning they have.    But if you're looking for language that excludes this expansive definition of public purpose, I think you can look to the Bond amendment or to the Private Property Protection Act, which both describe the sorts of takings that are permitted and the sorts of takings that are not permitted.    Mr. Alban. Absolutely, because it clarified that now property could be taken for the explicit purpose of economic redevelopment for the benefit of a private developer who the only public benefit that was being promised was additional tax dollars in the city's coffers.    Mr. Alban. Absolutely it is, yes.    Mr. Alban. Yes, there have been a number of examples. As I was mentioning earlier, in Southwest D.C., almost the entire area was taken through eminent domain, and it is still being transformed and there are still promises about what's going to be done there.    There's the Skyland development in Anacostia. And in a case that I'm handling currently in Atlantic City, New Jersey, there is redevelopment takings around the Revel Casino, which has twice filed for bankruptcy and now closed its doors, but the State redevelopment agency there is still trying to take people's homes for no particular purpose whatsoever. They just want to acquire land around what is now a failed casino.    Mr. Alban. No, certainly not, and there are great inconveniences on homeowners and small business owners when their properties are taken through eminent domain, particularly when it's taken to give to another private party for that private party's personal profit.    Mr. Alban. Yes, I think that's right. I don't know how much of it is directly connected to the Kelo decision, but there has certainly been a severe erosion of rights. We litigate cases involving people's economical liberty, the right to earn a living that is being severely repressed all over the country.    And something that does fall under the scope of property rights that's been a severe problem for people has been the growth of civil forfeiture, where folks have had their property taken without being charged with a crime. So that's another example that we're actively litigating where----    Mr. Alban. In some cases, yes.