    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Secretary Carter, Chairman Dempsey, thank you for your service and thank you for coming for us today.    You know, the President has said that his goal is to destroy ISIS. He has submitted a proposed AUMF. In the AUMF it says a limitation is no enduring offensive ground combat operations. That suggests no significant boots on the ground, sort of a colloquial expression that we use about that.    So my question to both of you gentlemen is can you give examples of wars America has won with sustained success and peace without substantial ground forces in relation to the foe?    Dr. Fleming. Well, if I can interrupt you----    Dr. Fleming. Well, you know, many experts believe that the main reason why we have the ISIS problem we have today is we didn't have a status of forces agreement and we didn't have a stay-behind force.    So again, I will ask you, Chairman Dempsey, can you name the wars that America has won without sustained boots on the ground against a significant foe?    And I do believe--I remember that Boko Haram now has given its allegiance. The forces are growing with ISIS and we know how barbaric they are.    Can you name some examples of wars we have won without boots on the ground?    General Dempsey. We have--historically we have had several campaigns against insurgencies--in the Philippines, for example, back at the turn of the last century and generally our--actually our campaign strategy has been the same as it is today, which is to find a coalition and to find indigenous forces--as we used to call them, now we call them regional partners--to do the lion's share of the lifting because, unless they own it, they will often allow us to own it.    Dr. Fleming. Well, then can you tell us who this--these forces are going to be?    Now I get we are trying to stand up, again, an Iraqi army that fell apart because we left.    But can you explain in other regions outside of Iraq, where we are getting these forces, where they are coming from and when they are going to take action?    General Dempsey. I will. But I don't want to align myself with that we were the cause of the current crisis. I think the Secretary mentioned earlier that Iraq had an opportunity to demonstrate to its population that it would actually work on its behalf of all groups and failed to do that, which provided the environment in which this challenge arose.    We have got a 20-nation coalition; we have--two of--members of which are the Kurdish forces and the Iraqi forces. We have--we are working to develop a moderate Syrian opposition. We are calling it the New Syrian Forces. We are hardening regional allies--you heard some of that discussed moments ago--and it is actually--the reason that the campaign has a defeat mechanism is the coalition. It is not----    Dr. Fleming. Well, again----    General Dempsey . Our activities.    Dr. Fleming . Who are the core forces, who are going to be the core forces, in Syria, for example?    Again, we hear about the Free Syrian Army, which nobody really seems to know who they are. They were referred to, of course, as doctors and pharmacists before and we are going to, I guess, offline train them someplace maybe in Kuwait.    But again ISIS is growing every day; they are killing a number of people in very brutal ways, specifically going after Christians and Jews, so my question is who is this core force that is going to go up against ISIS in the near future?    I am still very vague on who this force is?    Dr. Fleming. Well, I get Iraq. I am talking--in the limited time I have I am talking about Syria now. Who--where are these forces----    Dr. Fleming. Trying to build.    Dr. Fleming. So we really don't know who they are. We don't know the size.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. Chairman, as I yield back, I just have to say we are not finding out who these people are. There is no answer here in this question.    The Chairman. Appreciate.    Mr. Ashford.