    Mr. Carney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the ranking member and to everyone who is here today. This is the biggest panel that I can remember that we have had here before.    Part of our responsibility, I think, for today's hearing is oversight of the FSOC. And as I understand it--I was not here when Dodd-Frank was passed--the primary responsibility of the FSOC was to identify emerging systemic risks. And I would just like to hear from many of you what you see out there as those emerging risks. And can you share those with us?    Why don't we start with Mr. Gruenberg and go to Comptroller Curry in terms of your responsibility as part of the FSOC. What are the emerging risks? What are the systemic vulnerabilities that you are seeing out there?    Mr. Carney. Is there anything that we should be doing or looking at with respect to providing you with the necessary tools? We are going to be talking about a data breach bill later today.    Mr. Carney. The classified briefings that we have had are pretty scary, frankly. And the attacks are coming on a regular basis, on a daily basis.    And frankly, it feels like to me that we are fortunate that we haven't had a more significant attack than what we have had. And I know that institutions are dealing with this on a regular basis.    Comptroller Curry, what would you say in terms of emerging risks or existing vulnerabilities?    Mr. Carney. Thank you.    Chair White, is there anything you would like to add?    Mr. Carney. Thank you.    Director Watt, you and I have had some conversations about the last subject you talked to Mr. Barr about with respect to the GSEs, and I know it has been your view that you are waiting on Congress to act.    What vulnerabilities exist there? Increasingly, the taxpayer or Freddie and Fannie are guaranteeing those mortgage-backed securities. What is your view of the sense of urgency around that issue?    Mr. Carney. We should do something. We should act.    Mr. Carney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.