Congressional Budget Act on the first Monday of February. While timeliness is always appreciated, a budget that spends more, taxes more, and borrows more is not.    Within the President's request is a massive $2 billion, or 18 percent, increase for the IRS. Earlier this month the IRS Commissioner told the Senate Finance Committee that the IRS was not asking for an increase. No. They were just asking for the money that was taken away.    Well, if the Commissioner believes that the IRS is just automatically entitled to $13 billion, I think he is making a mistake, because entitlements are for programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Providing for the national defense is a Constitutional obligation, but even the Department of Defense has to come in and appear before the Appropriations Committee.    They have to justify and defend their requests. They have got to provide reports and briefings and subject themselves to Congressional oversight hearings before Congress and that is before we provide them any funds. So the IRS will have to do the same thing.    I think we all want the IRS to answer the phone most of the time. We want them to prepare forms and instructions. We want them to process returns and process refunds. We want them to pursue criminals and tax cheats.    But I also think we all want the IRS to administer the Tax Code in a fair and objective manner. We want them to respect the Constitutional rights of taxpayers. We want them to safeguard taxpayers from identity theft. We want them to be a good steward of the funds that are provided by this Congress.    And while the IRS has exhibited a litany of questionable practices and expenses over the past 5 years with regard to processing tax exempt applications, bonuses, conferences, videos, and now hiring, what I really want to hear today from you all is how the IRS has or could change its ways.    After 5 years of budget cuts or freezes, I would hope that the IRS has turned over a new leaf, studying its budget line by line, identifying its highest priorities, reengineering its business practices, and concentrating its resources, both people and money, on what matters most.    For example, the Commissioner frequently complains about the audit rate going down. But my question is: Could the IRS do a better job of selecting which cases to audit and which ones not to audit? Has the IRS refined its selection criteria to reduce the rate of false positives, cases that are selected for audit, but do not result in tax liability? Why expend limited resources and burden taxpayers if they are ultimately found to be tax-compliant?    We deliberately lowered the IRS funding to a level to make them think twice about what they are doing and why they are doing it. They do not have a dime to spare on anything frivolous or foolhardy or mediocre. The IRS should and must focus on the most important and most egregious and the most in need.    So, again, we welcome General George and Ms. Olson. We look forward to your testimony and working with you on improving the     And now I would like to turn to my ranking member, Mr. Serrano. I thank him for all the work that he has done last year as we worked together. We didn't always agree, but we brought a bill to the floor. And I appreciate his efforts and insights.    And so I would like to yield to you for any opening statement you might like to make.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And on that note, I just want to say that, had it not been for that last airdrop from the Senate on our bill, you might have seen a different behavior on our side on our bill, which would have been historic in recent times. But, nevertheless, I appreciate the work.    We also have, besides Mr. Quigley, Mr. Fattah and Mr. Bishop; Fattah and Bishop being new members of the subcommittee who will be here sometime during the hearing.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would also like to welcome the Department of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, J. Russell George, and National Taxpayer Advocate, Nina Olson, back to the committee. I know you all are very busy; so, I thank you for making the time to be here today.    The IRS ensures the collection of taxes and provides taxpayer services. Approximately $3 trillion in Federal revenue is collected by the agency each year. The agency employs a staff of around 100,000. These individuals help millions of Americans who file their taxes, process 237 million tax returns, and conduct tax audits and investigations.    Without the work of the IRS staff, the Federal Government would not be able to function, since they collect the vast majority of the revenue that allows that to happen. As many of us are aware, the IRS has implemented the recommendations of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to remedy problems resulting from the inappropriate targeting of liberal and conservative 501(c)(4) entities.    I applaud the agency's undertaking to implement reforms and prevent problems from repeating. With that being said, there are many challenges that the IRS is currently facing. The IRS has been severely underfunded for several years due to budget cuts made by this committee, which I strongly oppose. These budget cuts have made it difficult for the agency to hire and maintain personnel who are essential to carrying out taxpayer services and enforcement and who are the ones who are charged with fixing the problems at IRS.    As a result of understaffing, the IRS is anticipating that, in fiscal year 2015, it will only be able to answer around 50 percent of the calls they receive from taxpayers seeking assistance. That percentage goes up or down, depending on when they release seasonal workers. That is a 57 percent decrease from the level the agency was able to function at over a decade ago in 2004.    The IRS also anticipates being unable to collect $2 billion in taxes owed to our Nation's Government as a result of these cuts. I hope we will get a chance today to discuss the impact of these cuts in your eyes.    The current operating budget is at its lowest since fiscal year 2008 and the lowest funding level since 1998. When adjusted for inflation, since then, the number of filers has increased by 22 percent. New tax responsibilities set forth by the Affordable Care Act and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act passed by Congress are adding to the IRS's growing workload.    The President's fiscal year 2016 request recognizes the need to provide the agency with a workable budget by requesting more than $1.3 billion over fiscal year 2015. I hope this subcommittee will take that request seriously. We, as lawmakers and as members of this subcommittee, are charged with the task of ensuring that the IRS is able to do its job effectively. And, as a result of these cuts, they increasingly cannot.    I am also concerned with the problems families who claim the earned income tax credit, or EITC, face. EITC is a successful national anti-poverty program that helps low-income families obtain much needed financial support. These families make up a large percentage of the IRS audits due to unintentional errors and not fraud. This is mostly attributed to the complexity of the EITC rules and to errors made by commercial preparers. The IRS should implement several changes in order to reduce the EITC error rate and has made some good steps in this process.    As I stated before, cutting the IRS budget will hinder any progress that has been made. I hope that we can assure that the IRS maintains a reasonable budget and is able to make sure that taxpayer programs like the EITC are able to fulfill their mission. I look forward to discussing these and other issues with you today.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. George, IRS employees collected over $3.1 trillion in tax revenue, processed over 242 million returns and other forms, issued $374 billion in tax refunds during fiscal year 2014, which is really nothing short of amazing when you think about it.    In fiscal year 2014, their budget was $850 million less than it was in fiscal year 2010. And with the fiscal year 2015 cut of $346 million, it is now down to 1998 levels when you take into account inflation.    You acknowledge this in your testimony and say that sequestration increased mandates from Congress, and reduced budgets have affected the ability of the IRS to deliver in key areas like enforcement and customer service.    You say in your testimony that--and I quote you--``Budget cuts have resulted in significant declines in the performance of the IRS collection program.''    Let's go into more detail about those cuts. You say that, from fiscal year 2010 to 2014, the budget for the Automated Collection System, ACS, operations and field collections were reduced by $269 million.    Can you explain what ACS is and how those cuts affected it?    And, Ms. Olson, you could also comment on that.    Mr. Serrano. Right.    Mr. Chairman, can I ask one more question?    Mr. Serrano. You know, on one hand, we hear that record numbers of people are signing up through the Affordable Care Act, and that is a good thing. Yet, there are still many people in both houses who would like it to disappear and others would like it to disappear not off the books, but by defunding it or not funding it properly.    So my question to you may sound like the simplest question or a set-up question. What could go wrong if we do not fund properly the Affordable Care Act? I mean, it is the law of the land. It has been, you know, commented on by the Supreme Court. It is not going to go away.    What do we do if it doesn't get--what happens to it--if we begin to talk about bad news where people can't sign up or get hurt, what happens? I mean, we talk about it, but people really haven't analyzed what the full effect would be.    Mr. Serrano. Well, I thank you for your testimony. And, of course, as the chairman said before, I thank you for being here today and for the work you do and your service.    Mr. Serrano. Well, let me first turn to our new colleague that what the chairman is doing, he had an eraser, and he was just erasing things he had written on the wall there. And--you know, Crenshaw was here, that kind of thing.    On a lighter level, I just read where Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are going to make close to $250 million. I think the IRS is going to have with that and Pay-Per-View with HBO and Showtime. I think there will be a little income coming into the Nation's Treasury. I wish I knew what percentages they pay for that kind of money, you know, and does Manny have to pay in the Philippines, and do we have an arrangement with that. But I will ask the Commissioner that.    Let me just talk to you about the EO unit, and follow up on some of the questions that were asked before. That was an area, believe it or not, where we saw bipartisan outrage, and there was a discussion about whether one side was targeted and another side was targeted. It didn't matter. We felt both sides were targeted. On this side we felt both sides were targeted. And we didn't like it. And now your testimony says that changes have taken place in that unit. Then we hear that we are rehiring some people that might have been part of the problem.    So my question to both of you is: What changes have taken place? Should the American people and the Congress feel more confident that this will not happen again, or certainly, you know, can be prevented in the future because it was embarrassing to everyone? And like I said, it was a bipartisan outrage. It wasn't, you know, us against them or them against us. And secondly, budget cuts. Are there now enough people in that unit to be able to take care of the changes that need to be made?    Mr. Serrano. Right.    Mr. Serrano. Well, I think that statement is a good one. I mean, I don't expect you to, of course, say you know, what human nature will be like, or human behavior will be like. But if you in your position feel that it has tightened up, that there are people trying to make sure it doesn't happen again, that certainly is satisfactory to me. I don't know if it is to other members of the committee. Like you say, you can't judge what people will do. I mean, you can certainly put in place rules that make it harder for them to practice it or to do it. Ms. Olson.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I join you for welcoming the Commissioner back before the subcommittee.    We are here today at a very serious time for the Internal Revenue Service. Last year, the IRS budget was cut by $346 million, leaving the Agency at the lowest level of funding since fiscal year 2008. Since fiscal year 2010, the IRS has been cut by more than $1.2 billion. And if some in the other party had their way, it would have been cut even further.    The results of these cuts are predictable. Is it a surprise to anyone that the IRS telephone response rates have plummeted? Is it news to anyone that the IRS is unlikely to collect as many taxes when we reduce their funding in such a ham-handed way? This subcommittee has a constant debate about the impact of additional dollars in the IRS budget. But today we debate the converse: What is the impact of less dollars to the IRS and to this Nation?    We are already finding out. In this fiscal year, the cut of $346 million is expected to result in a $2 billion reduction in taxes collected. The math is simple: For every dollar this subcommittee cuts from the IRS last year, the country lost almost $6 in tax revenue that is owed to it. These are not numbers that can simply be made up by efficiencies, no matter how hard people may try. That is not a sustainable course. As the responsibilities of the IRS grow, we simply cannot keep pretending the IRS can do more with less. The numbers already tell us that they cannot.    And this brings me to the IRS fiscal year 2016 budget request. Your budget requests significant investments in the agencies to reverse the cuts sustained by the agency over the last few years. Your proposal plans to invest in much needed efforts to assist taxpayers to fight against identity theft, to implement the Affordable Care Act and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance and to go after offshore tax cheats.    From your proposed enforcement efforts alone, you expect to collect an additional $3.47 billion by fiscal year 2018. It is our job on the Appropriations Committee to vet the budget request of the administration. And that is what we will do here today. But it is also our job to make sure that agencies have their resources to run effectively. And, with regard to the IRS, we have failed in that responsibility. Moreover, the cuts to the IRS don't just impact the agency or even the American taxpayer; they impact our deficit.    No one here can claim the mantle of fiscal responsibility if they plan to support excessive and harmful cuts to the very agency that brings in more than 90 percent of our revenue. It is time to stop punishing the IRS and time to start reinvesting in the one part of the Federal Government that most Americans have an interaction with.    Commissioner, welcome back, and I look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you so much. I am really interested in your concern about the impact on the next election because the gentleman who could take credit for it is not going to run for reelection. We are going to have a new Presidential election. So it is really interesting who it would affect or help in any way.    For 2015, Commissioner, Congress put the IRS at below the sequester level with a reduction of $346 million at the fiscal year 2014 level. Since 2010, the IRS' funding has been cut by $1.2 billion or 10 percent. When adjusted for inflation, the IRS is now down to 1998 levels. I would like to ask you a question in three parts: What personnel actions do you anticipate having to take in response to these cuts? Secondly, what do you believe the long-term impacts of these cuts will be? And, lastly, how does your request of $12.3 billion begin to repair the damage done by these cuts?    Mr. Serrano. And that is my last comment. I think we have all, probably all of us on this panel, have experienced the changes in the last few years. I remember when filing meant sending in this envelope, you know, that you had to, include a return receipt and hope it would get there on time and that they would tell you that they got it. And now I sign papers and give a check--if I have to give a check--and then I don't see it again until it gets settled. So that is where we want to go, to give everybody an opportunity to do it efficiently, quickly.    But my last comment is, you are so right: If people begin to think that not everybody is being treated equally because we don't have the resources to look like we are or to actually do it, then you are going to have havoc all over the place. And that is not good for us; it is not good for the country; not good for your agency.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. Let me first comment on something you said before because you were pretty fast with the--quick with the microphone.    The reason that the IRS collected more taxes is because more people were filing on their own because the economy is doing better and because we have more taxpayers every day. If the majority party, as I think it will, does something about immigration reform before 2016 election, there will still be even more people paying taxes. And the question is, will they have the resources to be ready to deal with it? And so it is not that we cut their budget and they collected more money and, therefore, we need to keep cutting their budget. It is that more people are filing and many more will file, if we ever do immigration reform, which I have got a little hint that something will happen before the Presidential election on immigration reform. Just a little hint.    And since this subject was brought up, I wasn't going to comment on it. I do have to address it. The 501(c)(4) issue is 2 years old. Despite the numerous personnel changes made at the IRS, new leadership being brought in, and intense scrutiny from numerous investigations that themselves have caused the taxpayers millions of dollars, the majority party acts as if every day is Groundhog Day anytime the IRS is brought up. Furthermore, they exaggerate the number of employees involved. They blame everyone at the IRS for the mistakes of a very small number of individuals. The employees who are there now are the ones we are tasking with turning things around. You would think we would want to help them so they can be successful rather than mindlessly attacking them.    And let me remind this committee that if you look at the comments I have made, which we keep records of, I was as outraged as anyone else that something like this could have happened, did happen, or was happening, you know. I mean, I was not making excuses.    J. Russell George, the IG for tax administration, who looked into the 501(c)(4) issue, indicated that you have been very open with him and that you have an open line of communications with him. We are very pleased to hear this. Please tell us about the changes in the Exempt Organizations Unit and update us on the cost incurred to taxpayers due to all of the investigations.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Are you done?    Mr. Serrano. I understand your point about the criminals, and we all agree on that. But some of the criminals are tax preparers. And if you go into certain neighborhoods, you will see blasted on the window, ``Come in here, and we will get you the best break.'' You know, that is not what they are supposed to advertise. They are supposed to advertise, ``We will file your return.'' And so not everybody goes in saying to a tax preparer in a storefront operation, ``I want to cheat on my taxes.'' But, in many cases, you have someone who says, ``Come in and we will get you the better deal'' and the better deal is the one that he thinks should send some people to--at least to be scrutinized by the authorities.    Mr. Serrano. And they are the largest group, the fair-minded.    Mr. Serrano. The clean guys and ladies are the largest group. But there is still that small group that creates a problem for everyone.    Mr. Serrano. Just one further comment on the subject I mentioned before, just to show you the need to look at this agency as a department that needs resources in the next few years. If we get immigration reform--and this is something my colleague and I have discussed at times--it is pretty much bipartisan belief that you will pay a fine--who they will pay that fine to, the IRS or the Treasury, but that has to be processed. But then a process will be worked out to pay back taxes. It certainly is to them, and that will be huge numbers of people. Then you have people who have been working with a TID number, which is totally proper. And you have people who have been working with somebody else's Social Security number. You know, all of that will have to be sorted out. So when we look at this agency, we don't look at an agency that will have less work to do in the next generation but rather much more work to do.    The request was submitted on the first Monday in February, in accordance with the Congressional Budget Act, for the first time since 2010. While timeliness is appreciated, a budget that spends more, taxes more, and borrows more is not.    At its peak in fiscal year 2009, the deficit was a record-setting $1.4 trillion, or nearly 10 percent of the GDP. The deficit declined in fiscal year 2014 to $485 billion, which is a reduction of $928 billion. But only the most superficial analysis would lead anyone to believe that this is a credible policy accomplishment by the Administration because, as we know, the deficit is the difference between spending--or outlays, as we like to call it--and revenue. When you look closely at what accounts for recent deficit reduction, you will find that increased revenue accounts for about 99 percent of that $928 billion deficit reduction, whereas decreased outlays are only about 1 percent of that.    And if you look more closely at the decreased outlays, all of it is attributable to the discretionary side of the government's ledger. And so in fiscal year 2009 through 2014 discretionary spending decreased, actually went down by $58.8 billion, but mandatory spending increased by $47.3 billion. So that means that all of the spending restraint for the past 5 years is the result of the hard work of the Appropriations Committee under the leadership of our able full committee chairman, Hal Rogers.    Nonetheless, even as the deficit has declined, total public debt outstanding has grown to a record high of more than $18 trillion. The demographic changes underway in this country mean that benefits like Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid enjoyed today, are going to be bills that are paid tomorrow by our children and our grandchildren. And, regrettably, the President's budget does not address the unavoidable question of how to distribute the economic cost of an aging population across generations.    So because of this, Mr. Secretary, I urge you to work with the Budget Committees and the authorizing committees to help lift the yoke off the back of the younger generations of hard-working Americans.    Now, the Treasury Department's budget request for this year is strikingly similar to last year, with the exception of the IRS. Instead of the $1 billion increase, the Department is now requesting a $2 billion increase for the IRS. And you might remember I described last year's request as troublesome, but now that it is a $2 billion request, I would say it is even more troubling.    We are going to have a separate hearing on the IRS, and Commissioner Koskinen will come before the committee, and I think we have made it clear that the IRS has betrayed the trust of the American people. I think they would agree with that. We talked about their need to restore that trust, to earn back that trust. We want to see that happen.    But in spite of that, the request from the IRS this time seeks to pay certain IRS employees salaries and bonuses that are bigger than what is allowable under the civil service system. The request also eliminates some of the requirements that we put in our bill, such as prohibiting the IRS from targeting. That is gone. Reviewing the appropriateness of IRS videos. That is gone. Compliance with the Federal Records Act. That is gone. Guarding against excessive conferences spending. That is gone. Upholding the confidentiality of tax returns. That is not there anymore.    To me, these are commonsense, good government reforms that help heal some of the IRS' self-inflicted wounds. More reforms, however, may be necessary if the incorrect information sent to about 800,000 low-to-moderate-income households foreshadows yet even more difficulties with the administration of the Affordable Care Act.    I am also troubled by the Department's desire to cut funding for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. It seems particularly ill-conceived when we are trying to deal with ISIL. We want to cut off funding for that terrorist group. We think that that ought to be a priority. Monitoring the Iranian economy and financial transactions will be necessary with or without the final nuclear deal and we might need additional economic pressure on Russia if the Ukraine ceasefire doesn't hold up.    The Administration's decision to normalize relations with Cuba, that is causing some concern, especially with regard to the increased people-to-people travel and the trafficking of confiscated properties. That is something we are going to follow closely and carefully.    But still I want to hear, Secretary Lew, what you think are the most important aspects of the President's budget and the Department's budget because I am hopeful we can find some common ground to work together.    In addition, I am interested in hearing a little bit about the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the so-called FSOC. They have adopted some guidance that attempts to improve the transparency with regard to entities under consideration for the so-called SIFI designation, Systemically Important Financial Institutions.    Now, I think that the transparency step is one in the right direction, but the FSOC's actions, as I understand it, don't really address some of the concerns about how it will mitigate systemic risk. I question why the FSOC would not create a process to allow companies, or primary regulators--why wouldn't you let them address the identified risks before designation? It seems to me that would save a lot of time and a lot of resources for the Council, as well as allow everybody to enjoy, and maybe ensure, more economic stability.    And so before you move into your testimony, let me just say one thing about what is going on today in the Supreme Court. As we all know, they were having oral arguments about King v. Burwell, and that case has the potential to outlaw subsidies that are inherent in the Affordable Care Act for millions of Americans who enrolled in the health coverage through the Federal exchanges. And if you recall, the Treasury Department was unprepared under an earlier decision, it was called Loving v. IRS, that determined that the IRS didn't have any authority to regulate paid tax preparers.    King v. Burwell is a lot more consequential and a lot more complicated than Loving v. IRS. And so I hope that the Treasury has a contingency plan in the event of a ruling in King v. Burwell that outlaws subsidies. So I would love to hear if you have any thoughts about how you are going to prevent these millions of Americans from entering a prolonged period of uncertainty surrounding their health care and tax liability if King v. Burwell is decided for the plaintiffs.    These are ordinary and customary questions that any prudent organization would undertake to manage their legal risk, no different than the contingency plans that Treasury, FSOC, and other financial regulators are asking from the private sector for all sorts of possibilities.    And last thing, Mr. Secretary, I just want to take a minute to highlight some landmark legislation that was signed into law late last year. It was called the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act, or the ABLE Act. What that did was create 529 savings accounts for people with disabilities. It actually levels the playing field for millions of Americans who are going to be allowed to use tax-free savings accounts for certain expenses, just like they can save money for retirement or save money to go to college.    And as you may know, the States are responsible for administering the program, but the Department needs to issue regulations. And I am hopeful that the Department will meet that statutory requirement and hopefully the States can move as quickly as possible, because there are millions of Americans that are going to have a door open to a brighter future.    So, again, let me thank you for taking the time to be here today. I look forward to hearing your testimony.    And now let me turn to the ranking member, Mr. Serrano, for an opening statement.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to join you in once again welcoming Secretary Lew before the subcommittee to discuss the Department's budget for fiscal year 2016.    The Treasury Department is at the center of our economic recovery plan, plays an important role in the implementation of some of our most important public policy initiatives, like the Affordable Care Act and Dodd-Frank, manages our Nation's finances, and works to enforce our tax laws fairly. I have not mentioned everything, but it is plain to see that this is a diverse set of responsibilities.    Your budget request attempts to improve funding levels for many parts of your work, but let me highlight just a few. First and foremost, your budget attempts to restore the devastating budget cuts that hit the IRS in fiscal year 2015. The IRS estimates that the $346 million in cuts suffered last year will result in $2 billion less in revenue collected and in fewer services to honest taxpayers trying to get their questions answered by the IRS. In other words, we are increasing the tax gap and making things more confusing for taxpayers.    Regardless of your feelings regarding the handling of the IRS' problems, this is not a recipe for success. We cannot keep pretending that less investment in the IRS is somehow going to increase compliance and lower the tax gap. That is why I applaud your efforts to restore IRS funding to more sustainable and effective levels.    Additionally, you request a modest increase for the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. The CDFI Fund has helped invest hundreds of millions of federal dollars in my congressional district since its creation 20 years ago, and it has been an important driver of economic development in my district, in the Bronx, and in other underserved communities. Although I am concerned the Department has once again recommended the elimination of the BEA program, I am heartened that we all agree about the importance of the work that the CDFI Fund does every day.    Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not mention the Department's important role in implementing the President's groundbreaking change to our ineffective Cuba policies. I look forward to working with you and with the Office of Foreign Assets Control to make sure that there are no problems with the implementation of these efforts.    Secretary Lew, I know that this change in Cuba policy is historic. Some of us thought it would never happen. It entails a lot of changes and a lot of great possibilities for both of our countries, and we will be working with you to make sure this goes as smoothly and possible. And I thank you for your being here today.    Mr. Serrano. Secretary Lew, before we move to your fiscal year 2016 request, I would like to revisit momentarily 2014 and 2015 with you. Specifically, I would like you to speak about the impact of the deep cuts in the IRS budget. When inflation is taken into account, the IRS is now down to 1998 levels. What are the short- and long-term ramifications of continuing to reduce the ability of the IRS to accurately and efficiently collect tax revenues?    Mr. Serrano. Yeah, well, let me just go on the record once again as saying that I agree with you, and I have agreed with people in the past who have said the same or similar things to what you just said.    You know, there are some cuts you don't like, some cuts you don't like and you know they make no sense. These cuts make no sense because eventually we hurt ourselves. We are supposed to be collecting more money, not breaking it down so you can't collect.    Let me move on to one of my favorite subjects, one that I am very pleased with, the new regulations and the attempt at a new relationship with Cuba. Without telling me anything about secret negotiations that you can't tell me, although we Members of Congress think we should know everything, how is that going and what are the changes that you feel your Department will play a role in if we continue this road of normalizing relations with Cuba?    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, let me just take a few seconds to just get thoughts from the Secretary. And I know that this is kind of out of left field. But one of the things that has always stuck in my mind is that for 50-odd years Cuban artists have not received royalties for the music we hear in this country, for instance. I am sure it may happen with other countries. That is not something that government is holding or would do accounting for.    Do you think that that will be on the table as part of the discussion? I mean, we are talking about a lot of money. And who would hold that money on paper? Would it be ASCAP?    Mr. Serrano. I would appreciate that. I would imagine it is with ASCAP or one of these agencies. But we are talking about a lot of money for over 50 years that not a cent has been sent because we couldn't send money over there.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, sir.    Thank you.