    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. But use your influence with the majority so they don't close out the voting before I get there. Thank you for holding this hearing.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Well, Mr. Allison and Ms. Book, I want to get to the issue of the day here, which has to do with these allegations and what your agency does when these allegations arise. So I would like to explore with you a little bit about the authority that the agency has when there are allegations of misconduct. Okay?    First of all, do these air marshals have to have security clearances?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So if there are allegations of a serious breach of conduct, can the agency sort of suspend a clearance on an individual?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. I was going to ask you about that issue, about without pay.    Let me understand this. So, at the point that the allegation is made, what has to take place before a decision is made, even before the investigation is thoroughly conducted, is that the security clearance is suspended, that the individual is not working in that capacity.    Does that happen before the investigation is completed, or do you have to go through the investigation in order to do that?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So the allegations that are part of this hearing and the reason for this hearing, do they represent the kinds of allegations that would cause the agency to take away the security clearance, put the individual's status in suspension, and/or also stop the pay?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Uh-huh.    So, in your experience and with your knowledge, do you believe that you have all the authority that you need to deal with these issues as they come to your attention? Or is there something that is lacking that you need that would help you facilitate the resolution of these issues dealing with these infractions?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Yeah.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Well, I have to tell you, I am very expressed with your testimony about your being proactive about your trying to create an environment of professionalism, how you are both thinking as well as training as well as holding accountable. So I thank you for answering the questions.    I thank you for my time, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.