    Mr. Peters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank you, Chairman Wittman as well, and Mr. Courtney. I thank you all for making yourselves available again today.    In July, 2010 these two same subcommittees convened to discuss Navy readiness and 2 years have passed since the USS Chosin, which is now homeported in San Diego undergoing modernization, and the Stout had been deemed unfit for combat operation because of the readiness condition.    In March 2009, the Readiness Subcommittee examined issues the Navy faced in sustaining its surface warships with their expected life and beyond. The Navy reported at that hearing that it had been taking material steps to address gaps in ship maintenance funding and to assess ship material conditions.    So today, over 6 years later, we are continuing to discuss not only the readiness concerns of the Navy's non-nuclear service ships, but also shortfalls in naval aviation, expeditionary forces, and other aspects of readiness. As members of the subcommittees heard on Monday in Norfolk, the Navy now faces readiness concerns with its submarine force as well. A lack of readiness resonates with our ability to keep Americans safe and confront new and dynamic threats across the globe. And as our Navy executes its pivot to the Pacific, while still carrying out operations against the Islamic State, there has never been a more crucial time to have a well-equipped, well-trained force.    These readiness issues of course as Mr. Courtney said did not arise overnight. What the Navy is experiencing now, and what the subcommittees are attempting to fix in the 2017 defense bill, are the consequences of years of high operational tempo experienced by a smaller fleet--again, happy anniversary. I think it is an appropriate time to recognize high operational tempo--and fewer aircraft with experienced sailors and civilian employees to sustain them.    The Navy is grappling with these past decisions that reduce waterfront maintenance organizations and shore infrastructure, process changes to force-wide ship maintenance practices and training processes, and the failed Optimum Manning Initiative in efforts to derive efficiencies instead of pursuing and insisting upon effectiveness.    So the Navy began responding to declining material readiness conditions by increasing manning, improving training, providing enduring technical oversight of maintenance, and reestablishing clear lines of authority and accountability, but the efforts were rendered less effective as Mr. Courtney suggested by the sequestration in 2013.    So when coupled with reductions in skilled personnel at aviation depots and fleet shipyards, severe challenges in obtaining spare parts for legacy systems, late receipt of funds due to the failure of Congress to reach a budget agreement, and high operational tempo required by the complex security environment, to put it lightly, it is not surprising we are dealing with what some call a readiness crisis.    In an era of new and dynamic threats it is our responsibility to navigate these challenges and provide for a 21st century force that has the tools and capabilities to respond to security threats anywhere, anytime, and I welcome the opportunity today to hear from our witnesses about some of the challenges you are facing. And I encourage my colleagues to seriously consider the long-term financial commitments that accompany the readiness solutions that we are proposing in the fiscal year 2017 authorization bill, which will soon go to conference with the Senate.    Thank you again for being here gentlemen, and thank you Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Peters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Mr. Courtney, they don't always say I am to your left.    That is hard to do    I want to, I did have a quick question for Captain Odenthal about the MILCON budget. In your written testimony, there were some--some issues that you made about the decreases, and maybe you could tell us where you are feeling those decreases the most. And in particular, preparing for new ships like the LCS --maybe you can give us a little thumbnail about how MILCON decreases are affecting you.    Captain Odenthal. Thank you for your question.    I am really here representing the Naval Construction Force, and I don't have--can't really speak to the overall MILCON budget of the Navy and how that is affecting the LCS platform.    Mr. Peters. Well, maybe then within your purview, you could tell us kind of how the MILCON----    Mr. Peters. Yes, sure.    Mr. Peters. Sure. Okay. All right.    Mr. Peters. Right. And then I guess I would also reference the Career Intermission Program , the innovative program for retention. And maybe Captains Robertson and McRae might talk a little bit about what you are hearing. Maybe you touched on this before with the OPTEMPO and all that, but what are some of the issues that you are having, what do you hear from your crew about the reason that they--maybe the number one reason that they don't serve longer?    Captain Robertson. Well, thank you for your question.    Speaking just from within my own lifelines, within the ship, you know, we are really starting to groom a very competitive force with the sailors that we do have. And so, we--we weigh performance very heavily. And so there is really an onus on the sailors and a desire to really perform. Because if you don't perform, you are not even going to have the option to actually be able to stay in.    We are looking for sailors that perform at a high level. That really goes to making sure we have a very talented and very capable force.    So, the sailors that do want to get out, you know, I have actually done a number of these over the last couple of months, interviewing them. And none of them are getting out due to dissatisfaction with what they do. They love being in the Navy, but they have other aspirations outside the Navy, or for possible family reasons that they want to get out.    But out of all the interviews, again, within my lifelines, I have done onboard my ship, no one is getting out because they are unhappy with what they do.    Captain McRae. Yes, sir.    From my perspective on the submarine force, I would say first and foremost, this is a difficult business that we do. We ask a lot of our sailors and of our officers and we ask a lot of our families.    But everyone, most everyone, that I encounter understands that when they sign up. They recognize the challenge. Frankly, for many of them that is why they choose the service, so they can come in and essentially test themselves and provide everything they can in support of the Nation, to really see how they fall out when ranked against some very competitive people.    So many of us are attracted to that challenge. But over the years it does take a toll as you know. And it does start to have an impact on both the individual and the family. In terms of biggest impact, though, I would tell you, at the deck-plate level, my perspective is uncertainty and instability, whether it be in operational schedules, whether it be in budgets and continuing resolutions, whether it be in shifts in locations of depot availabilities, homeport changes, last-minute modifications, and frankly our permanent change of station orders process, where we used to be able to get sailors' orders a minimum of 6 months prior to their transfer, and now we are routinely seeing that inside 3 months that they have for themselves and their families to prepare to move, many times cross-country--that has a significant impact and causes significant strain for the family and the sailor.    In some cases it seems as if we write that off as a cost of doing business based on the current fiscal uncertainty and instability but I would argue that that shouldn't be placed on the backs of our sailors and their families. So it is the uncertainty and instability I think that really has the biggest detrimental impact.    Mr. Peters. I think that is a consistent response we hear to the budget issues and the way we have handled the budget over the past few years, from across the spectrum of people dealing with the military and inside the military.    I guess maybe--Captain Odenthal--just ask you, invite you to give, sir, your take on your readiness challenges in your particular field and also maybe comment specifically on the overall Seabee force. It has been cut by quite a bit. Maybe you can tell us what deployment locations are not being supported, the cuts, how they are affecting your ability to train effectively, retain critical skill sets.    Captain Odenthal. Thank you very much. You mentioned our reduction in the force. So we have gone over coming out of 15 years of war, we have reduced the size of the Seabee force from what was 21 Naval Mobile Construction Battalions, which is our main--our main unit of action is a Naval Mobile Construction Battalion, an NMCB. We had 21; we have reduced over the last 5 years down to 11.    Of that, nine were Active Duty battalions. We are down to 6 on the Active side, and we went from 12 down to 5 on the Reserve side as well. So that is close to a 50 percent reduction of the force and what we have available in Seabee units. With that, today, the size of our force at 11 battalions is sized properly for our response to operational plans and we have that ability to support the plans required in major conflict.    We also, with those units, support the combatant commanders with forward forces as well. We have gone down to--right now we have deployed 2 battalions of Active Duty Seabees that are always forward deployed out of the force of 6 battalions as well as about 200 Reserve Seabees that we have mobilized at this point now, and that we use for OCO missions as well in the Central Command and Africa Command area as well.    So with that we have gone from--our ability was we would maintain three Active Duty battalions forward deployed at any one time as well as, during the war effort, usually a full Reserve battalion forward for four; we are down to that 2.3 as we say now, 2.3 battalions we keep forward.    With that we still maintain those forces across the globe. We support those perhaps at the same sites that we did in the past but at reduced numbers, and when it comes to the requirements that we are asked for, for the COCOMs and the global force management, we are supporting about 80 percent of what is requested from the COCOMs--that additional piece goes back to the combatant commanders and they have the ability to look at other services as well for engineer resources.    I can't really speak to what the impact is of that unable to support the last 20 percent that the combatant commanders take.