    Mr. White. Thank you.    Mr. White. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and Mr. Ranking Member, Members of the Committee for the invitation to testify today. As you mentioned, I have a great deal of experience doing research on the mortgage market and on the foreclosure crisis. And I did want to mention that for 24 years I represented low income homeowners in foreclosure cases in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.    I make a number of points in my written testimony. I would like to just focus my 5 minutes on two points about legal aid organizations and housing counselors. And to say, first of all, that directing money to these groups is an effective and perhaps the most effective way of remedying the injury that the Federal lawsuits were designed to remedy. That is, to compensate both homeowner consumers and as well investors who lost billions, possibly trillions, of dollars as a result of the fraud that is the subject of the lawsuits.    The second point I want to make is about the accountability of legal aid and housing counseling agencies because I have both personal and professional knowledge about that. So let me first talk about effectiveness. There is considerable empirical research, and I cite it, that demonstrates that having a housing counselor or a legal aid lawyer, for example, for the Delaware couple that the Chairman mentioned earlier, will greatly increase the chances of a successful workout with the bank, so that a thousand or two spent on a housing counselor or a legal aid lawyer can save the homeowner's home and prevent a loss that is typically going to run in the hundreds of thousands of dollars for the bank and for the investors. And I do not think there is really any controversy about that.    I would also like to say that most of the housing counseling agencies are not these activist groups that we hear about. For example, I believe in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, the primary housing counselor is Consumer Credit Counseling of Northeast Pennsylvania, an organization I am a little bit familiar with because of some foreclosure crises that occurred in the Poconos while I was practicing.    The consumer credit counseling agencies were set up originally funded by the banks to advise consumers on how to deal with unmanageable credit card debt. And after the foreclosure crisis, they began to get into the business of helping people navigate their way through the very difficult process of workouts with banks. So the consumer credit counseling services, some of the faith-based organizations, veterans groups. There are lots and lots of groups that are both very effective at this work and that I think if Bank of America and Citibank choose to fund them and to avoid activist groups, they can certainly do that.    On the accountability point, there have been some settlements at the State level. State attorneys general have done things similar to what Justice has done with this settlement in directing funds to legal aid and housing counseling networks. And I spoke with somebody I know who helps to administer the New York Attorney General's program, and she assures me that every contract with every housing counselor and every legal aid agency specifies exactly what they can and cannot do with the funds.    And, of course, we do not know what Bank of America or Citibank's contracts with whoever they choose to fund are going to provide. But there is every expectation that they are going to restrict the use of the funds to the activities specified in the settlement. And I can tell you from experience that those kinds of non-profits, housing counselors, and legal aid organizations do detailed cost accounting.    We kept time records in which we accounted for every 10 minutes of every hour and specified what activity we were engaged in, and which funding source was paying for that activity. And I can certainly assure you that if we violated the terms not only of government funding at the Federal or State level, but even private funding from foundations, our auditors would point that out, and we would have a problem. And the housing counseling agencies typically operate on that model. They are very carefully overseen and audited.    Part of the difficulty with this hearing is we do not really know exactly how the banks are going to administer these programs. And as far as I know, I do not think they have gotten very far. From everything I have heard from inquiring, they have not actually picked who the groups are going to be and how they are going to administer the funds. It is a relatively small portion obviously of the programs they have to implement. But I have every expectation that the banks will establish the same kind of contractual restrictions that we have seen in other settlements. And so, so the idea that a small amount of money is going to be misdirected toward political activism seems to me unlikely in the extreme.    So I did want to focus on the counseling agencies on the legal aid providers because I think that a lot of the publicity about this issue has really been unfortunate in mischaracterizing who they are and what they do. And they are, as I say, an extremely effective and useful means of remedying the wrong that these lawsuits were intended to remedy.    So with that, I will answer any questions you might have.    Mr. White. That is not a total coincidence. I grew up in State College.    Mr. White. Well, I guess I would say I respectfully disagree with a couple of your points.    Mr. White. As far as the constitutional issue about appropriations, that is not really my specialty. I will say I do teach remedies, and the idea that----    Mr. White. I do not think that is a characterization of what the Justice Department is doing here. I do not think they are appropriating taxpayer funds. I think they are----    Mr. White. If I could continue----    Mr. White. I would be totally in favor of Congress appropriating more funds for housing counseling and legal services.    Mr. White. Listen----    Mr. White. With all due respect, those two approaches are not mutually exclusive. Negotiating remedies for victims in lawsuits and Congress appropriating funding for similar activity, those are both----    Mr. White. Well----    Mr. White. That is a compound question. I would object----    Mr. White. They are not left-leaning organizations, first of all. Secondly, the Justice Department is not, as I understand it, proposing to appropriate any taxpayer funds. They are simply negotiating restitutionary relief, which State attorneys general and the Justice Department does all the time. Not only do you seek an award of fines that are paid to the Treasury, but you seek restitution to be paid to the victims of the misconduct.    Mr. White. I am sorry. Would you mind repeating the question?    Mr. White. Well, I certainly disagree. I guess on the constitutional point, I think where I could see a reasonable debate, to Mr. Frank's point, about particular cy pres remedies. But the general concept that in settling litigation you try and compensate the victims of the harm and you figure out the most effective and direct way of doing that, that is a completely uncontroversial principle. So I just think it is very farfetched to characterize the Justice Department's settlement here as appropriating taxpayer dollars.    And as far as money being directed to favor groups or to left wing groups, I mean, I just do not understand the factual basis for that when it is the banks. And I am curious to know why we did not ask the lawyers for the banks to come and tell us what they are going to do with the money because it is really up to them.    Mr. White. No, it is a serious problem, and there has been research about that as well. There is a study by the Brennan Institute for Justice on the number of homeowners who have legal counsel in foreclosure, and it is far too few obviously. It is also the case that there are many homeowners, like the couple in Delaware that was mentioned earlier, who try and deal with the banks without help from either housing counselors or legal aid lawyers.    And the evidence is very clear that you get a better result not just for the homeowner, but for the bank and the investor when you can either get an agreeable workout where the borrower pays off their loan perhaps at a lower interest rate or even where the homeowner has to surrender their house, sell it in a short sale, give a deed in lieu. All of those scenarios facilitated by those non-profits is going to save hundreds of thousands for each homeowner and for the investors in that mortgage loan. So it is just an extremely effective way to use these funds to try and compensate the victims of the financial fraud.    Mr. White. Yes, absolutely, and there is more than one study that has demonstrated that. And I think it is important to keep in mind that we still have over 2 million families who are either seriously delinquent or in foreclosure now, and there are a lot of preventable foreclosures that could be prevented.    And coming back to some points made to the Chair about the level of appropriation, I mean, there are plenty of reasons that Congress needs to be careful about how much is appropriated for various functions. But the fact is, in my view, both the legal service organizations representing homeowners and the housing counselors could effectively use more money than they are receiving from all sources, from private, State, Federal. They are underfunded.