    Ms. JENKINS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. Cohen, for being here with us today.    Ms. JENKINS. The recent developments and failings of Obamacare's CO-OP Program are extremely disconcerting to me and should be for all Americans. Hard earned taxpayer money has once again been wasted with now almost half of all the CO-OPs resulting in failure.    And according to the Office of Inspector General, many more CO-OPs remain at risk of shutting down. This is not only a disaster for all of Americans who have lost their health insurance plan, but also for the American taxpayer. Billions of dollars of taxpayer funding has been wasted; hard earned taxpayer dollars were wasted on a program that was improperly designed at the most fundamental level.    This is exactly the sort of thing that I and so many others warned about during the debate on Obamacare. When the government gets so deeply entangled in the private sector, things go badly.    Now we must seek to understand what led to the massive failure and what, if anything, we can do moving forward to avoid the situation in the future.    Dr. Cohen, CMS joined by State regulators allowed certain CO-OPs to reclassify their start-up loans as surplus notes, as the chairman noted. This means that CO-OPs would be able to categorize these loans as equity rather than liability on their balance sheet, essentially allowing some CO-OPs to appear to satisfy CMS' 500 percent risk-based capital requirement.    Of course, the truth is the underlying economic substance of the CO-OP has not been changed. This is basically an accounting trick. Can you tell us and give us any idea how popular this shell game is with the remaining CO-OPs?    So how many States applied for a start-up conversion?    Ms. JENKINS. Do you know which States?    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. If you can put your finger on it relatively quickly. If not, if you can get that to the committee.    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. How many States were granted a start-up conversion?    Ms. JENKINS. So all seven of those States were granted.    Ms. JENKINS. How many States have applications for a start-up conversion pending?    Ms. JENKINS. Can you get those to us and which States are pending?    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. How many were rejected for a start-up conversion?    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. Do you know how many of the remaining CO-OPs would have failed the risk-based capital test but for their participation in the start-up conversion process?    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. Can you try to get us that?    What specific monitoring and oversight activities has CMS conducted for those specific CO-OPs that would not have met the risk-based capital test without the start-up conversion process?    Ms. JENKINS. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Cohen.    I yield back the balance of my time.