    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to the witnesses being here. I've got a couple of questions, but first, I was--as we were listening to the testimony, I was reading over the testimony and I started wondering when does the madness actually come to an end? And as a small business owner for 20 years, I experienced the impact overregulation has on the small business community, whether it be environmental regulations, it being the IT business, affected my customers, whether it be health regulations brought on by the Affordable Care Act, which affected my customers, or whether it be Dodd-Frank, which affected everyone. I definitely saw the impact of overregulation.    But as I was reading over some of the testimony here, something--a question came to me as who gains? Who's going to gain from all of this? We had testimony here in this Committee that the average American family, the average American family pays $15,000 a year in hidden regulatory cost. Another report said that the 60 percent, 60 percent of the cost of a new home is due to government regulation.    So I'm wondering with all of this who actually gains, and then I read something in Ms. Kerrigan's testimony, which may indicate who gains from this. It was dealing with the Waters of the United States. When--I think the testimony said that there'll be $158 million in new permits that I would assume the EPA would be collecting those funds. So I think it's clear who gains in some of this regulation. It's not the consumer, it is not the individual citizen, it's the government. The government is the one that gains. But on to my question.    I did find a ray of hope as I was reading over the--I hope there's a ray of hope here as I was reading over some of the written testimonies. And Ms. Callahan writes in her written testimony ``Many stakeholders would like the U.S. Department of Energy to find ways to increase transparency with respect to the data and models it uses to make performance and energy-saving calculations. More transparency could help stakeholders make more informed contributions to the standards process and perhaps, more importantly, help prevent situations that lead to litigation and delay. Simply put, process pays dividends beyond energy savings.''    This is refreshing because definitely we need--we need more transparency, and if--what I'd like to ask of Ms. Kerrigan, Mr. Bosworth, and Mr. Batkins is are you seeing more transparency? Do we need to look for more transparency? Because, let me tell you, even with subpoena power, this committee is having a hard time getting transparency from these agencies, especially the EPA, who fails to respond to our requests for their data, for their models, for information. And so my first question is do we need--do you see a need for more transparency? And are these agencies looking? Ms. Kerrigan?    Mr. Loudermilk. Right.    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, thank you. Since I'm----    Mr. Loudermilk. --running out of time, let me skip to the second question----    Mr. Loudermilk. --and hopefully, we can get the other two to weigh in on both of these is even with subpoena power we're having a hard time getting transparency. So as we bring these stakeholders in for these meetings, are they having the transparency? And as I--as some of the testimony says, this--again, Ms. Callahan writes, ``These standards are proof that even when dealing with the biggest impacts, regulation in this context can work and result in the benefits to all stakeholders.'' By saying we're bringing them in, the stakeholders buy into this, but are the stakeholders getting the information they need, and is the choice that they're given equating to would you rather be shot or hung and not giving a third option? Mr. Bosworth?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. Mr. Batkins, would you like to weigh in on either of those?    Mr. Loudermilk. Is----    Mr. Loudermilk. Sure. And then I'll yield back, Mr. Chairman, after----    Mr. Loudermilk. --her comments since I'm out of time.    Mr. Loudermilk. And it ain't hidden.