    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I certainly agree with my colleague from Virginia in his description this is a catastrophic compromise.    Ms. Archuleta, it appears that OPM did not follow the very basic cybersecurity best practices, specifically such as network segmentation and encryption of sensitive data. Should the data have been encrypted? Can you address that?    Mr. Walker. You said may not have been. But that didn't answer the question should have been encrypted and could that have been another line of defense?    Mr. Walker. I want to delve a little further in just a moment, but let me ask this.    Ms. Archuleta, what consequences should CIO's face for failing to meet such a baseline of cybersecurity standard on their networks? May I hear your thoughts on that?    Mr. Walker. I am not sure that the American people are content with the pace of how we are all working together.    I want to speak a little bit to EINSTEIN. I have heard several different comments today regarding it and my question is even if EINSTEIN is a necessary component to effectively defending the system, I believe the private sector is really already moving on this kind of technology. Is that a fair question? And what is the DHS doing to keep pace with its attackers? Dr. Ozment?    Mr. Walker. And it seems to be that you are more excited or more confident in the EINSTEIN, what is it, 3A version? Is that going to be more solid as far as keeping the attackers out?    Mr. Walker. And I even heard you earlier say something about how even that system needs to be supplemented with others, is that correct?    Mr. Walker. And there lies my problem, because even on the DHS's own Web site, when talking about EINSTEIN 3, it says it ``prevents malicious traffic from harming networks.''    Now, if that is not all-inclusive, should not we be understanding that before today's hearing? Why are we just now getting this information that this may not be enough to prevent such, as we said earlier, catastrophic compromise?    Mr. Walker. And who is responsible for posting this information on the Web site of the DHS?    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.