    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member.    Thank you, panelists, for your time and your tireless work on behalf of farmers.    I have a question for Under Secretary Taylor. This is related to drought. This past year, the Virgin Islands was hit by a severe drought with rain levels very well below average since last October, and we had, as a result of that, we had enumerable livestock fatalities due to a lack of grazing and feed.    I was encouraged that USDA was able to provide assistance, and an official drought disaster declaration was made for the Island of St. Croix, although it didn't happen for the Islands of St. Thomas and St. John, and I understand that was due to the acreage and the amount of farmers that were on those islands. And we are pleased that help is on the way, although, of course, our farmers would like a little more assistance than just loans at this time.    One of the problems that we had in this process was that the Virgin Islands is not included in the U.S. Drought Monitor and does not have a Drought Monitor classification, which is part of your program eligibility requirements before disaster is declared. It took a great deal of special arrangements on behalf of our office and my staff to make that happen, and I want to know how this process is supposed to work and how can it be done more smoothly and why the Virgin Islands might have been kept off and what can we do to ensure that this is rectified in the future.    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Thank you.    Thank you, sir.    Ms. Plaskett. You need to. You have an open invitation.    Ms. Plaskett. As well as the Under Secretary, and come during the months of November to March. I think that will be the best time for you to come, don't you?    Ms. Plaskett. I appreciate that. And can I ask, with regard to those loans that were given to our farmers and for the loans that farmers have, we were talking about FSA monitoring their service. Are they servicing the loans? Are they able to buy/sell those loans? How does that work?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. And then I had a question for Mr. Willis, and this is regarding in terms of the Risk Management Agency.    One of the things that I note as one of the essential tools for farmers in anticipating and avoiding some of the things that we talked about, drought, disaster, is insurance. And particularly in the Virgin Islands, where we have small diversified farms, we recognize that this insurance is really helpful, particularly for new farmers as they are starting up.    Can you talk about ways that RMA can help to strengthen and stabilize an island's farm economy as it is trying to build itself and grow?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you so much.    And, Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Crawford, for 5 minutes    Ms. Plaskett. Yes thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning everyone. I had a question for you, Administrator Rikkers about REAP, about Rural Energy for America Program projects. It has had a good bit of history under its belt by this time, and I wanted to ask you what do you find to be the projects that you are focusing most on; and how does that differ from projects potentially 5 years ago? What is the trend now?    Ms. Plaskett. Rikkers. Thank you.    Ms. Plaskett. And what are farmers and your applicants, what kind of projects are they most interested in right now?    Ms. Plaskett. Well, I am very interested in the project particularly in an area like the Virgin Islands which has limited resources in terms of fossil fuel energy that we are able to use. The cost is really astronomical. And we have the natural resources that would make alternative energies a really good place.    And how do we capitalize on that for our farmers to be able to be much more productive. We have a 31 percent child poverty rate, and we have rural farmers who are really committed to getting the technical assistance and support to be able to be part of some of our nutrition programs and support for their own communities rather than also feeding those outside to really make that leap, so your program would be something that I know we would be interested in.    Madam Under Secretary, one of the questions I had for you was in terms of the large portfolio of loans that you do, $200 billion invested, upwards of $20 billion alone assisting rural areas throughout the United States. I addressed and spoke with your Secretary, Secretary Vilsack, written to him about the support that is needed for those areas which really have a great need of rural development areas. Most of my colleagues here who come from rural areas understand the need for your agency in particular and how important it is for basic infrastructure and support, not just in terms of utilities, but municipal buildings, schools and such.    Can you tell us a little bit--I know that my time is running out--how that can be helpful to places like the Virgin Islands and others which are really isolated. We haven't had a school built in over 30 years because we just cannot on our own support budgets like that.    Ms. Plaskett. I am looking forward to working with you on that and any support that you can give. And thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for the time.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, I want to thank you for mentioning Second Harvest of south Georgia. My colleague Sanford Bishop and I have both had the privilege of representing the communities that they serve, and we were both there for the ribbon cutting; and that is a wonderful mission that those people take very seriously, and they take action to make sure that people have the food that they need across a large geographical area. And while it might be the second largest in terms of meals served, it probably serves the largest geographic area of most of the food banks in the country. So thank you for acknowledging them.    Many of my questions have been asked. I look forward to the responses on the risk-sharing and the percentage of risk that we are taking versus the private-sector and the loans that we guarantee. I had questions about the zeroing out of the President's budget which were asked by Mr. Thompson just before it came over to me.    I guess one of the questions I have, when we look at the budget, is there a difference in the workload of the agency among the direct lending, the participation lending, or a grant? Or is it about the same amount of work per procedure?