    Mr. McClintock. Thank you.    Ms. Goldfuss, as one political science major to another----    Mr. McClintock. You are addressing something that you are obviously very seriously concerned about.    I noted that on November 2 the Washington Post carried this report, ``The Arctic Ocean is warming up, icebergs are growing scarcer, and in some places, the seals are finding the water too hot,'' according to a report to the Commerce Department yesterday. Reports from fishermen, seal hunters, and explorers all point to a radical change in climate conditions and hitherto unheard-of temperatures in the Arctic zone. Exploration expeditions report that scarcely any ice has been met as far north as 81 degrees 29 minutes. Soundings to a depth of 3,100 meters showed the Gulf Stream still very warm. Great masses of ice have been replaced by moraines of earth and stones, the report continued, while at many points well-known glaciers have entirely disappeared. Very few seals and no whitefish are found in the Eastern Arctic, while vast shoals of herring and smelts, which have never before ventured so far north, are being encountered in the old seal fishing grounds. Within a few years it is predicted that due to the ice melt, the sea will rise and make most coastal cities uninhabitable.    Is this the crisis you are referring to?    Mr. McClintock. And how long has this been reaching a critical condition?    Mr. McClintock. Specifically to address the catastrophic warming that this report refers to.    Mr. McClintock. Perhaps the reason is because it was November 2, 1922 that the Washington Post carried this article. I think we can agree that global warming has been going on for a long time. It has been going on and off since the last Ice Age.    In fact, I attended the President's address at Yosemite this past year. I was struck by his noting that the glaciers in Yosemite were disappearing, and it occurred to me that, had he given that speech on that very spot 12,000 years before, he would have been covered by nearly 3,000 feet of ice.    Doesn't that predate the invention of the SUV?    Mr. McClintock. And neither am I, but I do know history. And our pre-history tells us that climate is always changing. We know that during the Jurassic Period, about 150 million years ago, atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were five times higher than they are today. And it was the planet's most prolific period for new species. Do you deny this science?    Mr. McClintock. Do you deny this--yes or no?    Mr. McClintock. Well, when you say on----    Mr. McClintock. Pardon me, my time.    Mr. McClintock. Well, I am glad you brought that up, because we know, in recorded history, that during the Roman warm period, from about 250 to 400 AD, much of Rome's grain supply was grown on what are now the deserts of North Africa. We know that during the Medieval Warm Period, from the 10th through the 13th centuries, wine grapes were grown in Northern Britain, and Iceland and Greenland supported a thriving agricultural economy. And we also know that during the little ice age that followed, the Thames River froze solid every winter, and advancing ice destroyed many towns in Europe.    So, to change this, I am just wondering what it is that you estimate this to cost.    Mr. McClintock. But these are changes that----    Mr. McClintock. These are changes that we have noted throughout the recorded history of civilization, and that science tells us were occurring----    Mr. McClintock . Long before the emergence of human life on this planet.    So now, let me ask you. What is this guidance going to cost?    Mr. McClintock. If it is followed to the letter, how much is it going to cost?    Mr. McClintock. I suspect because the price is absolutely astronomical. And if you dared to be candid with this committee or the American people, you would have a revolt on your hands.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mrs. Dingell, you were here even before anyone else was, so you get to go next, according to Mr. Grijalva, and everyone else was tardy. So you are very close to detention right now. Mrs. Dingell, you are recognized.