    Mr. Calabrese. You actual were right the first time. It's Calabrese, but I'll take it however you give it. Thank you.    Mr. Calabrese. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having me testify. That's the thing we appreciate the most.    Ranking Member Conyers, Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of the Center for Democracy and Technology. CDT is a nonpartisan advocacy organization dedicated to protecting privacy, free speech, and innovation online. We applaud the Committee for holding a hearing on the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, ECPA, and urge the Committee to speedily approve H.R. 699, the ``Email Privacy Act.''    When ECPA was passed in 1986, it relied on balancing three policy pillars: Individual privacy, the legitimate needs of law enforcement, and support for innovation. Changes in technology have eroded this balance. The reliance on trusted third parties for long-term storage of our communications have left those communications with limited statutory protections. This void has created legal uncertainty for cloud computing, one of the major business innovations of the 21st Century and one at which U.S. companies excel.    At the same time, information accessible to the government has increased dramatically from emails and text messages to social networking posts and photos. Most if not all, of this information would not have been available in 1986. The technology has changed but the law has not, creating a major loophole for Americans' privacy protections.    In the face of this outdated statute, courts have acted, recognizing in cases like U.S. v. Warshak that people have a reasonable expectation of privacy in email and invalidating key parts of ECPA. But that patchwork is not enough on its own. It continues to lag behind technological change and harms smaller businesses that lack an army of lawyers. It also creates uncertainty around new technologies that rely on the use and storage of the contents of communications.    Reform efforts face a concerted assault from civil agencies that seek to gain new powers and blow a huge privacy loophole in the bill. Agencies have blocked reform in spite of the fact that the SEC has confessed to never subpoenaing an ISP post-Warshak. No less than FBI Director Comey told this Committee that in regard to ECPA, a change wouldn't have any effect on our practices.    In fact, new civil agency powers would harm the privacy of ordinary citizens. Imagine if the IRS had had these powers back from 2010 to 2012 when they were improperly investigating the tax status of Tea Party organizations. During that investigation, the IRS sent lengthy time-consuming questionnaires seeking information on what members were reading, their Facebook posts, donor lists, and copies of the materials they were disseminating. While the IRS' targeting of conservative groups was limited to these lengthy questionnaires, their subpoena authority is extremely broad and likely could have been used here.    If the IRS had had the power that the SEC proposal recommends be granted to all Federal agencies, they would have been able to go beyond gathering information directly from the target of the investigation. The IRS would have been able to go to court and enforce an order allowing them to go directly to the ISP and seek the subject's email. While under the SEC proposal, the subject in the investigation would have been able to contest that order in court, civil standards are very low, and it's clear that the IRS had a very expansive idea of the information they could seek. This type of agency overreach is exactly why we can't grant agencies unjustified new authorities.    Support for privacy reform is deep and abiding. More than 100 tech companies, trade associations, and public interest groups have signed onto ECPA reform principles. Signatories include nearly the entire tech industry, span the political spectrum, and represent privacy rights, consumer interests, and free market values.    The Email Privacy Act has more than 300 cosponsors, including a majority of Republicans and Democrats. Post-Warshak, a warrant for content has become the status quo. Nonetheless, it is critical for the Committee to approve H.R. 699 in order to cure a constitutional defect in ECPA, protect individual privacy, and assure that new technologies continue to enjoy robust constitutional protections. Thank you.    Mr. Calabrese. Well, I think that Americans believe very strongly in the values that underpin this Nation, the fundamental idea of privacy and a balance between what government can do and having rules around how they can do it. All this bill does is the very modest step of bringing our privacy protections into the 21st Century, and everybody agrees with that.    A recent poll in the Washington Post said that 86 percent of Americans supported reform. This panel is unified in saying that we need a warrant for email. Now, we have some minor issues around the edges, but honestly, I believe that this is a bill that would pass Congress or pass the House of Representatives by 300 or 400 votes.    It is that popular. It is that common sense. I think we simply need a markup. We can work out some of these issues around the edges, and the American people can get the privacy protections that they want and they need. Thank you.    Mr. Calabrese. I think that if you don't use an authority for 5 years and there is a questionable legal standard about whether you can use it at all, it's new authority. That's simply put. It simply can't be that you have this existing authority and you say it's incredibly valuable but you've held off on using it for 5 years. Either what you're doing in your investigations aren't important, which we all know is not true, or you don't think you have this authority, and to me, there are really no other options, and I think that this is new authority.    Mr. Calabrese. I believe no, it would not be.    Mr. Calabrese. Well, it's clearly our digital home. I mean, you would find much more sensitive information about me in the cloud than you honestly would in my house at this point. If you wanted physical documents, they are much more sensitive in my house. The thing I would also like to point out that we haven't really touched upon here is that the standard for accessing information in the civil context is very low. It's mere relevance. It's not a high standard of probable cause. Also the number of things that a predicate--a civil agency has, sort of simply mis-filling out your taxes, for example, are much greater than the criminal predicates for a warrant. So we're talking about a much lower standard, much greater number of ways that we can access information. That means that we're potentially opening up the cloud to much greater invasion by civil agencies even than we would by criminal agencies. And I think that's exactly backwards.    Mr. Calabrese. Yeah, I mean, I think the question that we haven't heard an answer to yet is probable cause of what. Probable cause of a crime in the criminal context is very clear. We know what crimes are. And they're interpreted very tightly. Violations of civil law are much broader. I mean, if I fill out my tax form incorrectly or I state that this was a business expense when maybe it was a vacation, you can say oh, I have probable cause to believe that by going through my emails, I'm going to find that he was on vacation, not on a business trip. So what we really are talking about, no matter what the standard is, it's a much broader access to Americans' content of their communications.    Mr. Calabrese. Well, I certainly think that the court in Warshak believed that the Fourth Amendment should extend to all these types of contents of communication. My worry is that we don't know what the next new technology is going to look like. We don't know what the next way that we're going to keep our communications private and confidential is. And so we shouldn't be waiting. And ECPA doesn't have a suppression remedy. So these actual determinations don't come up that often. We shouldn't be waiting for 5 or 10 or 15 years for a court to find a strange case that allows them to say we have a reasonable expectation of privacy in communications. We all seem to agree that the content of communications should be protected by the warrant unless Congress says otherwise.    Mr. Calabrese. No, the case was not appealed.    Mr. Calabrese. We've already seen agency overreach. We saw it in this Tea Party investigation. There was no question there was improper investigation that was searching for a much broader category of information about people than anyone I think here is comfortable with. The idea of looking at what people are reading, looking at their donor lists as part of a civil investigation into someone's tax status is wrong. And it disturbs me that if someone can have a high--a relevant standard that is so low that we might bring those kind of investigations into play, I think that's a problem. And I think that that's why we need to limit this very powerful authority to warrants that are supervised by judges under probable cause.    Mr. Calabrese. It depends on the circumstances. Sometimes notice is delayed.    Mr. Calabrese. Sometimes notice is delayed. Sometimes they do know about it.    Mr. Calabrese. This is one of the most----    Mr. Calabrese. This is one of the most invasive things that the U.S. Government or any government can do to its citizens, it can investigate them, make them the subject of law enforcement scrutiny. So, yes, absent some compelling reason not to notify them, I think they absolutely deserve to know that they are the subject of government scrutiny.    Mr. Calabrese. Sadly, I don't.    Mr. Calabrese. Sure. I don't believe that it is obstructionist. You know, we're codifying what amounts to existing practice and existing protections under the Fourth Amendment. We're also saying that you should have notice when someone does a search of your most private electronic home. And to be clear, unlike a physical warrant where you get that notice immediately, we're actually delaying notice for 10 days here so that law enforcement has got a head start.    Mr. Calabrese. And then we're allowing a gag provision which says that you, in important circumstances, you'll never get that notice. I think these are all pretty basic protections for anyone. And, honestly, if there are issues around the edges, I'm not sure that there are, but if there are, I think that's why we have markups, so that we can bring these issues forward, we can take votes on whether there's anything here that we should be concerned about, and then we can get this bill to the floor.    Mr. Calabrese. I believe it's a very strong notice requirement and constitutionally appropriate with a very strong delay procedure. One of the things I'm struggling with a little bit is, we're talking about a circumstance where I am going before the judge and getting a search warrant. At that same time, I may get a delay of that search warrant, so we're not talking about some kind of separate process where I've got to go through an additional burden.    When I get the warrant, I can also make the case that I must delay notice. That can happen for 180 days. Before a provider or anyone else, you know, notifies the subject, they have to tell the government that they are going to do that, giving the government an ability to go back to the court and say, you know what, the reasons for our delay have not ended and we need to expand it. I mean, I think it's a very reasonable, very balanced approach that supports a fundamental constitutional value, one of notice that's embedded in the Fourth Amendment.    Mr. Calabrese. I do.    Mr. Calabrese. I do worry that we will create an unconstitutional or incredibly reckless carve out for civil agencies. And my hope is that we continue to push H.R. 699 forward as is to a markup and we can vote and get it to the floor. Thank you.