    Mr. Browning. Very good questions, which I am happy to respond to, and then I will ask my colleagues to also help. In general, we support the United Nations where and while they are adding value. And when they are not, we want to enhance their ability to do well. And in the case of WHO, clearly there were some missteps in the early response by WHO.    We have met with WHO leadership since then here in Washington and in Geneva. I am convinced that Dr. Chan has recognized that WHO did not do well in the early response. They have come up with some proposals that we have endorsed, some changes in their structure and in their ability to respond. They are proposing that the development of a cadre of global health workers--that was one of the initial weaknesses--that this cadre, much like firefighters who have been trained and prepared and ready to go when called upon, that didn't exist in the early days.    They are proposing an emergency fund that they can tap into so that their response is not dependant upon pledges and remittances and receipt of money from the member states. And they are changing their staffing proposal so that it is based on merit and not geographic preferences from the member states. So these are improvements, changes, that we think are warranted. We are going to help them work toward these changes.    As far as the U.S. Government response, Dr. Frieden is on the board. Secretary Kerry retains his leadership role in all of the United Nations' entities. My understanding is the Board membership requires that the member be a physician, and so Dr. Frieden was tapped in addition to his medical credentials but also because of his CDC membership.    Mr. Browning. Certainly. I am happy to respond to that. While, for the State Department, our focus is foreign and overseas, we certainly care about the domestic response. And CDC and HHS take the lead here for domestic preparedness. I think one of the lessons we have learned in the State Department is that our national security does not begin and end at our borders. We must work to ensure that the health preparedness of nations around the world is strong enough to protect us and them from these diseases. And they will continue. They will grow. And we must not forget the lessons that we learned in this particular response.    We were able to look at our visa operations. We were able to look at our ability to screen visitors to the United States. And so that is one procedure that we have improved that will help our domestic security particularly.