    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I get started, Ms. Maloney points out in her call for more gun laws here in the United States, that Mexico has some of the strictest gun laws and yet has the high violence. I think that just goes to make the point that restrictive gun laws actually take guns out of the hands outs of law-abiding citizens and put them into the hands of criminals    Mr. Farenthold. I don't have much time. If I do at the end, I will. I have some points I'd like to make because I used to represent the border at Brownsville and joined Mr. Chaffetz in June in his visit to Laredo after the helicopter was shot at, had the opportunity to visit with some of the Border Patrol agents down there.    Real quickly, while I get started, Mr. Harris, have we caught the people who shot at the helicopter, or has the Mexican Government caught them.    Mr. Farenthold. That's reassuring. One of the things that I learned down there in visiting with some of the Border Patrol agents and actually spending some time on the border with some of the agents, was a level of frustration with some of the policies that this government has that makes it difficult to do their job. I hear it referred to as catch and release, or a policy that if there are only a certain number of illegal aliens in a vehicle, the coyote, or human smuggler, is not prosecuted and is let go, a frustration with seeing the same folks again and again.    They're caught; they're shooed across the border, counted as a deportation, and are back in the United States in a matter of hours. In fact, I visited with some of the Sheriffs in the district I represent, Sheriff T. Michael O'Connor in Victoria, or Frank Osborne, Matagorda County, and Jess Howell of Wharton; and they're all very upset and concerned about the Priority Enforcement Program, in which case very often the Federal Government refuses to take illegal aliens that they apprehend for deportation.    Mr. Judd, I'll start with you. Can you talk a little bit about, was my characterization of the frustration of the rank and file agents accurate?    Mr. Farenthold. And we see this again and again with the tragic murder of Kate Steinle, the shooting of the Border Patrol agents in the Rio Grande Valley by a pair of men who had been between them deported I think seven times. And there was a story in the news, I think it was just in the past couple of days, where a convicted burglar from Mexico with a history of repeated felony convictions and deportation was caught last week. It was the fifth time he crossed the border and had actually spent the bulk of the past 30 years in various jails. It just seems absolutely critical that we get the border secured. No point working on immigration before we get that done.    Mr. Harris, can you talk a little bit about the Priority Enforcement Program, the PEP, and have you heard from the sheriffs as well about their concern? They catch somebody, an illegal alien, and basically have nothing to do with them but turn them loose. We just defunded sanctuary cities in this country, but with PEP and the Border Patrol not taking aliens sheriffs caught, we have basically created a sanctuary country, haven't we?    Mr. Farenthold. But your job and your men's job would be easier if there were consequences to entering this country illegally and folks were deported and they faced consequences for multiple offenses? Mr. Judd, Mr. Harris, just a yes or no; would that be a better situation, because I'm out of time?    Mr. Farenthold. Are you with us on that one, Mr. Harris.    Mr. Farenthold. Do you think it would be better if we had some consequences and repatriated folks?    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, and my time is expired. And I apologize to the gentlelady from New York in not being able to yield to her.