    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, welcome back to the committee. And the first question I would like to ask you relates to the Qualified Mortgage rule. I appreciated that in your testimony, you indicated that the responsible lending by community banks and credit unions did not cause the financial crisis.    I also appreciate your views here that the traditional model of relationship lending has been beneficial for many people in rural areas and small towns across the country.    I agree with your testimony there and I appreciate the Bureau's recognition of this in the exemptions as to small creditors and more recent efforts to provide flexibility in that area, particularly for rural lenders.    As you may recall, we have talked about this before. We have the kind of ridiculous situation in my district with Bath County, which is literally one of the most rural places in America, designated by your agency as non-rural.    I appreciate that you have acknowledged that and taken remedial action. We still think the petition process would be helpful.    But given your recognition of the importance of relationship lending, let me ask you this question, would you support or oppose legislation, additional legislation that I have introduced called the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, which would extend the QM safe harbor to portfolio loans, that is those mortgages that lenders originate and then hold on their books instead of selling off into the secondary market.    And if you would oppose that approach or modification to the QM rule, why?    Mr. Barr. Okay. Let me--    Mr. Barr. Let me follow up that point with the following: As you may know, FHFA has reasonably relaxed the standard for mortgages eligible for purchases by GSEs. Director Watt and I had a discussion about this in this very committee room a few weeks ago.    And Director Watt admitted to me that because of the GSE exemption to the Qualified Mortgage rule, these relaxed standards would likely result in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac backing mortgages that exceeded the QM 43 percent debt-to-income limitation.    If these non-QM mortgages are too risky for banks like the ones that you cited, shouldn't they also be too risky for taxpayers?    Mr. Barr. Exactly, and that is what we are talking about--    Mr. Barr. Let me just ask the question this way. Wouldn't it be safer for the financial system to put the risk on shareholders than on taxpayers?    In other words, wouldn't the shareholders and the bank board have a vested interested in properly underwriting these loans instead of having these huge, massive exemptions for GSEs that incents the origination of risky loans, loans that your agency deems to be risky, and then putting that on taxpayers?    Mr. Barr. Let me just submit that an institution is far more likely to underwrite that loan properly if they portfolio that loan. But I would, I think, the whole point here illustrates the need.    And I talked to Director Watt about this, the need for you to coordinate with FHA and the GSEs and FHFA because there is an inconsistency in these mortgage rules and it does not make sense that we are putting the risk on taxpayers, but we are unwilling to acknowledge the relationship lending model that you say should work.    Mr. Barr. Thank you.    Mr. Barr. And if I may, my time is running out, just really quickly. Let me just share a quick story about payday lending. This is from your field hearing in Alabama, Mr. Thomas is the gentleman's name.    ``I did have to use a payday loan once before. It was because of a family emergency. The fees that I accrued from the payday loan were actually cheaper than getting a cash advance from my credit card. So it actually benefited me and I was really glad it was there, an option available to me. And I would like to know in the future it would be there for me in the event that I need it.''    Also, I hope you are taking into account some of these personal stories that credit availability in the short-term lending market is something that you would not overreact to.    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Director. I yield back.