    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    And I rise in support of these three pieces of legislation. First and foremost, let us remember that Mongolia, the people there have been courageous in their implementation of an entirely new economic system at a time when they are in a relatively isolated area of the world. There was great hardship there in Mongolia while they were transitioning out of the Soviet economy. And it is much to the credit of the people of Mongolia that they were able to stick it out, and they actually have maintained a Democratic government and were able to move forward and now I think are exemplary in the way they have conducted their own society, again, starting way behind the curve 25 years ago.    Next is Singapore, and let us note this about Singapore, Singapore, too, also started with much of a handicap. If you take a look at Singapore the people of Singapore had less land, fewer resources, and more people than China, and so you have what appears to be a country with a lot of liabilities and not many assets. But they have turned that country--in a 50-year period, Singapore has become exemplary to the world of a society that works.    And it was my honor to meet President Lee in Singapore, the first President Lee. I haven't met his son yet, but President Lee was a dramatic leader who made that country work, as I say, with few resources, lots of people. Unlike China, they never, for example, went to a one-child policy, yet they established a country in which, because of the prosperity level of their people, you had basically a stable population without having to have the draconian and antifreedom policies that we saw in China, which the Chinese have just recently backed off on.    Lastly, about our friends in the Falun Gong and China, talking about China, the Falun Gong, while I agree with Brad, with my good friend, Mr. Sherman, that, yes, maybe there isn't an exact reading on this, you can't get an exact reading from a dictatorship, from a group of gangsters. You cannot get an exact reading on how many people they have murdered in order to sell their body parts.    Yeah, the only way we could express it is ``may,'' but we can say, for the record--and I put it on the record now--there have been many investigations into this, especially by parliamentarians from Canada, who I have spoken to personally, who went into China, documented how many prisoners, Falun Gong prisoners, were taken to certain prisons and how many didn't come out. And the fact that those very same prisons were the prisons in which body parts were being sold to people from the West and other places. So although, yeah, you can't say, ``No, there may be body parts being sold there,'' because they are not going to show you this, but when you have a dictatorship, this is just about as proven as it gets.    The Falun Gong, by the way, are people who have no violent threat to anybody. Falun Gong are people who believe in meditation and yoga and are peaceful people. The fact that the Chinese Communist leadership still feels compelled to murder the Falun Gong to try to destroy it as an option for the Chinese people speaks a lot about the nature of the Chinese regime today. It is an evil regime that continues to put people in jail, murder them, and sell their body parts because they are part of a pacifist organization.    So all of this I think we should make sure we heed in these three pieces of legislation.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your leadership.