    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, gentlemen, thank you for being here today.    What training do agents receive on properly securing their firearms? Whoever would like to go first. Mr. Kane?    Mr. Russell. And I realize that the Bureau of Prisons has arms room issuance of firearms, you know, for their duties, so we would expect a stricter control.    Mr. Ellis, what type of training do the BLM agents receive, seeing as how they have their firearms with them 24 hours a day?    Mr. Russell. Okay.    Mr. Ellis.--and they're all educated on these general orders.    Mr. Russell. And, Mr. Orner, in the various sub-agencies of DHS, I am assuming that there is some type of requirements to maintain possession of your firearm?    Mr. Russell. Well, I think it is important ----    Mr. Russell. Okay. We got the loss. What discipline actions happen to the individuals? Are they commended? Are they disciplined? Are they fined? Are they removed? Surely there must be some penalty for such a grievous violation.    Mr. Russell. Well, we would like to see that. And of the 69, I personally would like to know how many of those officers were disciplined that it was due to neglect. We understand if somebody was overpowered or they were, you know, in the course of their duties or something of that nature.    I will say this: 24-hours-a-day duty or having possession of firearms every day is no excuse for their negligent care. Having served in battle in several different excursions around the globe, I never once under my command had any of my soldiers lose a firearm. I had some destroyed by combat actions, never had a soldier lose a single one. And I would suggest that at the root cause of much of this with firearms loss is proper care, proper training, and it also has to be proper discipline. If there are no ramifications, then it doesn't even seem to be something serious.    And, Mr. Chairman, with just a slight indulgence here, newsflash, it is a felony to make a straw purchase on a firearm. As the only firearms manufacturer in Congress, I can assure you for my Democratic colleagues that you cannot make a straw purchase without it being a felony. That just absolutely does not happen. And to this 30,000 number that we see every year of people that lose their lives to firearm homicide, let's not forget that 63 percent of those are suicide.    Let's have the debate, but let's use real facts, let's use real discussions, and let's quit hampering this hearing on things that need to be addressed in a separate way. And I would welcome and champion anyone you want to put up ----    Mr. Russell. Will the gentlelady yield for a question?    Mr. Russell. Well, would you just yield for a simple question?    Mr. Russell. Just one question. Does that include showing proper respect to the esteemed chamber that we obey by the rules that we dictate for this wonderful republic of ours and that we conduct ourselves in a similar manner where that type of discussion could occur? Would you agree to that?    Mr. Russell. Yes, it is illegal, and it is also illegal to make straw purchases. It comes with a 10-year minimum prison sentence.    Mr. Russell. Actually, the prosecutions are down, sadly to say. The administration has not supported the ``Don't Lie for the Other Guy'' campaign, which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms and the FBI both support, as well as all responsible gun manufacturers and Federal firearms licensees. This is a real problem, and the administration has not supported the efforts. It would go a long way if we saw a different policy.    Mr. Russell. Well, I would agree. In fact, with regard to the no-fly list, you know, they say if you are a terrorist, you shouldn't be able to buy a firearm. Newsflash: You can't. Four hundred thousand are on the terror watch list. Over 97 percent of those are foreigners. They are prohibited from purchasing firearms. You have to be a U.S. citizen or permanent U.S. resident and 90 days in residence at your current address to even have a firearm transferred. Otherwise, it is denied.    So there is a lot of bad information. Of the 3 percent that remains, a fraction of that ends up being on the no-fly list, and of that, it will trigger what they call a Federal prohibiter likely going to be denied or delayed at a minimum and the FBI is notified for further investigation. This is tantamount to like saying, well, we need to stop murder. Why don't they make a law to stop murder? Newsflash: We have. People still are sinful and commit crimes.    Mr. Russell. It is hard to fathom. I would think in cases where you have legitimate pardons by a Governor and evidence has been brought to bear, then obviously we would have constitutional rights restored. Apart from that, I think that that is going down the wrong path.    It is also worth noting in our gun violence that we see in actual murders with firearms, they have decreased 9 percent since 2010, they have decreased 10 percent since 2005, 20 percent since 1995. Last year, the last statistical data year that we had, of the 8,124 murders committed with firearms, only 248 were done by rifles of any type. That was nearly half what it was for blunt force objects or clubs or things of that nature. Again, we have a lot of data that is being thrown out as inaccurate, but in the true communist textbook fashion, say it often enough and repeat it often enough, it becomes believed, and what is alive becomes truth.    Mr. Russell. Of course not.