    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair. First, I do want to thank Administrator McCabe for testifying here today.    I may not take up the whole 5 minutes. I want to focus on the 2012 date that was already mentioned and go to my home State, Ms. McCabe. You know that over 28 percent of our electricity in Iowa is generated by wind power. We're the leader in the country. And I applaud the EPA, of course, for working to cut America's carbon pollution. I think it's a great idea, and we've got to move our energy and environmental policy into the 21st century. But in my State we've made a hell of a lot of progress over the years, and I just--I have a concern that starting this 2012, doesn't really recognize what States like Iowa have already done. Can you talk to me about that, you know? I mean, it's really difficult, you know, to sort of start it at a particular point when a place like Iowa has made so much progress, and then a number gets attached after 2012, and it just didn't seem to honor the commitment that folks in Iowa have already made up to this point.    Mr. Loebsack. I've seen a 42 percent number attached to Iowa. I don't know if that's accurate or not, but that's going to be very difficult, of course, and we've already come a long way. If we had set that date back to 2010 or whatever the case might be, it would be a less onerous burden certainly on the State of Iowa. We all want clean energy, we all want to cut, you know, obviously carbon pollution. We all want to do those things, and Iowa is going to continue to do the right thing. The Governor there is just now putting together a team to try to come up with some kind of an energy plan, and I commend him for that. And we're going to do the right thing, we're going to keep doing it.    Mr. Loebsack. But it just does seem a bit unfair to start it at that 2012 date and not recognize all the progress that was already made in a place like Iowa. And, hopefully, we'll be able to take advantage of the incentive program, as well. You know, we'll continue to work with you on that but, you know, I'm making a plea for some degree of flexibility in all this at this point.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Right. Well, we'll stay in touch going forward, and I just wanted to express the concern that I have about that date. And, hopefully, we'll have a little bit of flexibility that we'll see from you folks moving down the road. Thank you so much.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, and I yield back the rest.