    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you for your service on this committee as well.    It is my understanding that some of the Members today have opened the door to talking about invidious discrimination, and while we are talking about Dodd-Frank, I think that it is appropriate that we mention some aspects of invidious discrimination, because there are some things that Dodd-Frank does not do to the extent that I think that it should. So, I agree with those who contend that Dodd-Frank is an imperfect piece of legislation.    Let's just talk about some of the things that I would like to see us impact by way of the work of the committee.    I have a statement here indicating that minority business owners paid interest rates that were 32 percent higher than what whites paid for loans in 2012. This is by way of the Federal Reserve, by the way. This is what the Fed says. Dodd-Frank doesn't do enough to address this kind of invidious discrimination. I am pleased that someone brought it up today. Otherwise, I might not have put this on the record.    According to The Wall Street Journal, in 2013 only 4.8 percent of loans made to buy homes were made to blacks. However, blacks comprised 13.2 percent of the total population in 2013. Now I know that we can rationalize that and say, blacks don't make as much, they probably don't have the credit history, there are all kinds of ways to rationalize it. But one of the best things that we can do is investigate and find out why blacks are at this number.    In 2013, only 7.3 percent of loans made to buy homes were made to Latinos. However, Latinos comprised 17.15 percent of total population in 2013. Dodd-Frank doesn't do enough to help us, and I hope that the committee will.    According to CNN, 2013 HMDA data, the conventional mortgage load denial rate was 10.4 percent for whites; by comparison, however, the denial rate stood at 27.6 percent of blacks, 21.9 percent for Hispanics, and 13.3 percent for Asians.    The information goes on and on and on but I will move now to the Washington Post. Between 2004 and 2008, black borrowers were 54 percent more likely to have a high interest rate mortgage, black borrowers. Latino borrowers, 45 percent more likely to have a high interest rate than similar white Borrowers, I might add, and Asian-American borrowers were 7 percent more likely.    Now, these are things that we can investigate, things that I think the committee should investigate. I think that on the heels of what we have just seen in South Carolina, where we are eliminating symbolism, it seems to me that we have an opportunity to actually get into the invidious discrimination that still takes place. And my hope is that we will look after these things at the committee level. We are currently examining the CFPB, and of course until 1968, we were known as the Banking Committee.    These lenders bear a look being taken at them. My hope is that we will do it because we tell people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps.    These loans, these mortgages are bootstraps. In my last 9 seconds, I appeal to the committee to please, it is an appeal, let's look into this. I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.