    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Sablan. Welcome, Secretary Jewell. It is so good to have you here.    After the spill of the Gold King Mine, the entire Nation--I think all of us--saw appalling images of the river running yellow, as nearby counties and Native American tribes declared states of emergency for local residents, and rightfully so.    As I mentioned at our previous hearing on this accident with EPA Administrator McCarthy, I happen to come from a district that is rooted in the Industrial Revolution, where rivers used to run different colors, depending on the dye that was cast into them at the end of the manufacturing day.    As a Nation, we have come a long way in deciding that this is no longer acceptable, and have made bipartisan commitments to protecting the health of our rivers, for they are directly tied to the overall health of our communities. It was great to have you come to my district to celebrate our Rivers Day and the new role that they play, the very important role they play, in our district.    The Gold King Mine spill into the Animas River, and the possible negligence by EPA contractors, certainly merits--and did merit--an investigation and attention from this committee. But one of the most stunning aspects of this accident, and the subsequent investigations by both the EPA and the Bureau of Reclamation, is that it has exposed just how far behind we are when it comes to environmental cleanups of old, hardrock mines, abandoned by their private owners when they were no longer profitable.    The Gold King Mine in Colorado has been closed for 90 years, yet this mine and others in the area have been polluting the Animas River at the rate of approximately--as you reaffirmed in your testimony--330 million gallons of polluted wastewater a year. That is 100 times more pollution going into the river than the August 5 spill, and the reason that the EPA was working at the site in the first place.    BLM estimates that there are 93,000 abandoned mines in California, Nevada, and Utah, and another 23,000 abandoned mines in Colorado, where the most recent spill took place. There are approximately 161,000 across the entire western United States and Alaska, and some estimate a number as high as 500,000. Yet despite these numbers, there is no dedicated funding source for environmental cleanups of hardrock mines.    I am a co-sponsor of Representative Grijalva's legislation. It would bring the 1872 mining law into the modern age, requiring companies to pay royalties to the American taxpayers for metals extracted from our public lands and creating a much-needed funding source for cleanups of old and abandoned hardrock mines. This is an important reform, and it creates an opportunity to address this long-neglected issue; but until then, we have to deal with the world as it is.    As I have just mentioned, we have hundreds of thousands of abandoned mines across our Nation. Many of them are on public lands, which are depended on by Americans for recreation, tourism, clean drinking water and, for many people, a source of their economic livelihoods.    You referenced it in your testimony, but can you describe the environmental threat that abandoned hardrock mines pose to our public lands, and give us a little more detail on how they affect our national parks?    Ms. Tsongas. Can you talk about the number of park units that have been impacted? And give some examples of particular parks.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Gohmert.