    Chairman Duffy. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will come to order. The title of today's subcommittee hearing is, ``Exploring Alleged Ethical and Legal Violations at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 3 minutes for an opening statement. I first want to thank everyone for being here today, including our witnesses.    Our witnesses are here to discuss two reports. The first is the Inspector General's report on allegations of improper lobbying and obstruction at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.    For those returning members to the committee, you will remember that we first discussed this report almost a year ago, in February, when Mr. Montoya was here. At that time, Mr. Montoya and I talked about the whitewash mentality at HUD. At the time, I found those revelations troubling, but I hoped that we could chalk it up to just a few bad apples at HUD.    But we are back here again today to discuss what happened with those bad apples because of other completely unrelated allegations that have surfaced. In fact, I think we are going to hear many stories of the waste, fraud, and abuse that is now taking place at HUD.    The second report our witnesses have been asked to discuss concerns the questionable hiring practices at the Department that might have created a glaring conflict of interest. And that is within the Office of Public and Indian Housing. I want to make clear to committee members that these are very different allegations against different employees in different departments and divisions responsible for very different tasks.    But they seem to display the same cavalier attitude that shows these employees do not believe in following the rules. And they do not care about getting caught, and when they are caught they don't care about obstructing an investigation or Congress. Their purpose is to protect themselves and each other. And sadly, what we find is that they get away with it. And sometimes, they even get rewarded during periods of bad behavior. It is an attitude that I think Americans are learning is prevalent throughout this Administration and it is an attitude of which we are all quickly getting very tired.    I want to make clear that we are not here to debate the importance of HUD, the importance of its mission, or the work that they do. Millions of Americans who have fallen on hard times--veterans, single mothers, their children--all rely on HUD's programs, and we should all recognize and applaud their efforts.    In fact, it is because of the hard work of many HUD employees that we are here today. It is because they are the ones who have come forward and reported these allegations. They already work with limited resources that should not be diverted to illegal lobbying efforts or overpaying a lobbyist.    So I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today to learn what sort of reprimands HUD has taken against these employees and what steps they continue to take to ensure that this attitude of disregard for accountability does not entrench itself within the Department permanently. And I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will work with me in this committee to get to the bottom of these allegations and ensure that these bad acts stop now.    And with that, I yield to my good friend, the ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, Representative Green from Texas.    Chairman Duffy. The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, Mr. Fitzpatrick from Pennsylvania, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The vice chairman yields back.    The subcommittee now welcomes our witnesses. Thank you both for being here today.    First, we welcome the Honorable David Montoya. He is the Inspector General of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Before Mr. Montoya was sworn in as HUD's Inspector General in December 2011, he served in senior-level positions for the Office of the Inspector General at the U.S. Postal Service and the U.S. Department of the Interior, and as the Deputy Director of the EPA's Criminal Investigation Division. Mr. Montoya is a native of El Paso, Texas, and a graduate of the University of Texas at El Paso.    We also welcome Ms. Edda Perez. She is the Managing Associate General Counsel in the Office of General Counsel at the United States Government Accountability Office. Ms. Perez serves as Associate General Counsel for appropriations law, budget issues and financial management, and assurance teams within GAO's Office of General Counsel, and she has been with the GAO in several different capacities since 1987. Ms. Perez received her law degree from Georgetown University and her undergraduate degree from InterAmerican University of Puerto Rico.    The witnesses will be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of their testimony. Without objection, the witnesses' written testimony will be made a part of the record. Once the witnesses have finished presenting their testimony, each member of the subcommittee will have 5 minutes in which to ask questions of the witnesses.    I want to remind the witnesses verbally that while you may not be placed under oath today, your testimony is subject to 18 U.S.C. Section 1001, which makes it a crime to knowingly give false statements in proceedings such as this one. You are specifically advised that knowingly providing false statements to this subcommittee or knowingly concealing material information from this subcommittee is a crime.    On your table, you will see that you have three lights: green means go; yellow means you are running out of time; and red means stop. The microphones are oftentimes very sensitive, so make sure you are speaking directly into it.    And with that, Mr. Montoya, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Montoya.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Perez for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Ms. Perez.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes. Mr. Montoya, maybe just a brief recap. After last year's hearing, after the information came to light with regard to the lobbying effort within HUD, what happened to Mr. Jones, Mr. Mincberg, and Mr. Constantine in regard to disciplinary action, and where are they today?    Chairman Duffy. So he wasn't removed for his actions? He left on his own volition?    Chairman Duffy. Is it fair to say Mr. Jones was, in your opinion, relying on the advice given to him by others?    Chairman Duffy. Okay.    Chairman Duffy. But he has been removed from HUD, yes?    Chairman Duffy. No?    Chairman Duffy. He is the ethics official for HUD?    Chairman Duffy. Was Mr. Constantine misguided, do you think, like Mr. Jones?    Chairman Duffy. Did Mr. Constantine cooperate with your investigation?    Chairman Duffy. Is that standard practice that you would interview someone 3 times? Or usually, if someone is cooperative, does it take only one time?    Chairman Duffy. Do you think he was fully forthright with you in the first interviews that you did with him?    Chairman Duffy. But he has not been removed. He is in the Ethics Division.    Chairman Duffy. Okay. Has there been any promotion or increase in pay?    Chairman Duffy. Okay. I want to switch gears and go to the more recent investigation with regard to Ms. Gross being hired by HUD. Listen, it is not uncommon, and I think many Americans might not like this, but sometimes lobbyists will come to work for the government and sometimes government employees will leave and go work for lobby firms. It is referred to as the ``revolving door.'' That is not uncommon, or that is not illegal, is it? No.    Chairman Duffy. But with Ms. Gross, however, she was brought into HUD in her governmental personnel agreement. Did she resign her position from CLPHA?    Chairman Duffy. In these IPA agreements between agencies and outside organizations, is that uncommon that they would keep their position at the outside organization?    Chairman Duffy. And that is where the difference is, that she was not there in an advisory role, which is the traditional position of an IPA individual. Instead, she was in a policy-making position and still kept her position the CLPHA, which is a lobbying organization and has a certain view and perspective of what HUD should be doing with regard to reforms. Is that correct?    Chairman Duffy. Do you have an opinion as to whether--was she loyal to HUD, was she loyal to CLPHA, was she loyal to herself? How did she navigate her role in HUD?    Chairman Duffy. Thank you. And my time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member, Mr. Green from Texas, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the former chairman of this subcommittee. And we appreciate all the good work he has done on the subcommittee as chairman and the good work he has done on this issue. He is also the Majority Deputy Whip and the vice chairman of the full Financial Services Committee. The Chair now recognizes Mr. McHenry from North Carolina for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Fitzpatrick, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Delaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman will be recognized for 1 more minute. And we will offer a 6-minute questioning to--    Chairman Duffy. Very well. The gentleman is recognized for an additional minute.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Poliquin.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty.    Chairman Duffy. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Hurt, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The Chair would agree. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. In the interest of equal time, the Chair now recognizes for 1 minute the gentleman from Texas, the ranking member, Mr. Green.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Green.    The subcommittee thanks both Ms. Perez and Mr. Montoya for your work, your service, and your testimony today. We appreciate it.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.