    Mr. VALADAO. Thank you, Chairman Knight. Our third witness is Ms. Virginia Villa, CEO of West Pacific Electric Company in Lemoore. In her capacity at West Pacific, Ms. Villa is in charge of day-to-day operations, purchasing, human resources, and development of technical proposals, among other tasks. Previously she was CEO of Covenant Services, Incorporated, in Lemoore, and the supervisor of D Electric also in LeMoore.    A federal contractor for over 25 years, Ms. Villa is a member of the United States Women's Chamber of Commerce and the Hispanic Chamber. Born and raised in Central Valley, Ms. Villa lives there with her husband and six children.    Ms. Villa, thank you for being with us today, and welcome.    Mr. VALADAO. Since you have got the mic still, Ms. Villa, you mentioned some commonsense reforms that could be implemented to help small businesses. Can you expand on what some of those might be, and what can we do in Washington to help you with that process?    Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Rhea, how familiar are you with the SBA's contracting assistance programs, and have they been helpful to you?    Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Flittie, your company has been very successful contracting with the Defense Department. Can you offer any advice to some of our younger, smaller companies?    Mr. VALADAO. Do I have time for one more, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. VALADAO. I have been in Congress longer than him, and I have to ask him for permission.    He is loving this. Ms. Villa, have you utilized the Procurement Technical Assistance Center, PTAC, and what was your experience?    Mr. VALADAO. All right, thank you. I yield back.    Mr. VALADAO. Do you mind if I ask a question----    Mr. VALADAO. I have known Ms. Villa for a long time and we have talked about other issues before in the same realm. Do you feel when you have an opportunity to talk to some of these or see some of these opportunities, do you feel like you are provided all the information you need to make a proper bid?    Mr. VALADAO. Do you feel that they do that just so they could check the box about the woman-owned business?    Mr. VALADAO. Due, released.    Ms. ROBISON WHITCOMB.--released--thank you--or submitted, and then you do not have the time to, prioritize that, where is that going to go. My development dollars for proposal writing, you are looking at my proposal writing shop.    That gets really tough because then you go, okay, I am going to call this guy and say is this a real opportunity or is this so you can say we looked and we could not find it.    What I do know California has done, especially on the Federal part, in the National Guard for the State of California, because sometimes it is Title 10 money and sometimes it is state money, is that they just tell the prime contractors go back until you find them.    When you are talking about accountability, I really appreciated that when I was in Sacramento and I said how do I qualify for a Title 10 opportunity and for State opportunity. They said, here is a list of every one that is a prime. They are looking for you. They have been helpful in helping to turn around, go back out to go find those opportunities, and they just will not accept you tried. You did not try enough. Try harder and continue to try until you get it right. I am proud of California for doing that.    Thank you.    Mr. VALADAO. Thank you.    Mr. VALADAO. They had a problem with you having----