    Mr. Walker. Yes.    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Allison, when did you start? When was your official start date?    Mr. Walker. Okay. All right. Okay. So you're, what, 18, 19 months into the job?    Mr. Walker. Okay.    About how many hours a week do you work on this process? I've got a hunch, but I wanted to hear from you.    Mr. Walker. Okay. Obviously, you do your homework because 3 months ago you remembered our conversation from the Committee on Homeland Security conversation. And I appreciate you doing that.    And if I can think back with you, I believe I remember we talked about some of the abuses of the Federal Air Marshal from a financial or fiscal standpoint, some of the first-class flying, and how are we trimming back and how are we doing. In those 3 or 4 months, can you just mention, have we made some improvements there?    Mr. Walker. Well, it is kind of tough to acknowledge this, because you're not going out in groups. This is kind of on an honor system, which is kind of what led us to this other predicament and situation.    So, as far as self-reporting, you lead and supervise and direct an environment that's kind of tough when you're out there by yourself. Is that fair?    Mr. Walker. I mean, does that happen? Do they know that? I mean, I mean, is there some kind of protocol----    Mr. Walker. --that people in the airline industry know who to contact when they see abuses?    Mr. Walker. Two more points I want to make quickly during my time.    As we said months ago, we talked about the fiscal problems and how much we're spending. I think Chairman Duncan mentioned close to a billion dollars since we've launched this program. So you have from that--people have very good arguments as far as the concern about that. Now we have one that kind of hits it from another angle, which I'll call behavioral problems.    You see where it makes it tough to say this program continues to be legitimized as far as something needed, and I'd like for you to maybe take a minute to respond to that.    Mr. Walker. Are you sure about that? No, I'm just kidding.    Mr. Walker. Let me get to one final point, and then I'll yield back the balance of my time.    Explain or, if you would, lead me through this for us, how often the TSA or the DHS does a comprehensive field study in assessing the threats. Does it vary? Is it seasonal? I mean, is it up and down? What are you seeing out there? And help me understand why that's continued to be necessary.    Mr. Walker. Ms. Book, Director Allison, I appreciate your being here today, even sitting through a vote.    With that, I'll yield back to the chairman. Thank you.