    Ms. Clarke. I would first like to thank both our Chairman Murphy and Ranking Member DeGette for having this hearing, and I would like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey, the ranking member of our full committee, Mr. Pallone, for yielding me time.    I thank our witnesses for lending their expertise, time, and talent to today's Oversight and Investigations hearing.    As you know, I was on the Homeland Security Committee for the past 8 years, and of those 8 years, I was ranking member of the Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Subcommittee for 4 years, and chairwoman for 2 years. Needless to say, this issue is extremely important to me, but more importantly, to our Nation. There is no doubt that we face a challenge of incredible proportions when it comes to cyber threats. Comprehensive and effective cybersecurity policy has always been a complicated endeavor, but in the face of the technological landscape that is constantly evolving and developing new mechanisms that threaten the integrity of our Nation's virtual presence, we stand in unchartered territory as we try to shape a government and corporate response that is effective, adaptable, and a step ahead of any threat we may encounter.    We hear about a new breach in security or impending cyber threat almost daily, so it is inarguable that the time to set our House in order has come and it is now. The security of our Nation's cyber infrastructure and our response to cyber threats is not a partisan issue. We have to work together: democrats and republicans, government and private industry, academics and public advocates, to not only protect the privacy of our citizens, but also identify and respond to security threats. Ultimately, however, it is the expertise of today's witnesses, and many others across the cyber community, that will allow us to act in the best interests of our Nation.    I look forward to listening to and learning from what today's witnesses have to share with us.    I yield back to Ranking Member DeGette.