    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the witnesses. I apologize I had to step out for a bit, but I came back because this is a really important subject to me.    I just want to be clear--and a yes or no answer from each of the witnesses would really help. Is it your--do you concur in the belief from the Department of Homeland Security that it was Russian state actors who hacked into both the Illinois--or attempted Arizona and also the party hacking that occurred earlier in the year? Dr. Romine?    Ms. Edwards. Secretary Schedler?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. Mr. Becker?    Ms. Edwards. And you believe they're capable of making that determination based on the signature or whatever?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. Dr. Wallach?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. And, Dr. Romine, in fiscal year 2016, NIST received about $1.5 million in appropriations from the EAC. That is down from your budget of, I think, about $2-3 million in the previous couple of fiscal years. Do you think that that's sufficient for you to be able to provide the kinds of certifications that you need of election systems?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. And, Mr. Becker, in--you--in part of your testimony you indicated that the--I think it was your testimony that the technologies that we're using for these voting systems is now about a decade old for an awful lot of these systems. Can you share with us what you believe, if you've analyzed it, what would need to be an updated version of HAVA that would enable us to keep--to really keep track with the technology developments?    Ms. Edwards. And, Dr. Wallach, because--I apologize. That was your testimony.    Ms. Edwards. Doesn't it increase your vulnerability though?    Ms. Edwards. Thanks. And then just as a conclusion, I want to thank Secretary Schedler because I think in your testimony you indicated that the Secretaries of State across the country have great confidence in this election, and I think that's an important message to convey to voters so that we can make sure that we don't, with all of this talk, depress voter turnout. And so thank you very much for your remarks.