    Mr. Garcia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for the opportunity to address the subcommittee about the President's information-sharing Executive Order.    The Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council, or FSSCC, was establishes in 2002. It involves 65 of the largest financial services providers and their industry associations. Its mission is to coordinate sector-wide efforts to strengthen the resiliency of the financial services sector against threats to the Nation's critical infrastructure. So we're focused on the critical infrastructure sector.    In practice, this means that we work with Government and other partners to address information-sharing content and procedures, incident response, cyber and operational risk management best practices, and appropriate policy enhancements to support the above objectives.    We've learned over the years that strong risk management requires participating in communities of trust that share information on cyber and physical threats, vulnerabilities, and incidents. This is based on the simple concept of strength in numbers, the neighborhood watch, shared situational awareness.    While the FSSCC focuses on longer-term trends and strategy, our sector's operational arm is the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center, or FS-ISAC. The FS-ISAC participates in many information-sharing programs. One key partner that you mentioned in your opening statement is the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, or NCCIC.    The NCCIC is a hub for sharing information about cyber and communications incidents across sectors, and the financial sector has a seat on the NCCIC watch floor. The industry-sector officials that serve on the NCCIC are cleared at the Top Secret level. So they attend daily briefs and other NCCIC meetings about threats, vulnerabilities, and incidents affecting the financial sector.    Within the sector, FS-ISAC manages a formal structure for collecting, analyzing, and sharing actionable intelligence and best practices among members and the sector, as well as with our industry, Government, and law enforcement partners. I'll be happy to talk about all of that in detail during Q and A about how we do that.    The sector continues to make progress on the speed and reliability of its information-sharing efforts. Late last year, for example, the financial sector announced a new automated threat-sharing capability called Soltra Edge. This uses open standards funded by DHS that facilitate automated machine-to-machine information sharing.    It helps our industry increase the speed, scale, and accuracy of information sharing, and it accelerates the time to resolution. It can be used by any sectors and with any sectors or information-sharing groups. So this is a way of complimenting human-to-human sharing by using machine-to-machine whenever possible.    So the point is the financial sector has a very robust information-sharing environment among ourselves and with the Government and we're always working to improve it.    So let me just spend the final moments of my statement discussing the President's Executive Order on private-sector information sharing.    In our view, the administration's Executive Action is a positive step. We expect it has the potential to increase the volume and quality of actionable and timely cybersecurity information. We offer a few observations that can inform implementation of the order.    First, as the sharing and use of Classified information can improve our response capability, it's important that the clearance process for critical sectors like ours is fast and efficient. The Executive Order supports this goal by enhancing DHS's involvement in the clearance process. This can help accelerate the security clearance process for critical sector owners and operators.    Also, in general, we support the creation of the ISAOs, Information Sharing Analysis Organizations. This can be a way for noncritical sector groups to share cybersecurity information and coordinate analysis and response.    We understand that the impetus for the ISAO proposal was to raise awareness for stakeholder groups looking to coalesce around joint information-sharing objectives, and we believe that the ISAO standards development process should build on the strong foundation laid by the ISACs.    We caveat, however, that ISACs, as distinct from ISAOs, must retain their special partnership status with the Government, given their broad sector representation and a strong cadre of operational support with security clearances.    Certain important principles need to be kept in mind for the standards development process. Sharing is successful within communities of trust when there are clear and enforced information-handling rules.    Information sharing is not a competitive sport. Operational standards should incentivize federated information-sharing. Intelligence needs to be fused across trust communities, not diffused or siloed.    Government processes for collecting, analyzing, and packaging intelligence for private-sector consumption must be streamlined and transparent. Indeed, the 2013 Executive Order directs the Government to do just that.    In anticipating the potential for heavy demands from a proliferation of ISAOs, the NCCIC should prioritize its resources and engagements according to established criteria. They'll need to consider Government capacity to effectively serve critical sector constituents in steady-state and surge mode. They need to consider the reach those stakeholders have into their sectors and the effectiveness of their capabilities.    It's also important that the ISAO standards development process be collaborative, open, and transparent. The process managed during the development of the NIST cybersecurity framework, for example, is an excellent example of this principle.    Okay. Mr. Chairman, that concludes my oral remarks. I'll be happy to answer questions.    Mr. Garcia. Thank you. That's a good question.    I think the President's proposal is almost explicitly with us not targeted at the financial services sector or trying to make any improvements to it. There is a recognition that we have established a fairly robust and mature information-sharing trust community and that the proposal would really try to get at many of those noncritical sectors that have not yet engaged in this level of information sharing.    So I would think that, on the edges, the proposal will help information sharing broadly and maybe the financial services as well, as long as the ISAO model is developed in a way that doesn't create too much confusion.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, we need to have a federated information-sharing capability, not a competitive one where one ISAO is trying to get more members and, therefore, is withholding information from other ISAOs. That's really important. If we have Balkanized or siloed information sharing, we are defeating the purpose of trying to get broader comprehensive situational awareness.    So for ISAOs standing up, I think we'll look forward to providing contributions to the standards development process for what constitutes a good information-sharing environment. I think key to that is we really started sharing robustly when we established a traffic light protocol--red, yellow, green, white--a cascade of different definitions of what information can be shared with whom and what information cannot be shared.    That is enforced. It's enforceable and it is enforced. That really cements the trust, that you know that, when you're going to share this information, that it is not going to be released anywhere else where it is not permitted. So that gives a contributor some level of confidence that their information is going to be protected, but it's also going to be used by other members of that community. So that is a key element.    The other element is having well-trained personnel who are able to analyze information and be able to assimilate and synthesize all the different feeds that are coming in and make sense of it in a way that can provide the users with some kind of a coherent guidance for what to do about it.    Mr. Garcia. Sure. I agree with Mr. Eggers. I think, you know, when you look at this very complicated world of cyber threats, the industry has information that the Government does not have globally. We are located around the world. The Government has information that we do not have, Classified information, information about nation-state activities. If we're not fusing that together, we're really not getting a broad situational awareness. So we are not where we should be.    The financial sector has been working closely with the Government to think about the ways to improve the bidirectional sharing of information between industry and Government, and the Government agencies recognize that internally they need to improve their processes or how do they process information within the Government and then what's the tear line, meaning what's the really critical information that can be sent to the private sector, leaving the sources and methods, which is Classified, out of it because we don't need that information.    So we're working through that process of trying to improve content and procedures. It isn't easy. Government is not--there's many agencies in the Government with different cultures and different ways of doing things. The same goes with the private sector. So----    Mr. Garcia. Yes. And----    Mr. Garcia. We wouldn't look at the Government as a clearinghouse or interpreter either, but we do see them as a partner that--again, they can provide information we don't have and vice versa.    Yes, I think there will be companies and organizations out there that have less trust in working with the Government for the liability concerns that Mr. Eggers has articulated, but the same goes for company-to-company at times. We're dealing with competitors.    In the financial sector, it's not quite the same thing. We are all competitors in financial services. But when it comes to cybersecurity, we're all in it together. It is not a competitive issue. So we've gotten over that hurdle.    We understand that we have to proceed on the assumption that we are all under attack every day and we are all going to get hit at one point or another. So let's just come to the table with that and admit that. ``Now, what are we going to do about it together?''    That's a trust relationship that has been building over time. Other industry sectors, not as much. Hopefully, this information-sharing and analysis organization model that the administration is trying to incentivize--maybe that will move other companies toward more trust-sharing models not just among themselves, but with the Government.    Mr. Garcia. Well, you know, you can see where there are times when information sharing has slowed down, for example, when something is subject to law enforcement investigation. Okay?    Now no one can talk about it and you can't actually disseminate the facts about something that, if other potential victims had that information, they could shut down systems that might otherwise be attacked.    So, yeah, there will be situations where trying to engage with the Government is going to slow things down. There are other situations where it's going to speed things up.    For example, we had worked within the NCCIC cooperatively with DHS. There was a point-of-sale malware called Backoff that was infecting a lot of different retail outlets all over the country.    Actually coming together, we fused information that DHS had and what the financial sector had, and we made sense of what this point-of-sale malware was doing. We pushed out a joint product, basically said, ``Here's the threat. Here's what it's trying to do. Here's what you need to do to fix it.''    One of the participants in the activity had something like 50 stores located in 24 different States where they actually took that advice and they made the correction before it----    Mr. Garcia. That could have been--I don't have the specifics. It could have been from law enforcement. Often law enforcement can find certain malware----    Mr. Garcia. It comes from many different places. It can come from security companies who are on contract. It can come from law enforcement that's doing their own investigative forensics work. It can come from a member company of the FS-ISAC. It can come from an analyst at DHS or the intelligence community.    It's a matter of having that automated phone tree, if you will, where we can bring all of those sources of intelligence together and make sense of it. Sometimes it's slow. Sometimes it's faster.    We're trying to get ourselves to a point of more automated threat information sharing where we actually can take out some of the human dimension of having to pick up a phone and call somebody or send an email saying ``Did you see what I just saw?'' and, actually, the machines are recognizing these kinds of----    Mr. Garcia. Yeah.