    Mr. Grayson. Ditto.    Mr. Grayson. All right. I'm going to be asking Dr. Morgan a couple of questions based upon what would have been able to avoid major blackouts in the past, what kind of research and other efforts we should be undertaking now to avoid things that have already happened. Here's an interesting list. These are the 12 largest blackouts in history and what caused them. The first one I lived through, it was in New York in 1965. It was caused by the tripping of a 230 kilovolt transmission line and a domino effect that followed that; 1978, Thailand, the generators failed; 1989, Canada, a geomagnetic storm; 1999 in Brazil, a lightening struck an electricity substation near Itaipu; 2001, India, failure of a substation; 2003, in the United States and Canada there was a high-voltage power line that brushed against some overgrown trees; 2003, Italy, two internal lines overloaded; 2005, Indonesia, failure of a 500 kilovolt transmission line; 2006 in Europe, a power company switched off a power line in order to let a cruise ship pass; 2008, China, winter storms; 2009, Brazil, the Itaipu generator failed for a while; 2012, India, the largest in history, 670 million people lost electricity and three power grids collapsed because circuit breakers tripped.    So going through this list, clearly most of them were internal to the grid. Most of them were not caused by external events. There's not any instance in that list of cybersecurity issue, there's not any instance in that list of an electromagnetic pulse, not any instance of a terrorist attack, not any instance of any squirrel attack, and only one instance of space weather. So I think this can help us to focus what really would matter in this case, which is how do you avoid blackouts? Dr. Morgan?    Mr. Grayson. Well, if you had to pick one single thing that would make blackouts like the ones that I described, the large-scale blackouts less likely, one form of research or development, what would that be?    Mr. Grayson. So are there national federal programs or even utility company programs along the lines of what you described or is it basically ad hoc at this point?    Mr. Grayson. Thanks. I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. I appreciate that. Feel free to disassociate yourself at any time from any questions I ask. I feel good about that.