    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and let me start off by saying that I fully agree with you that retaliation is just something that we will not stand for on both sides of the aisle.    Mr. Chairman, it's been 9 months since our committee held its last hearing on the Chemical Safety Board. During that hearing last June, I said that it was clear that there were serious management problems that needed to be addressed. I also said that they were not new revelations. For example, Henry Waxman, the former ranking member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, who helped establish the CSB in 1990, sent seven recommendations to address these challenges on May 2, 2014.    In addition, the inspector general of the Environmental Protection Agency, which has jurisdiction over the CSB, issued five audit reports since 2011 with 23 additional recommendations on these issues.    In July 2014, the agency hired a management consultant that identified problems and made more recommendations, and the CSB also has an internal workplace improvement committee that has identified concerns and suggested even more improvements.    Today I'm equally troubled to report that despite all of this feedback and all of these recommendations, things have not improved at the CSB. To the contrary, management problems at the agency appears to have gotten worse. Last September, the CSB hired another management consulting firm to address fundamental changes within the agency. This company, Vantage Human Resource Services briefed the Chairman and Board members on its findings last month on February 12, 2015. We obtained a copy of Vantage's presentation, which was based on interviews with agency employees. Vantage found that 80 percent of CSB employees feel: ``much, much frustration with top leadership--80 percent.'' That is astounding. That is absolutely a stunning fact.    Vantage also reported that 47 percent of employees have a, ``perception of a climate where senior leadership discouraged dissenting opinion.'' That is nearly half the agency. Something is awfully wrong with this picture. This is the latest in the long list of negative reports the CSB Chairman has received about his senior leadership, but instead of using this feedback in a productive way, the Chairman and his managing director appeared to have retaliated against the CSB contracting officer in charge of the Vantage contract.    On the same day that Vantage briefed the Board on its findings last month, the CSB Managing Director Daniel Horowitz removed the contracting officer of the Vantage contract and designated himself--himself--as the contracting officer instead. On the same day, the managing director asked the CSB Chairman for permission to search the emails of the former contracting officer, apparently looking for some incriminating evidence. Based on documents we now have obtained, it appears that the CSB Chairman agreed to this request despite the fact that it included no specific justification whatsoever. He said only that he wanted to, ``examine a confidential personnel issue.''    Another troubling development occurred at a public meeting in Richmond, California, on January 28, 2015. Board Member Manny Ehrlich offered a sweeping proposal to consolidate the power in the CSB Chairman and to cancel three investigations. The motion came with no prior notice and no opportunity for Board member Mark Griffon to review the motion. Something is wrong with that picture. It also came after another Board member was confirmed by the Senate but before he was sworn in and able to vote.    These allegations are appalling and they indicate that the CSB has gone off the rails, and it's shocking to the conscience. Yesterday President Obama nominated Vanessa Sutherland to be the new Chair of the CSB, something the agency sorely needs, in my opinion, but that does not end the matter.    Until she is confirmed, sadly, the current Chairman apparently will remain in place at least for the remaining 3 months of his term. I must tell you that concerns me greatly. So I want to hear from him directly. I want to listen to his explanations for these events. I want to understand why he believes he should remain in his position. And I want to know--I really want to know--why he is not resigning, especially since he has now lost the confidence of the President of the United States of America.    I would also like to hear the perspectives of the other Board members and the Office of the Inspector General of what reforms are needed to get this agency back on track. CSB has a critical mission. The agency was created to investigate industrial chemical accidents, and it has done landmark work, such as the 2014 report on the Deepwater Horizon explosion, but I remind all of you that we're better than that. We are better than where we are now and better than what has been happening in this agency. And so we owe it to the employees who are working hard every day to carry out the mission to ensure that significant and meaningful changes come out of this hearing.    And with that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Engler, what do you want to say?    Mr. Cummings. Just one question.    Why didn't you sign the document, man? I mean, it just seems like it's such a simple thing. You're familiar with the document. You agree with every word of it; is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Yes, it's a very serious----    Mr. Cummings. And the letter said everything that's in this document. The letter that you did sign.    Mr. Cummings. Do we have that----    Mr. Cummings. No. That's his private lawyer.    Do you have the document--do you have the letter?    Mr. Cummings. Oh, good. May I--can we get a copy of that?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    The--Mr. Chairman Moure-Eraso, your agency hired a management consultant company, Vantage Human Resources, to examine the challenges to CSB.    On February 12, 2015, Vantage provided you with a presentation that included results of interviews they conducted with CSB employees. Frankly, that report was devastating. Vantage found that 80 percent of CSB employees felt, ``much frustration with top leadership.'' Vantage also found that 47 percent of employees had, quote, a perception of a climate where senior leadership discourages dissenting opinions.    Let me ask you about what happened directly after the briefing, and I'm going to followup on some of the things that the chairman was saying.    On that day, February 12, 2015, your managing director, Daniel Horowitz sent an email removing the contracting officer from the Vantage contract and designating himself instead. Were you aware of this removal action, and did you approve of it?    Mr. Cummings. Are you sure that the--I mean, what--now, so how did you find out that information?    Mr. Cummings. But wait a minute, you didn't get the communications till later, did you?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Horowitz--Mr. Eraso.    Mr. Cummings. I want you to listen to me. You got the communications later, did you not? And I want to remind you, you are under oath now.    Mr. Cummings. Well, now I'm really confused. I thought you just said--I asked you how did you find out, and you said you read some communications, and that was the basis of your approval.    Mr. Cummings. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Of course.    Mr. Cummings. But that was your opinion, right?    Mr. Cummings. And you hired--well, you hired Vantage to look at this agency and render their opinion. They talked to employees. They put in the report what they thought was appropriate, and so now you're telling me that you approved that action because you suspected that--I mean, well, first of all, it didn't have everything you wanted in it and----    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. Yes, you're--you're--I think you are right now hurting yourself, but I want to clear this thing up.    Mr. Chairman, the chairman took 10 minutes. So we usually try to have equal time.    Again, the very same day, your managing director, Horowitz, sent you an email. And we now have a copy of that email. In it, he asked for your permission to go through the former contracting officer's emails. The problem is, he doesn't say why he wanted to do this. He simply says that he wants to, quote, examine a confidential personnel issue.    So you approved that request, right, just based on that?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Let me ask you this.    Mr. Cummings. During your term as chairman, how many times have you approved a request from staff to go through an employee's emails? How many times have you done that?    Mr. Cummings. Let me ask you, do you--do you think there was another time?    Mr. Cummings. Can you tell us who that was?    Mr. Cummings. Why did you sign off on a request this significant, allowing someone to go through another employee's email, without specific information about why?    Mr. Cummings. So you're saying that you would approve every single request under those circumstances that you just stated?    Mr. Cummings. Sir, this is a serious legal point. Let me ask you this. The meeting you all held--were hearing in February 2014 that examined surveillance of employee emails of the Food and Drug Administration. At that hearing, the inspector general recommended that the agency document the reasons for initiating, reviewing, and approving electronic monitoring, including opinions of legal counsel. Did you seek legal counsel before authorizing a search of these employee emails?    Mr. Cummings. And your counsel, is he copied on it?    Mr. Cummings. He's not. He's not.    Mr. Cummings. So but you didn't send--you didn't provide him with a copy. Did you seek his advice?    Mr. Cummings. And who is your legal counsel? Who is that?    Mr. Cummings. Is that the gentleman sitting behind you?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Now, why would you want--so you're saying you didn't exclude him from it. You just didn't send him a copy.    Mr. Cummings. You know, this makes it sound like you are retaliating against employees. And I got to tell you, I've sat here now for the last 2 or 3 hours, and this is painful. This is painful, and it's got to be painful for you when you get a Vantage report which basically says that the leadership is the problem.    And you know, I mean, have you thought about it? I mean, you've had several members ask you to take an early retirement. Have you considered that? I mean, for the good of the organization.    Most people who truly care about an organization--and this organization does some very, very important work, but it seems as if, and the Vantage report bears this out, that you're not the right person to be the head of this, sir.    And I know that--I know you've got a lot of pride and all that kind of stuff, but this is much bigger than you.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Engler, what did you want to say?    Mr. Cummings. Sure.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Engler, I really appreciate that.    I see you shaking your head, Mr. Griffon. Do you feel the same way? Just yes or no, if you don't mind.    Mr. Cummings. Very well.    I just--I want to thank you for that, your statement. And after this long hearing, to hear that is refreshing.    And I think what happens in life so often is people can go in circles, and never getting off the merry-go-round. And going in those circles, you don't accomplish the things that you want to accomplish or fully accomplish.    And I think what has happened is that we've gotten this--the leadership here has basically become dysfunctional and has been dysfunctional for a long time. And it's interesting that the employees know that. They know it, and they figured it out. And it affects their lives. They're probably good people trying hard to be the very best that they can be. They take their jobs very seriously, and they want to make sure that they address the kind of important issues that you deal with. They want to do it effectively and efficiently. But then they're almost blocked and they're distracted, in many instances, because of all of this stuff that's happening at the top.    And so, again, Mr. Chairman Moure-Eraso, I would ask that maybe, you know, when you get a chance after you leave here today, that you give some thought to taking an early retirement and let this agency go forward so it can do the things that it needs to do.    And I want you to understand, I don't say that lightly. Very rarely have I asked anybody from this dais to leave. But I just think that this is so important. And I do think that you need to put a mirror up and ask the question, is it me? And I think the Vantage report and the findings and a lot of what we've heard here today points to you. And I hope that you'll consider that.    Again, I thank you all.