    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity. I appreciate your testimony.    COOL started in 2002, and it was implemented in 2009. Since that time, we have had this disgruntlement, the disruption of the market, the lawsuits and all that, and when I look at the responsibility of the USDA, is it the responsibility of the USDA and the government to illustrate the origin of the meat that the U.S. consumer eats, like Canada and Mexico, or is it a trade issue?    Mr. Smith, let me ask you first.    Mr. Yoho. Is it the responsibility of the USDA to demand, or require Country-of-Origin Labeling, or should that be negotiated in the trade issues like with NAFTA, when NAFTA came out, should that have been put in there and not after the fact when NAFTA was negotiated?    Mr. Yoho. I understand that, but should that have been negotiated in NAFTA when it first happened, instead of after the fact?    Mr. Yoho. All right. My other question is, the COOL label doesn't make a product safer.    Mr. Yoho. It doesn't add to the traceability of a product. The USDA has sole responsibility of saying a product is wholesome, healthy and good for the consumer or marketable. And I don't see the benefit of the COOL labeling, and you guys have brought it up for the majority of the panel that it has added a burden to the U.S. producer, it has put us in trade retaliation. And let us see, probably the best way to go in this is looking at the complete repeal of that, and I hope out of this Committee, and with your recommendation, that is the smartest way to go, and have these things negotiated in trade agreements. As I said, the labeling doesn't make the product any safer for the consumer. It doesn't increase the traceability. In addition, it adds $2 billion to the cost of meat, which is ultimately paid for by us, the consumer, and it affects the people at the lower income levels higher.    So with that, we will listen to your recommendations, and I look forward to working on that so that we can move beyond this and not have retaliation from our trading partners. And coming from the State of Florida, I was born in Minnesota like Mr. Emmer, but my parents had the good sense to move to Florida. And Canada is Florida's largest trading partner also, and it would be tough for us. We ship a lot of citrus up there. And I look forward to working through this so that we build those alliances with our trading partners stronger so that we keep agriculture a strong trading tool.    I am going to yield back, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate it, and congratulations.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    The gentleman from Washington, Mr. Newhouse.