    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, gentlemen, for doing this.    I am going to ask some simple questions, and I hope I know the answers in advance. But I just want to clarify this because, Mr. Healey, you got my attention during your opening statement, about one of your concerns--probably a valid concern--about the risks that the financial system faces in the event of some rogue international actor.    I think you specifically mentioned Iran or Russia being backed up against the wall, feeling they have no vested interest in the financial system, with very little to lose, especially since they could pull off some type of plausibly deniable type of effort.    So I guess, for the sake of starting the discussion, let me ask you the question then that should be first and foremost in everybody's mind, which is how safe is our money? If I have money in a particular financial institution--pick one of the major institutions--how safe is it in your opinion, sir?    Mr. Mulvaney. Tell me why.    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Healey, let me cut you off.    Mr. Mulvaney. If you could take that to a retail level for me, because you understand what it means for banks not being able to clear at the end of the day. Sometimes I think I understand, sometimes I don't. What does that mean to an ordinary family?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would anybody else care to weigh in on that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you for that. That is a wonderful summary. Thank you both, gentlemen, for clarifying that because what I think we are saying is that while individual institutions may be subject to attack, that the system will remain strong, and that any impact on ordinary Americans would be temporary at worse. So it would be something that could be fixed in short order. I think it is important that we come out of this, Mr. Chairman, recognizing the fact that the institutions are sound and it is still safe to put your money in the bank.    Now, let me ask a follow-up question. How safe is my personal information? I will come back to you, Mr. Healey, because I think you said you didn't care that much about it, but I may have--    Mr. Mulvaney. I may have heard that out of context. So how safe is my personal information, especially in light of this world we are creating now? And I think we were inevitably there where you all have--different institutions have to share information. So how safe is my personal information?    Mr. Mulvaney. Anybody else? Mr. Bentsen? Mr. Nichols?    Mr. Mulvaney. It would be hard to go to a different Social Security Administration.    Mr. Mulvaney. Gentlemen, thank you very much.