    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am delighted that you are all here today. We appreciate it very much.    On behalf of the ranking chair, Mr. Smith, I wanted to submit his statement for the record and also acknowledge how difficult it is to find that appropriate balance between the acquisition cycle time, and risk. We know that needs to be done. And also, how do we nurture innovation and developmental testing within the acquisition cycle. That is also a big concern and something that he notes in this particular statement.    Again, thank you very much for being here. We look forward to your testimony.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlelady.    The Chairman. We will now turn to our witnesses, Mr. Andrew Hunter, director of Defense-Industrial Initiatives Group at Center for Strategic and International Studies ; Dr. David Chu, President of the Institute for Defense Analyses ; Mr. Joe Pasqua, member of the Business Executives for National Security ; and Mr. Paul Francis, managing director for acquisition and source management from the Government Accountability Office .    Without objection, your full written statements will be made part of the record, and I would ask each of you to summarize them at this point before we go to questions.    Mr. Hunter, I guess we are starting with you.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate all of your input here.    I think one of my questions, and perhaps both in business and in the Department, the extent to which we rely on people who have done those things before, and with the idea that they will be able to move forward, you know, do you see in business particularly putting folks on the project who maybe haven't been there before? I mean, is there something to be said for we really do need in management to bring in--talk about different eyes on the issue. Do you see that happening in the business, that you are able to do that more than perhaps in the public sector?    Mrs. Davis. Uh-huh, yeah. I don't know, Dr. Chu or even Mr. Francis, does sometimes just the culture get in the way of that?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Mr. Francis, is the reason that we tend to build on immature technologies that there hasn't been this sort of change in terms of looking at something, I guess, different from what they have done in the past? How would you solve that, I guess?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Forbes.