    Mr. Hice . Yes, sir, please.    Mr. Hice. The gentleman yields back.    The chair will now recognize himself for 5 minutes.    Along these lines of the attendance records that you have referenced a few times, this certainly goes far beyond just mismanagement of taxpayer dollars. There is obviously a lot at stake in all of this figuring. When the U.S. and Afghan officials are planning offensive or defensive military operations and they have inaccurate numbers with which they are working with in terms of personnel and whatever location they are, what are the national security implications?    Mr. Hice. Well, obviously, the results of that could be enormous, and you referenced the trillion dollar investment. How is the Afghan National Security Forces operating right now, in this season, without U.S. military support, are they holding?    Mr. Hice. I would certainly agree with you. You mentioned also fraud and bribery. Just how deep is the corruption?    Mr. Hice. So with the corruption, though, that is there, although there appears to be attempts to correct some of it, can they be trusted to conduct oversight of salary payments, attendance, that type of thing?    Mr. Hice. Are we talking an electronic system?    Mr. Hice. Well, you would think as long as the U.S. is making so many of the payments for personnel and so forth, that, with the money flow going in, they would want that relationship to be healthy and that they would want to address some of the abuse, the fraud, and that type of thing. Is that an accurate assessment?    Mr. Hice. All right, sir, thank you. My time has expired.    The chair will now recognize the representative from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hice. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The chair will now recognize the ranking member from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for five more minutes.    Mr. Hice. Thank you very much.    Votes have been called, so we are going to need to hurry up. I do have another couple of quick questions, if you could be quick on your responses.    Are you familiar with the new embassy construction project?    Mr. Hice. OK. From what I understand, there are ballooning costs taking place. There are a thousand desks, for instance, in that embassy, according to the GAO's briefing last year. And yet you described a moment ago 40 percent cuts. How do we equalize this? Is there a way to?    Mr. Hice. How does this fit with our oversight over our direct assistance?    Mr. Hice. Yes, the whole complex.    Mr. Hice. OK. Well, I know that you are an oversight body, but what type of mechanisms would you recommend to have stricter control with what is happening here? Do you have recommendations?    Mr. Hice. U.S. dollars that are provided for direct assistance.    Mr. Hice. OK, very good. Well, listen, I want to thank you for your witness today and for appearing before us. If there is no other business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.