    Mr. Sopko. Thank you very much. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, it is a pleasure, as always, to testify before this committee and to testify about SIGAR's inspections of facilities and infrastructure built and renovated by the Department of Defense in Afghanistan. SIGAR has issued 37 inspection reports examining 45 DOD reconstruction projects in Afghanistan with a combined value of approximately $1.1 billion.    Although these projects do not constitute a representative statistical sample of all DOD projects, they do provide us a valuable insight into the challenges facing reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan. And I would like to focus on five key takeaways from our work.    First, my inspection team found that some of the projects were well-built and met contract requirements and technical specifications. However, most did not.    Secondly, we at SIGAR understand that reconstruction is difficult in Afghanistan. We also recognize that DOD and its components have taken steps to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of reconstruction projects. For example, DOD has generally been responsive to the recommendations in our inspection reports and has implemented 79 of the 100 recommendations we've made.    Thirdly, despite these efforts, many of the projects we inspected had significant deficiencies caused in part by common and recurring problems such as unqualified contractors, poor workmanship, and inadequate oversight by DOD officials.    Fourthly, despite these problems, many contractors were still paid the full contract amount and not held accountable for their shoddy workmanship.    Fifth, we continue to be concerned--and I think this is an important point--we continue to be concerned about the Afghan Government's ability to sustain the numerous facilities DOD has built or transferred for it. Although we're not focusing on other agencies, we're also concerned about the buildings that USAID has built for the Afghan Government and transferred to it, as well as the State Department.    Looking at just the base transfers alone, DOD has donated 391 former U.S. military bases worth approximately $858 million to the Afghan Government since 2010. They all have to be maintained. The Afghan Government has proven itself unable to operate and maintain its facilities on a wide scale. For Afghan security forces facilities in particular, DOD is still spending millions of dollars each year in operation and maintenance services at many of them because the Afghans cannot do so themselves.    In light of these concerns, I was troubled to learn during my most recent trip to Afghanistan that our ongoing inspection of the new Ministry of Interior headquarters complex in Kabul uncovered extensive renovations being made to the headquarters building after it was supposed to have been completed, including installing dropped ceilings, tearing out recently poured concrete floors, tearing out electrical fixtures, and then replacing some of those floors with marble flooring in certain VIP and VVIP offices.    It appears DOD has contracted for these and other ``enhancements'' which are, according to the Statement of Work, ``to improve the aesthetics of the internal finishes.'' These enhancements are not only more costly and require more expertise to maintain but also replace features the Army Corps of Engineers originally constructed in accordance with DOD's own contingency construction standards issued in 2009.    Examples like this, combined with the Afghan Government's existing inability to operate and maintain its facilities, means the U.S. taxpayer will continue to expend funds indefinitely to sustain some of the facilities DOD has built.    And in conclusion, to enhance the administration and oversight of its reconstruction projects in Afghanistan, DOD should continue to improve its project planning and design process, guarantee contractors are qualified and capable, and conduct the oversight needed to ensure that facilities are built correctly and contracts are held accountable.    DOD should also continue to work with the Afghan Government to enhance its ability to operate, maintain, and sustain its facilities.    SIGAR will continue to work with DOD and Congress as it continues to oversee the critical work the United States and its coalition partners are undertaking, and we thank you for the opportunity to testify today about those efforts.    Mr. Sopko. That's all reconstruction money.    Mr. Sopko. DOD has the bulk of that.    Ms. Abizaid.--pays the rest.    Mr. Mica.--we are talking billions on top of billions, right? Was it you, sir, that told me--I am trying to remember who it was--that the Afghans did not have the ability to absorb or steal any more money?    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, I don't know if I said they didn't have the capacity to steal ----    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, absorption is a problem. We spent a lot of money there, gave them a lot of money, and they're not able to spend it either.    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct.    Mr. Sopko. That's correct. And it's not just us, it's everybody in Afghanistan working for the U.S. Government.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Sopko. That's correct ----    Mr. Sopko. USAID is a separate entity I think ----    Mr. Sopko. It's a separate entity. It's a--has an administrator ----    Mr. Sopko. Well ----    Mr. Mica.--of State at the time?    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, we file our reports with Secretary of State, Secretary ----    Mr. Sopko. On all of our reports to go to State Department, we would ----    Mr. Sopko. We do. We do.    Mr. Mica.--supply us with copies of the responses? Because it appears a lot of money was wasted and not attended to on some of these projects not only under DOD but under the State Department. And I want to see and have in the record the response from DOD and State and what steps were taken. Can you provide the committee with that?    Mr. Sopko. We definitely can do that, sir.    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, if I could add to what the assistant secretary said, and this is an issue I think Congress should address. DOD has been very good on having accurate geospatial coordinates for the buildings they've built. We have been publicly critical of USAID for having a rather sloppy and flippant attitude to geospatial.    Mr. Sopko. And we have issued--and I'm happy to provide to you--a number of critical letters to USAID administrators to make certain that geospatial coordinates are accurate.    Mr. Sopko. I don't know if you read about it. We did a survey. We found out some of the coordinates were in the Mediterranean ----    Mr. Sopko. DOD has done a good job at that. AID has been less than ----    Mr. Sopko. Yes, unfortunately, I am. And it was a program by the Task Force for Business Stabilization. It was basically an attempt to rebuild or build a cashmere market, and as far as we know, it was a failure. They did import goats. They sent a team actually to Mongolia to try to bring back Mongolian goat semen. We're still tracking that down.    As far as we know--we talked to a subject matter expert who said they tried to do that they needed to be done in 20 years in a 2-year period, and it was a total failure. We will be issuing a report on that in more detail, but the problem is there were no metrics and what type of metrics they had they didn't even follow.    Mr. Sopko. That figure I believe of 40 percent was quoted by, I believe, a parliamentarian, an Afghan parliamentarian or a provincial director I think down in Helmand Province, so we have not been able to corroborate that.    The concern we have is we've seen ghost schools, we've seen ghost teachers, we've seen ghost clinics, ghost doctors, ghost civil servants, and we have heard of ghost soldiers. We actually heard part of the problem in Helmand and part of the problem in Kunduz were the units may not have been as fulsome as we expected. Our concern is we don't really have the capability of verifying that anymore because we don't have the troops underground, we don't have the people. We're using anecdotal information. And that is a concern I think we all have, particularly based upon the history in Afghanistan.    And our concerns have been confirmed by the Ghani government. They've done a number of studies at least on the teachers and the clinics, and they're finding the same things that we are finding. But so far we haven't been able to do that.    Mr. Sopko. Security is number one. Verify to yourself as best as you can that the ANDSF has the capabilities, the Afghan security forces have those capabilities. The second thing, Congressman Lynch, is get outside of the embassy, get outside of the command structure and talk to some of the people, talk to some of the soldiers privately, talk to some of the people in the NGO community privately and to get their assessment. Every time I go there, I try to do that. Every time I go there, I try to meet with Afghan soldiers ----    Mr. Sopko. Then you get the true picture. You don't get the happy talk ----    Mr. Sopko. It's so bad now I can't even drive from the airport, and no American civilian can drive from the airport to the embassy. We have to fly.    Mr. Sopko. Last time I was there, I wanted to go across the street to do an inquiry, and I was told I was going to have to helo across the street ----    Mr. Sopko. I agree wholeheartedly with that. They should.    Mr. Sopko. I am not aware of that. I'm not saying they didn't. I don't think they did, but I'm not absolutely certain. I would have to ----    Mr. Sopko. If the question is are they capable, no, they are not capable at this point. They can't--they don't have the technical capability and they don't have the financial capability so we're going to have to support them.    I mean, just to go back to a question one of your colleagues asked, Congressman, they raise approximately $2 billion in revenue. The cost of the entire Afghan National Security Forces is $5 billion approximately. The cost of the rest of the government we've given them is another $4 billion, $3-$4 billion. So there's a delta there. They can raise $2 billion. It's $8-$10 billion to support the government. That delta is provided by the U.S. taxpayer and the coalition taxpayers. So from a financial point of view, they cannot maintain.    A good question to ask is how much money are we now giving to the Afghan Government to do O&M for all the buildings we just--we give them or build for them? And that's a significant amount. And remember, every dollar of O&M, overhead and maintenance that the Afghans spend is one less dollar they can spend for hiring a trooper, for buying bullets, for guns, or whatever. So we've got to realize we're stuck now of having built an Afghan infrastructure that the Afghans cannot afford.    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, I'd have to check on that.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Sopko. It is difficult. I mean, I wish I could cite some French back to you, sir, but it's--there's probably a phrase of that. I mean, we are in a situation now where we have built too much too fast with too little oversight. And I feel like the detective that shows up and the body is not only gone from the murder scene, the chalk outline has now disappeared and I am trying to find somebody accountable.    Now, the good thing is you have a good team over in Afghanistan with the CSTC-A and with Commander Campbell, a new commander there, who really are taking this seriously and they're trying to put conditions on it. The other good thing is the National Unity Government under President Ghani really wants to change things. So that is the positive side of this. And you have, under the Assistant Secretary Abizaid, a good team here that recognizes it.    But we've got 15 years of real problems. We have 15 years of not applying the metrics, sir, that you and I had a long conversation about. We didn't apply metrics. And to this day I still have not heard back from the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, and USAID to give me their top 10 successes and why. Give me your successful programs and why. Give me your failures and why. If anything, right now, you need to rack and stack what worked and what didn't in Afghanistan ----    Mr. Sopko. Yes, Mr. Chairman. It's actually $113 billion.    Mr. Sopko. We have approximately--let me get that figure. I think it's $11.45 billion in the pipeline as of the end of 2015, so $11 billion is in the pipeline.    Mr. Sopko. Chairman, the $3.45 billion is just supporting the Afghan military and police. You've still got to pay for the rest of the Afghan Government, okay, the teachers, the health clinics, the roads, and everything else.    Mr. Sopko. Well, as I said before, that's about $8-$10 billion total, subtract out the $5 billion, $4 billion for the police. So we're talking about $6 billion.    Mr. Sopko. I'd go back to ----    Mr. Sopko. Reconstruction. I'd go back to the figure I told you. The Afghans raise about $2 billion in legal taxes ----    Mr. Sopko. And then another $3-$4 billion above that. So it's $7 billion that somebody has to pay. Up to now, it's the U.S. taxpayers and the coalition per year. Per year I'm talking about.    Mr. Sopko. It sounds like the rest of our coalition is giving about $2 billion and we're picking up the other $6-$7 billion.    Mr. Sopko. Yes. I mean, actually, the amount of money we're spending on reconstruction in Afghanistan is more we're paying for reconstruction in any other country in the United States and I think we've ever done anywhere. I mean, it's more than we spent on the entire Marshall Plan for Europe after the war.    Mr. Sopko. Mr. Chairman, I think I can give that number to you.    Mr. Sopko. Our best guesstimate--and again, it changes every day--is 39,609 total contractors. It's not just for DOD; it's also for AID and State. Fourteen thousand two hundred and twenty-two approximately are U.S. citizens or 36 percent. So we've got about 40,000 contractors.    Mr. Sopko. I'll have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Sopko. I think the--I think what I recommended is take those lessons and apply them for every new contract, but I think the best thing to do right now is to do a thorough, complete assessment of the needs for any new construction, and that has been done in the past and I'm just saying we should do it now. It's probably a good time to do that again. General Dunford did that, and we actually commended him when he was commander of ASIF for saving close to half-a-billion dollars by canceling programs. So I think that's the way to do it. Now is the time to do an assessment, and not only DOD. AID and State should do it, too, and that's a way to incorporate that.    Mr. Sopko. For reconstruction only.    Mr. Sopko. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Sopko. Among other things, yes.    Mr. Sopko. It's one of the most popular crops. It's been a success, yes. Opium production is up.    Mr. Sopko. I think, sir, it's 80 to 90 percent.    Mr. Sopko. Approximately $8.4 billion. That's billion with a B.    Mr. Sopko. I don't have the exact number, but I think they're producing well more now than they did during the Taliban years, and it has been the only successful export from Afghanistan for the 15 years we've been there.    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, can I just add ----    Mr. Sopko. I think what you're focusing on is so important. We tend to focus on inputs. That's the amount of money we spend, and outputs, you know, we bought a whole bunch of airplanes and we have a nice special mission wing, but we never looked the issue that you're looking at. What is the outcome? The outcome, sir is that opium production is higher today. Two thousand and fourteen was the highest production year in Afghanistan. So if you look at any metrics for success or failure--and I've been doing counter narcotics--I did it for Sam Nunn when I was on his committee. For 15 years I looked at counter narcotics activities in the United States. You look at arrests, you look at seizures, you look at amount of crops underproduction, hectares under production, you look at the number of addicts.    If you look at every one of those metrics, we have failed. The arrests are down, seizures are down, production is up, hectares under production is up, the amount of money being gained, and more important for Afghanistan, the amount of money going to the insurgency has increased since we've been there.    So, sir, to you--and I'm just a simple country lawyer--I don't think we've succeeded in Afghanistan. I make this statement like I did before about winning. If this is winning, what is losing the drug war?    Mr. Sopko. That is correct. It's one of the sources. There are other sources. And I would note, Congressman, Mr. Chairman, is that a lot of the activities we're seeing, the fighting we're seeing in Helmand and up in the Kunduz area is drug-related. These are terrorists groups fighting over the drugs and these are local police and local Afghan officials fighting over drug control.    Ashraf Ghani warned us before he was President if we didn't do something and if the Afghans didn't do something, his country would become a narco terrorist state. And I think his prediction is coming true.    Mrs. Maloney.--I just wanted to get to your comments.    So I just would like to go to Mr. Sopko. You know, do you believe that one contract type is better than another? And do you believe that the cost overruns and other issues associated with this project could have been prevented by just using a firm fixed price contract?    Mr. Sopko. Absolutely. I would never use a cost plus contract in Afghanistan. You're basically asking for the American taxpayer to end up getting fleeced, and that's what you had here. I mean, there is no risk. And I take umbrage with the colleague that somehow we're sharing risk in a cost plus contract. The only person sharing the risk is the U.S. taxpayer. The contractor doesn't have to do anything. He's going to get the additional funding, and that's what you see here, 5 additional years to do the contract and a cost overrun of hundreds of millions of dollars. So I would never use a cost-plus contract in a place like Afghanistan.    Mr. Sopko. As I said before, I think we need to reassess what we've done up to now, and by ``we'' I mean not SIGAR. We're going to do our own lessons learned on this. I think that each agency has to do it, rack and stack what's worked, what hasn't, and what do we need to do in Afghanistan. But we have to prioritize.    Now, we have talked about promising a decade of transition. That means at least for the next 10 years the billions of dollars that the chairman has been trying to figure out with us that we're going to spend, we've promised 10 more years of this. The other thing you have to consider if we stop funding the Afghan Government, it will collapse and the bad guys will take over.    So we're between a rock and a hard spot, but you really need, from a policy point of view, make a decision and go forward on that. But I think we need to start by doing racking and stacking and prioritizing what the Afghans really need.    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, I wouldn't have that number. I will try to find it. But the problem we have is--and this is something we've pointed out for a few years--we don't even know what we built in Afghanistan ----    Mr. Sopko. That's correct.    Mr. Sopko. Many of them. I said that. That's what we've been ----    Mr. Sopko. Oh, yes. And remember, the universe--we only looked at a few of these buildings. What you really need to do is ask the Department of Defense to tell you of all the buildings built they've ----    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Sopko. Well, to close out the recommendations, but we never received the assessments that they did. We said they should do assessments, but we have not received those assessments prior to issuing that report. We still haven't received those assessments.    Mr. Sopko. We have no idea.    Mr. Sopko. We've asked repeatedly, but we couldn't hold the report any longer. We held it for a long time to get those assessments. We still have not gotten written assessments. Our concern is the assessments aren't in writing; they were oral. That's a concern we have maybe because we're suspicious, but we still haven't gotten written assessments.    Mr. Sopko. Oh, I've been doing this for 20-some years, sir. After a while, I get suspicious when I ask for something that's pretty simple to get and I don't get it.    Mr. Sopko. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct.    Mr. Sopko. I don't know.    Mr. Sopko. Yes, there is. And I know, Mr. Chairman, you've been very interested in this, and I know the ranking member has been very interested, and I think it's because of your interest that I actually have some good news to report. We have been working with the new Unity Government, the National Unity Government, and on my recent trip to Afghanistan on February 22 I met with President Ghani about the Kabul Bank and other matters.    The President indicated he wanted SIGAR to work with his new task force that he is creating to find the assets. And so he is giving us complete access to all relevant bank and financial records, as well as other individuals. So this is a tremendous breakthrough. It should have been done years ago, but President Ghani has focused on this, so we are very happy about that.    Mr. Sopko. We have no guarantee we're going to get the money. It should have been done, like I say, 5 years ago, but the President is very eager for us to help him and recover the assets for the Afghan people.    Mr. Sopko. Billions, I think. I can get the exact number.    Mr. Sopko. CERP was a rather large program.    Mr. Sopko. It's harder to do oversight now. We have the largest oversight presence of any of the IGs or the GAO, but it's a security situation we're dealing with.    Now, we haven't just given up and walked away. We have come up with some innovative techniques, and one of them is using a number of Afghan civilian organizations and vetting them to get out and take a look at schools and clinics, and then we double-check that. And that's how we're getting out to do it. But it's extremely difficult because of the security situation.    Mr. Sopko. No. No, it is not. Part of it is because of security. It's not adequate. We have seen time and time again, and even on recent projects, somebody can't get out and check and see if the project was finished, you know, and it was completed in a proper manner.    Mr. Sopko. Of course. If no one goes out and kicks the tires, you make the payment. So, no. And again ----    Mr. Sopko. Well, yes, I think the construction is completed as a--when we ended it, I don't think it was fully occupied. I think it's finished but it's not fully occupied.    Mr. Sopko. Mr. Chairman, this is--I mean, Congressman, this is in the most secure location in Afghanistan. This isn't downtown Kabul. You can see the building from our embassy. This is a thing that was done recently. Now, we have MOI. You can see that from the airport.    And so if the security situation is bad, and I recognize there are security problems, if they can't do it under time and on budget there, what do you expect if they're doing something in Kajaki where no American can get to? And that was one of the things that they're still working on, the Kajaki Dam. We have been trying to finish the Kajaki Dam since 1950. It is the longest public works projects in the history of the United States. It makes the Big Dig look like a real short dig.    Now, we are putting money and money in it. I heard somebody refer to dams the--use decided to go on budget because we couldn't do the product--project ourselves. So we gave it to the Afghans to do it. But there's no Americans checking to see if they're doing it. Last time we heard, the turbine parts had been sitting out there for years and been rusting in a bone yard. They don't fit. They don't work together. But I was assured by USAID it's going to be completed in my lifetime.    Mr. Sopko. Kajaki Dam is now totally surrounded by the insurgents, and even when we finish Kajaki Dam, sir, most of the--I wouldn't say most, probably a good percentage of electricity is going to be diverted to the insurgents. So we are basically paying for a power plant for the insurgents.    Mr. Sopko. I think that it's down to 11--approximately $11 billion.    Mr. Sopko. Well, DOD doesn't actually prosecute cases ----    Mr. Sopko. I believe it's ----    Mr. Sopko. No.    Mr. Sopko. I believe so. I mean ----    Mr. Sopko. Again, I ----    Mr. Mica.--fraud?    Mr. Sopko. Billions, sir ----    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. Well, Mr. Mica, can I just add ----    Mr. Sopko. Well, since then.    Mr. Sopko. Since then, we actually uncovered a scheme to defraud a billion-dollar contract that was going to be issued by the Afghan Government. It was U.S. money. And we brought that to the President's attention and he did something. He fired generals, he opened an investigation on it. So this is ----    Mr. Sopko. Congressman ----    Mr. Sopko. Congressman, just so you know, this week my Special Projects Unit just issued a report that partially answers your question. It discussed that between January 2010 and October 2015 DOD transferred or closed 616 of 715 bases in Afghanistan, and the value the DOD put on it was $851 million, and that consists of 11,900 ----    Mr. Sopko. Bases and excess property ----    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. That's correct.    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. Well, it had met its contract requirement to build it, it was well-built, it was being used as intended. So it was a success story.    Mr. Sopko. I believe so, sir.    Mr. Sopko. Yes, it is a success.    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. We will. We've monitored it. And actually, in support of the assistant secretary, it is an improvement. We're at least having unique identity cards ----    Mr. Sopko. It's an improvement.    Mr. Sopko. Mr. Chairman, as before, I'm in an awkward spot. I can't give you an answer. All I know is billions have been wasted or stolen. But I can't tell you the exact number. We don't even have a number of all the projects and then know where they're located, so it's very difficult for us to do that. No one can.    Mr. Sopko. That would include. That would include.    Mr. Sopko. That's our best estimate.    Chairman Chaffetz.--a grand total of just less than 50,000 people, correct?    Mr. Sopko. Yes ----