    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Lynch, as you may recall, a woman working for the IRS named Lois Lerner was held in contempt by the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and the full House and referred to the Department of Justice under your predecessor. Do you recall that?    Attorney General Lynch. Sir, I am aware of the reports of that. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Issa. Speaking of those reports, the Committee reviewed more than a million documents, did approximately 50 interviews, and produced a report. Are you familiar, have you read that report?    Attorney General Lynch. I have not had occasion to read the Committee's report, sir.    Mr. Issa. Well, the Senate Finance Committee released a bipartisan report in August of this year finding that the IRS abused conservative applicants for nonprofit status--I repeat, abused applicants. Did you read that report?    Attorney General Lynch. I have not had occasion to read that report, Congressman.    Mr. Issa. Well, the gentleman sitting behind you signed on your behalf about an 8-page report explaining to us why nothing went wrong legally at the IRS. Are you familiar with that letter to Congress?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes, I'm familiar with the letter that the Department has provided to Congress on this matter, sir.    Mr. Issa. And in that case you didn't just indicate that in fact no laws were broken, you indicated that it was just mismanagement and that you found no laws broken. Isn't that correct?    Attorney General Lynch. Actually, Congressman, I believe that our review found that the management of the process by which tax-exempt applications were handled at the IRS was characterized by mismanagement and inefficiency in numerous circumstances.    Mr. Issa. Right. So you found that there was an administrative problem, not a legal problem.    Madam General, are you familiar with 2 U.S.C. 194?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, sir?    Mr. Issa. 2 U.S.C. 194, and I'll refresh your memory. It states, a statute covering congressional contempt states that it shall be the duty of the relevant U.S. attorney to bring the matter before the grand jury. In the case of the referral of Lois Lerner for contempt, the U.S. attorney failed to comply with that law under your predecessor.    Are you willing to comply with that law? Are you willing to have the current U.S. attorney comply with 2 U.S.C. 194, which very clearly says, shall have the duty, not may, not can make an independent decision about whether or not that individual has done wrong or should be held in contempt? Will you comply with 2 U.S.C. 194 and instruct your U.S. attorney to bring that contempt before Congress?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman----    Mr. Issa. Before the----    Attorney General Lynch. Before the grand jury.    Mr. Issa . Grand jury.    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I believe that matter has been reviewed by the U.S. attorney at the time and the prosecutorial decision was made and we're not looking back on that.    Mr. Issa. Okay. Again, 2 U.S.C. 194 states that it shall be the duty of the relevant U.S. attorney to bring before the grand jury. The U.S. attorney did not do so. Is it your opinion that ``shall do'' in a law passed by both houses of the Congress and signed by the President is a discretion?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I believe that the matter was reviewed by the former U.S. attorney.    Mr. Issa. No, ma'am, I'm asking you for a decision. When something says that you or your employees shall do something, do you believe that that's discretion?    Attorney General Lynch. Sir, as I indicated, I believe that in the exercise of prosecutorial discretion the matter was handled and resolved.    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, then, we simply disagree on what the meaning of ``shall'' is. And I guess for your purposes ``shall'' and ``may'' in the thesaurus are synonyms. Is that correct, that ``shall'' and ``may'' are equally able to be decided by your choice? I'm not trying to be argumentative, but you're telling me ``shall'' is something that has discretion. What part of discretion is in ``shall do''? ``Shall'' is you will do, isn't it?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, in the exercise of prosecutorial discretion that decision was made.    Mr. Issa. Okay. So you have no respect for laws passed if you don't like them. You think you have discretion when something says ``shall'' is what you're testifying to today.    My question to you is, during your predecessor the Committee on Oversight and others asked for a woman working for you, Ms. Bosserman, and wanted to do a transcribed interview. At that time, the Department of Justice said she would not be made available because there was an ongoing investigation. Since you have now dismissed that investigation, are you prepared to make her available to Committees for a transcribed interview?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, it is the practice of the Department not to provide line attorneys for congressional testimony. We seek to provide the information that will help you in your oversight duties. The testimony of----    Mr. Issa. Mr. Conyers is still sitting here at the dais. Mr. Conyers very bravely took on the Bush administration. Where relevant U.S. attorneys and case law effectively now is that in fact if a Committee of Congress wants somebody, it is not a discretion to say no. In the case of Harriet Miers, that was pretty well adjudicated, and Mr. Conyers as Chair made it very clear that Congress has a right to have someone.    Again, I'll ask you finally. Previously the reason was not that you would not make a line attorney available, but Ms. Bosserman was part of an ongoing investigation. Since that investigation is done, are you saying today that you refuse to have her available under any conditions?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm saying that I am being consistent to the policy of the Department of Justice that we do not make line attorneys available.    Mr. Issa. I'm not asking a policy question, I'm asking about one individual----    Attorney General Lynch. That would include that individual.    Mr. Issa . When there is no ongoing investigation, they would like to talk about a past investigation. If she is requested, will you make her available?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, as I've indicated, we provide information to the Committee and we seek to do so through a number of means, as we have indicated. We've provided a letter, and we are certainly happy to continue with our offer of a briefing to the full Committee on this matter.    With respect to line attorneys of any investigation, it is not the policy of the Department of Justice to have the line attorneys testify, because they do their work independently and focusing solely on the facts and the law, and we do not want them having to deal with the issue of a political review of their work. They are focused solely on the facts and the law and they follow the evidence where it leads.    As I've indicated with respect to the letter, and as I believe the previous Deputy Attorney General indicated, in this matter we are happy to provide information to this Committee. And I believe we have offered a briefing to Members of the Committee on the matter as well, and we do certainly stand by that offer.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the indulgence for her answer, as insufficient as it was.