    Dr. Baker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Extreme space weather events pose a threat to all forms of modern high technology, particularly the backbone provided by the electric power grid. The occurrence of severe space weather impacting our nation's infrastructure is not a question of ``if'' but ``when.'' My group studied a powerful solar storm that occurred just three years ago on the 23rd of July 2012. This solar eruption produced a coronal mass ejection that moved from the sun's to the distance of Earth orbit in only about 15 hours. This is among the very fastest-moving solar blasts ever witnessed in the space age. It was a ferocious disturbance that fortunately was directed somewhat away from Earth. We realized that a direct hit by such an extreme coronal mass ejection would cause widespread power blackouts, disabling everything that uses electricity.    According to a 2009 study from the U.S. National Academies, the total economic impact from an event of this sort could exceed $2 trillion or 20 times greater than the cost of Hurricane Katrina. Multi-ton power grid transformers disabled by such a storm could take years to repair or replace.    The current capability of our technological society to predict space weather is primitive. Through programs supported by the National Science Foundation, NASA, NOAA, we observe the sun, and we can see the general properties of the expansion of the solar atmosphere and powerful solar storms heading in our general direction. However, the measurements at the first Lagrangian point provide only about 4five minutes of warning at best as to what will impact Earth. This is insufficient time for implementing most mitigation strategies.    I spent two sobering days on the 20th and 21st of July at the 6th Electric Infrastructure Security Summit here on Capitol Hill. Representatives from over 20 world nations attended the EIS Summit. CEOs from key electric power utilities and leaders from the U.S. military and several federal agencies spent time grappling with the immense challenges that would result if nuclear EMP or geomagnetic disturbances were to take down the North American power grid. In the EIS world, such events are termed ``Black Sky'' days. The 100-plus EIS delegates acknowledged that the collapse of the power system would be devastating, and that industry, government, and academia must all work together to the greatest degree possible to minimize the impact when such a Black Sky day occurs.    In space weather, as in many things, forewarned is forearmed. Many studies have shown that improved prediction of space weather would have important economic impacts on our society in the same way that improved terrestrial weather forecasts have greatly improved our economic wellbeing and the quality of daily lives.    Is our problem of improving space weather forecasting hopeless? Absolutely not. But it will require a substantially increased and dedicated government research program. Government-funded programs must be chosen to advance our civilization, our strategic importance in the world. In fact, efforts that would result in sufficient space weather prediction capability would be among our highest national--should be among our highest national priorities. Unfortunately, today's federal investments and policies are not aligned with this set of space weather needs.    The U.S. National Academies published a Decadal Survey in Solar and Space Physics in 2012. I was privileged to chair that activity. The Decadal Survey established the priorities for research relevant for space weather and basic research for NASA and NSF in the years 2013 to 2022. However, to date, NASA has not requested, nor has Congress funded, any of the significant initiatives recommended by the Decadal Survey.    The Heliophysics Division of NASA, which has the main responsibility for the research required to improve space weather predictions, is NASA's smallest science division. NSF space weather activities are only a small part of the geosciences division with many high priorities for other research areas. NOAA has the responsibility for making the actual space weather forecasts through the Boulder space-based--Space Weather Prediction Center, but these forecasts can only be based upon larger research efforts supported by the NSF and NASA.    A very substantial program was envisioned in the Decadal Survey that would build on the--a true operational 24/7 national space weather program. This would be a large investment but is essential for our nation's future. A key activity now underway is--by the federal agencies to address the Federal Space Weather Framework, as identified by the acronym SWORM with funding appropriately above the Decadal minimum level, the Decadal plan and the SWORM implementation plan could yield the required predictions in sufficient time.    The existential threat to our society represented by severe space weather events, especially to the national power grid, demand a similar national commitment even in these times of fiscal constraint. The nation should issue a challenge to the space research community to provide the predictive capability for space weather sufficient to make our economy more resilient and to reduce to an acceptable level our national vulnerabilities. The nation should recognize that this is a pressing challenge and that substantial resources will be required. In return, the space research community must give its common pledge that it will deliver what the nation requires. I would respectfully suggest that the time for budgetary and policy action is now.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Baker. With respect to the latter, there could be some other extreme events, but the most probable is really a solar-driven event of the sort we're talking about. How frequently these occur is the subject of continuing investigation, but the largest of these events are probably like equivalent of a 1-in-100-year kind of flood or something like that. But we are learning more about the sun all the time and recognizing that these could be occurring more on the time scale of every decade or two, every solar cycle.    The--I--the other part of your question I guess----    Dr. Baker. Extending the warning period----    Dr. Baker. Yes, that's one of the key things that is under research right now. By looking at the sun, we can see that coronal mass ejections are being emitted from the sun. This can give us perhaps warning of 12 to 14 hours, something like that. If we knew what the conditions inside of that material that was expelled from the sun were, whether that was going to be extremely harmful or relatively benign, has largely to do with the interplanetary magnetic field. If we could do that, then we could give perhaps eight to ten hours of warning. That would be extremely beneficial for many who are trying to prepare themselves for the largest of these events that are coming.    Dr. Baker. Well, I think--yes, it was--missed the Earth by about one week, about seven days, six or seven days. If it had occurred about a week earlier, so--it would have certainly hit the Earth. That would have been the kind of scenario that we think we would most dread. It would be a huge impact on the power grid. It would stand the chance of knocking out a number of the large, extremely high-voltage transformers on the backbone. We don't know how many, we don't know exactly the failure modes, but the $2 trillion really comes from looking at if one is without electrical power for weeks or months or extending into the timescale of a year or so, that this really then starts to be in the trillion of dollars kind of cost.    Dr. Baker. Well, that's the other component of this, which I'm glad to have the chance to respond to here is that it's not just the effects on the power grid directly; it's also the effects on satellites, the timing that we get from the global positioning systems which feeds into the other systems, it's the communication, it's all the things that we rely on. If all of those start to collapse and they start to collapse in sequence, then we are facing I think a kind of a society that we haven't seen for decades or 100 years or sent back to very primitive kind of conditions.    Dr. Baker. I will----    Dr. Baker. Yes.    Dr. Baker. Absolutely.    Dr. Baker. Absolutely.    Dr. Baker. That's right.    Dr. Baker. I think what we really need to have is a 24 by 7 very dedicated kind of program to look at the sun from sort of all directions and to be able to, as soon as possible, assess whether the disturbances coming from the sun are going to be harmful or relatively benign. If we could do that, we would then be much better positioned to react appropriately and to probably minimize the impacts.    The difference is that we--right now--light travels at 186,000 miles per second, 8 minutes warning that something is happening on the sun, but the fastest of these events can be at Earth in 12 or 14 hours.    Dr. Baker. That's right.    Dr. Baker. That's right. I think the----    Dr. Baker. --investment in such an observing program would be dwarfed by the cost society would face if we don't do those things.    Dr. Baker. Let me first say that I think this is a very active topic of research trying to understand what lower--you know, higher-frequency, lower-impact kind of events are doing to our systems. We can--it's very useful for us to think about the most extreme events and how we would inure ourselves to their effects. If we did that, we'd probably make ourselves better for the lower frequent--for the lower-impact events as well. But right now I think we don't know exactly where the sweet spot is, and investment versus, you know, the cost of doing things versus the impact that we might have.    Dr. Baker. I think what would probably be the biggest difference between now and 30 years ago is how interconnected--Congressman Perlmutter mentioned the interconnectedness of society. I think that we are much more tightly coupled now. The impacts would propagate more--further and I think more rapidly and probably more seriously. And so----    Dr. Baker. It could be a more negative impact by far I believe, and that's one of the things that I guess I've been most struck by in my recent examination of these issues is how interconnected society is and how interconnected our technologies are. We've surrounded ourselves, as we like to say, in a cyber electric cocoon that is----    Dr. Baker. --much more tightly coupled now than it was 30 years ago.    Dr. Baker. I think we should be going into this with our eyes much more open than they are. I think many, many times we develop technologies in one sector without thinking about how they relate to other sectors and how dependent we become. Again, the timing signals that come from the global positioning system are playing into many other kind of technologies, and we at least should be aware of that. I believe we ought to be much more careful about what the interconnectedness that we build into our systems and--now and into the future.    Dr. Baker. Right.    Dr. Baker. I think when you think about the broad sweep of space weather and all those dimensions that you're talking about, it probably affects us, you know, all the time, and on a daily basis there can be things. But when the sun becomes more active especially, then I think that this becomes something that can affect all those sectors and sometimes simultaneously.    So as we talked about before, there's a lot of focus on the most extreme events and the rarity of those extreme events, but as we build these more capable systems, the threshold for effective search go down and I think it becomes not a matter of every ten years or every five years, but it probably becomes almost a daily occurrence that someone somewhere is going to be suffering the effects of the environment on their technological system.    Dr. Baker. Yes.    Dr. Baker. Yes. As we talked about, by observing the sun that we could probably have an idea that a solar storm is coming our way. That Carrington event occurred in 1860. The internet of the Victorian age was the telegraph system. That was about the only technology that could really sense the effects of this.    Dr. Baker. I mentioned in my testimony that there was an event that occurred in 2012 that was probably two or three times stronger than the Carrington event, that it missed the Earth by about a week or so, that had that occurred, I had contended--I guess we can debate this point--we'd probably still be picking up the pieces had that event had occurred a week earlier.    Dr. Baker. Well, as Dr. Morgan talked about, we don't have a lot of transformers lying around ready to reinstall into our power grid. We don't have a lot of the kinds of backup systems and so on ready----    Dr. Baker. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. But I believe that, again, if we think about the worst kind of case scenario and how this would propagate through not only the power grid but other aspects of technology, I mean that we would probably still be trying to recover fully from the effects of those kinds of--you know, the incidents of events.    Dr. Baker. I think that's what's most alarming is the vulnerability that we have and how unaware we typically are about that, yes.