    Mr. Johnson. I thank the Chairman.    Today's hearing is a welcome discussion of international antitrust enforcement with a specific focus on China's approach to competition policy under its Anti-Monopoly Law. Over the past several decades, one of the most profound developments in antitrust law has been its expansion into the global economy.    In the 1980's, as few as five countries robustly enforce the antitrust laws. Today, more than 100 jurisdictions are members of the International Competition Network, an organization of enforcement agencies. This growing interest in antitrust law reflects a broader trend that reflects Nations moving away from centrally planned economies to open markets.    In recent years, there has also been some divergence from the U.S. approach to antitrust enforcement among Nations with established competition authorities. This change is particularly evident in China's aggressive enforcement of its Anti-Monopoly Law, which includes both procompetition goals such as preventing monopolization, and noncompetition directives such as improving economic efficiencies and development in China.    Some have suggested that these twin goals have at times served to protect domestic commerce rather than promote competition. Examining these differences is important because local enforcement decisions can have global effects, as Federal Trade Commission Chairwoman Edith Ramirez has observed. But diversity and enforcement policy is itself--in itself is not necessarily bad.    Progressives have long suggested that we rethink our antitrust policies to move beyond the excesses of the Chicago school of economic theory, as our former colleague Senator Herb Kohl has referred to it, to incorporate noneconomic values that promote the public interest through enforcement policy.    With this in mind, I commend our enforcement agencies for taking a long view in competition policy that embraces diverse antitrust frameworks and respects local autonomy, while also seeking to establish a fair, independent, and transparent enforcement process internationally. While most work remains to be done to broaden international consensus and ensure that enforcement policy is not just a tool for promoting domestic or industrial policy goals, I'm confident that we can continue to work productively to bridge our differences and complement divergent enforcement regimes.    As we seek consensus, it is imperative that we avoid an exceptional view of our own enforcement practices if we are to build upon ongoing dialogues with other sovereign Nations to establish economic and political comity. Indeed, progressives have long suggested a rethinking of our antitrust policies to move beyond what Senator Herb Kohl again referenced as the excesses of Chicago school of economic theory, and that we seek to incorporate noneconomic values that promote the public interest through enforcement policy.    In closing, I thank the Chair for holding today's hearing, and I hope to continue to look beyond our own antitrust enforcement practices in future hearings. I also thank our witnesses for their testimony. We truly have a wealth of expertise on the panel. I'm looking forward to hearing your views, particularly on the issue of whether or not there should be just one regime and it be our regime for antitrust enforcement. And when I say ``ours,'' I mean the American formula. And with that, I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Horton, are there any other lessons that U.S. antitrust policy can take from China's antitrust enforcement efforts?    Mr. Johnson. What say you to that, Mr. Heather?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I guess their enforcement mechanisms, without an independent judiciary, they're made in a different way.    But Professor Horton, any rebuttal from you as to Mr. Heather's comment?    Mr. Johnson. Now, our independent judiciary, Mr. Heather, does it have fairness as its benchmark of making decisions or does it--I mean, what do you say to that, to what Professor Horton just said, the ideals that we apply our antitrust policies? I mean, what is our--is our--is there--can we learn something from the Chinese in terms of adopting ideals such as fairness to consumers?    Mr. Johnson. And our courts apply rigorous economic thought to its decisions on antitrust policy? Yes.    Mr. Johnson. I guess it depends on what school they are trained from, perhaps. But let me move on.    China issued some regulations today on electronic payment services, and as global payment networks prepare to establish payment processing services in China, they potentially face impediments under these new rules, which I've not seen. I don't know if any of you all have, but the potential is there.    They will be required to implement Chinese security and encryption standards rather than globally interoperable security standards, which are well established and internationally recognized. How can the U.S. continue to push for competitive access to the Chinese market while protecting the integrity of the international payment system in light of divergent security and encryption standards?    Mr. Cohen, let me ask you that question.    Mr. Johnson. What do you say to that, Professor Horton?    Mr. Johnson. All right.    Mr. Heather.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. Ms. Ohlhausen, I will get to you next time.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ohlhausen, what has been the relationship between the FTC and, if you know, the Department of Justice in terms of the Chinese antitrust enforcement authorities? Have they reached out? What is the relationship between your agency and DOJ, if you know, and the Chinese enforcement agencies? And if you could describe that relationship, if any.    Mr. Johnson. So would it be safe to say that improvements are being made in terms of Chinese acknowledgment of American ideals in terms of antitrust enforcement? And also with respect to intellectual property, if you could comment about that.    Mr. Johnson. So this kind of dialog between an advanced Nation such as America and a developing Nation with respect to China, is this the way to go or should we--you said carry a big stick, Professor Horton. Is there a different way of approaching this than the way that we're doing it now? Would you recommend another approach, Professor Horton?     Mr. Johnson. All right. I thank you, Professor Horton.    And I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.