    Mr. Harris. Thank you. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Plaskett, and members of the committee, thank you for giving me the opportunity to share with you my response to the allegations raised and investigated by the Department's inspector general.    I've been proud to serve the public for the last 32 years at the Department of Education. However, in light of the IG's investigation and the counseling I received from the Office of the Deputy Secretary and the Office of the General Counsel at the Department, I fully understand and I take full responsibility for how some of my actions could allow questions to arise about my judgment. I view my behavior as unacceptable and I have learned from this experience.    Before I address the topic of this hearing, I'd like to provide the committee with an update on the progress on cybersecurity since the last time I sat before you in November. Since that time, the Department has enhanced its progress by standing up an Integrated Project Team that will be tracking all corrective action plans tied to FISMA or financial statement audits. The team is made up of the general counsel, myself, the deputy CIO, FSA chief operating officer, and the FSA CIO. I believe focusing this level of attention by senior members of the agency will help ensure we meet our targets.    The team will meet on a weekly basis to ensure that all corrective actions are resolved based on the dates provided to and agreed upon by the IG. The team will be paying particular attention to any items associated with the Department's high value assets, as well as items listed as repeat findings.    With respect to the IG's investigation, I have promptly and fully cooperated with the investigation. While I was not provided with a list of specific accusations against me, based on the questions during the investigation and the counseling I received, I understand that some concerns were expressed about my interactions with subordinate employees.    My management style is to make an--take an interest in and care about my colleagues and subordinates. I've been blessed with the opportunity to work with many outstanding individuals and even more blessed to have formed a friendship with some of the employees at the Department.    Again, based on questions during the investigation and the counseling I received, I believe that concerns were raised about my conduct with respect to my hobbies. This is, in my personal time, I enjoy detailing cars. Additionally, prior to the investigation, I had also enjoyed installing audio/video equipment. My staff members at the Department were aware of these hobbies, and two of these individuals in particular were interested in learning more about these activities. I now realize that by including them in my hobbies, for which they were compensated, I used poor judgment.    With regard to helping others on my team with home projects, I now understand that that could be misconstrued. Each request by staff was predicated by them approaching me and expressing an interest in benefiting from my experience.    I think it is important to note that while I did not view these activities as a business, I nevertheless understand how it could be perceived. Therefore, I have ceased to install any audio/video equipment or engage in activities with staff where there is compensation. The last time I performed work related to installing audio/video equipment for anyone and accepted compensation was in 2012.    The IG investigators also asked me questions related to the employment of a relative. My relative used the standard process to apply for a vacant position, and I had no part in the application process. The relative did not report to me or anyone working in my supervision. As I confirmed for the IG investigator, I did inquire with some colleagues whether they had openings in their office, and my relative is no longer working at the agency.    With respect to my relationship with the owner of a vendor that performed work with the agency, I acknowledge that I did develop a personal relationship with the vendor around 2008. As CIO, I did not and do not have a role in determining who will be awarded contracts. At no time did I advocate for this vendor or ask staff to treat this vendor any differently than other vendors. I have also ended my personal relationship with the vendor effective February 2013.    After cooperating with the IG investigators, I was counseled by then-Deputy Secretary Tony Miller in 2013, and later counseled by the ethics attorney Susan Winchell and Deputy Secretary Shelton and King. I also received a written counseling memo. I took each of these sessions very seriously, and immediately following my initial counseling, consulted any records I had with respect to my hobby and amended my tax returns to the IRS for 2008 through 2010. I determined I had no additional income for 2011 and reported the additional income on my 2012 tax returns and my form 278. The updated returns reflected a nominal increase, of which was roughly 1 to 2 percent increase of my total household income.    I have benefitted from the counseling of three deputy secretaries, as well as by the agency's lead attorney for the ethics division, Susan Winchell. While, at the time, I did not view my actions to be in violation of any laws, regulations, or policies, I do appreciate, however, that others viewed my conduct as questionable. I have severed my personal relationship with one vendor which I had developed a friendship. I no longer participate in activities related to installing audio/visual equipment, and I do not accept funds for detailing cars.    I appreciate the opportunity to answer any questions you may have about the testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Harris. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Harris. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Harris. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Harris. That is not correct, sir.    Mr. Harris. I do dispute that as articulated.    Mr. Harris. I do not dispute that.    Mr. Harris. Well, thank you for the question. I want to say categorically that these were hobbies that I've enjoyed for the greater part of my life, and the employees that wanted to engage me, two of them actually wanted to learn from me. And I am a teacher. That's one of the things I love to do.    Since 2012, I have severed my relationship with the vendor in question, and I'd like to also say that in 2004 when I sat on a panel, not selecting the vendor but providing a review for the panel, I was not a personal friend of that vendor. That friendship did not occur until 2008, and at that point I am completely removed from the acquisition process.    Mr. Harris. I have communicated with them, explained to them, providing transparency, and that's pretty much what I've done.    Mr. Harris. I'm sorry. Would you ask that question again?    Mr. Harris. I think working hard and actually demonstrating that I'm passionate about the job and I'm providing not only the direction but the time to do the job right.    I'd also like to put my job as CIO in context if I may. Cybersecurity is absolutely critical to the Federal Government. However, it is only one of the mission-critical responsibilities under my leadership. For example, I run the entire financial management platform. We have received 13 clean audit opinions. We have an incredible IT investment management program. We have the best grants management system in the Federal Government. One, I think, should look at the totality of my leadership, not just cyber, even though I agree that the Department had a poor record in improving cybersecurity. But again, it is only one aspect of my job, though it is a critical aspect.    Mr. Harris. I ----    Mr. Harris. Thank you, sir. I met him about 15 or so years ago.    Mr. Harris. I would say 2002 is what I recall.    Mr. Harris. That is correct, sir. I met him, but we did not form a friendship. He actually worked at the Department and I knew of him, but we never spent time together. I wasn't a friend. It wasn't until I ----    Mr. Harris. But I did not lead that project. I was just ----    Mr. Harris. But I did not select that vendor.    Mr. Harris. I did interact with him, but I was not a friend. It's no different than the vendors--the other vendors that I interact with that hold contracts with the Department.    Mr. Harris. I don't recall, sir. I don't have that in front of me.    Mr. Harris. That is not true.    Mr. Harris. They were not phone calls. I'm not a phone talker. They were probably text messages. But he was a friend. I make no excuses for that. He was a friend.    Mr. Harris. I am not involved in the acquisitions process in any shape, form, or fashion.    Mr. Harris. Approximately $15,000.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. No longer, but at one time.    Mr. Harris. Approximately $5,000.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Fifteen thousand dollars.    Mr. Harris. That is not correct.    Mr. Harris. I do not. It is a hobby, and one other individual who's an enthusiast helps me.    Mr. Harris. No, I do not. I get $50 and I pay for supplies. I make no money off of that.    Mr. Harris. And I've only ----    Mr. Harris. I ----    Mrs. Maloney.--right?    Mr. Harris. I did prior to 2012.    Mr. Harris. Which contract would you be referring to, the one in 2004?    Mr. Harris. The one in 2004 I believe was for project support. The other contracts ----    Mr. Harris. I have no idea.    Mr. Harris. I most certainly could.    Mr. Harris. I believe both were for project management support, and I can get you ----    Mr. Harris. Well, if--allow me to put in context how they Department works in terms of acquisitions. I as the CIO make general--provide general direction on technologies and implementations ----    Mr. Harris. I ----    Mrs. Maloney.--why that was a sole-source contract? Because I think everybody on this panel could go in and do project support. That should be a competitively bid contract to the lowest-qualified bidder.    Mr. Harris. I will get back to you. Our contracts division, which is not in CIO, determines the contract approach. I have nothing to do with that. But we can certainly get that information for you.    Mr. Harris. I'm not a subject matter expert on contracts, and that's not in my division so ----    Mr. Harris. We certainly have tools in place now to restrict all employees from connecting anything. I think it's standard practice when you travel all the time with your devices so that you can work to inadvertently put a non-supported USB or a CD in a drive.    Mr. Harris. Yes, we have.    Mr. Harris. Ninety-five percent is a really good number.    Mr. Harris. There is indeed.    Mr. Harris. The--we have two small challenges on privileged and non-privileged. On the privileged, we are 95, and we have one vendor who is completely re-architecting their data centers to segment out the Department of Education so that we can overlay two-factor authentication. That is to happen in March, and we will be at 100 percent.    In terms of unprivileged users, we're at 86 percent plus, and we're looking at our assistive technology and disabled community to provide technology that allows them to use two-factor, and then we would be 100 percent on unprivileged as well. And we're looking to achieve that by summer.    Mr. Harris. Actually, I came up through the IT segment. I started at the Department as a GS-5 programmer. I did development work probably for the first 7 years of my career. I did big database administration work ----    Mr. Harris. So as an IT professional, I am not a cybersecurity subject matter expert. And so it is true that the Department has been slow in making progress, and we're happy about the progress we're making now, but we need to make more.    Mr. Harris. Well, it's a good question. I would like to say that approximately 6 years ago I met with then-Secretary Arne Duncan and indicated to him that I was very concerned about our IT security posture, and I asked him for funding to do the first-ever Department IT security discovery process. And that was really, in my opinion, the foundation of the Department really starting to get really serious about cybersecurity.    Mr. Harris. Outstanding.    Mr. Harris. My ratings were outstanding.    Ms. Norton.--all of this was outstanding?    Mr. Harris. Yes, as a result of the entire body of my work, not just cybersecurity.    Mr. Harris. Many of them were just allegations, and I've owned up to those that represent really poor judgment on my part.    Mr. Harris. No.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. Well, specifically in the FISMA area, we have put an integrated project team together to meet weekly to look at the 51 caps that we have under the 18 findings for FISMA. We have already completed a number of those, approximately four of those, and we're looking to complete the vast majority of them by mid-summer.    Our number one priority is to protect--to correct those things that impact our HVAs, our high-value assets. A second priority is to ensure that repeat findings simply don't occur, not just not occur in individual systems, but occur across our ecosystems. So those are our two top priorities.    Mr. Harris. We don't have the necessary resources that we need to complete our goals. Everything is based on risk, and so what we do is look at risk and then we complete those items at the highest level of risk. There are times--in fact, some of our repeat findings have to do with the fact that we don't have the resources to do everything.    Mr. Harris. We are. It's one of our biggest challenges. As Dr. King mentioned earlier, we are bringing on a couple of cybersecurity experts to support not just the Department of Education but specifically Federal Student Aid, and we're looking for more talent also to bring on board to get at some of these challenging issues we have in cybersecurity.    Mr. Harris. I will.    Mr. Harris. We have approximately 134 systems in our information systems inventory. More than half of them fall within our primary data centers, and we are working on those that fall outside, much of which don't have PII, but we're working with those vendors to amend contracts and to ensure that they follow NIST guidance and FISMA guidance.    Mr. Harris. Well, what we're doing is we're looking at those things that we can actually consolidate, but we're also looking at a massive retirement of systems that we simply don't need to be carrying on our list of systems inventory.    Mr. Harris. I have, sir. And as a result of implementing FITARA, there are two significant things that have occurred that will allow me to engage Federal Student Aid more. I made no apology if you will about my lack of--my lack and limitation in the Federal Student area--arena. They have, up unto this point, independence. But FITARA will allow me 1) to have veto authority over Federal Student Aid IT activities and spending. It will also put me on their Investment Review Board, which I was not on before, to actually have an impact on how they strategize and plan their IT activities. Now, I can truly get answers about how their ecosystem actually works.    Mr. Harris. The PIV?    Mr. Harris. We are at 95 percent, and the one vendor that we talked about is in the Federal Student Aid ecosystem, and we're hoping to be--our plan is to be 100 percent by March ----    Mr. Harris. Yes. Under FISMA they followed the same guidelines that the rest of the Department follows, and that actually does flow up to me. And that is exactly why we set up the team, the senior team to actually ensure that all of the lines are on time and are met.    Mr. Harris. I would have to see that again on the screen, sir, and I can react to that.    Mr. Harris. Okay. But I can respond--I can provide that information to you, sir.    Mr. Harris. I do.    Mr. Harris. I think it overlays everything else.    Mr. Harris. I ----    Mr. Lieu.--for ----    Mr. Harris. I do, sir.    Mr. Harris. He reports to me.    Mr. Harris. I don't feel that there is a conflict of interest. I have seen the organizational arrangement in both ways in the CIO organization, as well as outside of it. I personally don't see a conflict of interest between the CSO being inside of the CIO organization, but I have seen it, as you've indicated, arranged differently.    Mr. Harris. Though we interact with all of those bodies that you mentioned, we rely heaviest on DHS and their CDM program in terms of operationalizing the progress we need to get made. It's DHS that we work most closely with.    Mr. Harris. Based on my discovery, yes, I have found that the discipline that should have been in place in terms of some of the recommendations and--findings and recommendations and caps were not made, and that's something that the senior team now is ensuring will never happen again.    Mr. Harris. It was based on my understanding.    Mr. Harris. Based on the facts that my staff had provided me.    Mr. Harris. I always base my decisions on the data pulled by staff, but at the end of the day, it's my responsibility.    Mr. Harris. We are saying that is the case.    Mr. Harris. The 95 percent is based on what we are doing internally, as well as the contractors are doing.    Mr. Harris. That is the--correct with the exception of those that use PIV-I.    Mr. Harris. I.    Mr. Harris. That is the goal, sir.    Mr. Walker.--is 100 percent? Okay. All right. Well, here is the issue. In coming back to this cyber sprint, okay, this summer, 14 percent minus. And then within a few months you have secured 100 percent. How in the world does that happen over that short period of time?    Mr. Harris. More times than not it's about configuring the system, issuing PIV cards, and turning that on.    Mr. Harris. I think the technical challenge for the vendors that implemented this and maintained these systems was larger than we anticipated. In ----    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. That's quite all right.    Mr. Mulvaney.--I know you have been called--we mean no disrespect.    I don't think--at least for me personally, the purpose here is certainly not to try and get you fired. I think that is important for you to know that. In fact, for me, it is not even to drill down into the details of your car detailing business/hobby, the audio/video, as objectionable as I may find that at a personal level. I think it was a bad decision by you and some bad judgment.    At some point I think I have to recognize that Congress cannot be in the job of micromanaging the CIO position vis-a-vis ethics at the Department of Education. We might not like it, it doesn't make us happy, but really, not our business.    You start screwing around, Mr. King, it is a different story, but the folks who work for you, I think we have to rely on the process. The OIG gets involved, the ethics gets involved, and we may disagree, disagree with the decision, but that is not the purpose here is to second-guess, at least in my mind, whether or not what you did was right or wrong or whether or not the process of examining was right or wrong.    The purpose of being here is what you are responsible for doing for the folks that we represent and the taxpayers and the 139 million people's whose records you hold. And as we discussed last time, Dr. Harris, when you were here in November, it is not just the ordinary stuff that I give to Target. You have my bank accounts. That is a whole different level of serious than when I swipe my card at the gas station or I buy something at Target.    So I don't want us to get distracted on whether or not it was a business or a hobby or you reported it on your taxes and lose in that minutia the fact that this is really dangerous stuff when it goes into the wrong hands.    So I want to pick up with where you and I were, Dr. Harris, in November when you said something that caught my attention and we talked about it briefly when you said it wasn't so much a money issue that you had dealing with cyber at the DoE as it was getting the talent. And you said, look, we are a little tiny agency. It is not very sexy. We can't get the people. And I asked you, I said, look, we have other good people in other areas of the Federal Government. In other silos it is sexy. The Air Force, for example, does a tremendous job on this. DOD regularly does a really good job on this. There are other agencies. What have you been able to do since November, Dr. Harris, to try and draw on the resources available to us as a Federal Government in order to help protect the data of these taxpayers?    Mr. Harris. I'm very pleased to announce that, in addition to becoming a little more aggressive in bringing in our own talent, we have taken advantage of what digital services has to offer. They have been in a number of times to talk to us about best practices and help us strategize. We are moving forward with the DHS for the CDM phase 2 project that will allow us to put more sensors and collect more data across our ecosystem then we've ever been able to do before. So I think from that perspective ----    Mr. Harris. Collecting it will allow us to secure it.    Mr. Harris. It's in real time that we're able to use our network access control and our data loss prevention that will actually, for example, stop you from sending unencrypted and specifically PII information outside of our ecosystem, as well as stopping folks from coming inside.    Mr. Harris. EDL, which happens to have PII, is an investment that is an education locator. It allows the public--it's public-facing. It allows the public to reach out to anyone in the Department of Education that they need to reach.    Mr. Harris. It's PII but ----    Mr. Harris. That is correct, sir. It is PII but we consider it low level. In other words, with the name and phone number, we consider it PII, but it certainly doesn't include Social Security numbers, bank information. So on the one hand it does not have an ATO, and we are pushing it to get an ATO.    Mr. Harris. We're looking for the end of next quarter.    Mr. Harris. To a large degree, many of these systems owners of these tools, sometimes it's an OS, sometimes it's an application or middleware, simply didn't have the funding to upgrade them or, from a mission perspective, decided that it wasn't ----    Mr. Harris. We are looking to do three things. We're looking to either upgrade or retire 90 percent of those by June. The remaining will have to have documentation that says the Department of Education accepts the risk. We will absolutely not allow anyone to sit out there and just say, well, we'll do it at some point.    Mr. Harris. And I was referring to outside of the FSA ecosystem, and that is why I said we don't use it. I wasn't talking about FSA, to clarify.    Mr. Harris. It's a good question, and based on the information I'm provided, COBOL is old; however, the latest version is considered secure. It has all the patches. From a business perspective, FSA is indicating--the FSA CIO is indicating that their business decision is to stay on the current version of COBOL and continue to keep it updated.    I do want to engage the CIO at FSA about moving away from COBOL not because the software version is insecure but because the talent necessary to manage that platform is, as you can imagine, dwindling.    Mr. Harris. Congressman Meadows, I would not waste any more of your time suggesting that my behavior represented poor judgment. After talking with the IG ----    Mr. Harris. Talking with the IG, after all the interventions with leadership, in hindsight, absolutely, I--poor judgment.    Mr. Harris. I make no excuses.    Mr. Harris. Correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes, it has.    Mr. Harris. It was years ago. I don't have the exact date but I can get you that.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. I teach at night and I do it on my own time. And if I may, in context ----    Mr. Harris. I just teach. That's it.    Mr. Harris. I did a short consulting stint with Detroit, both the city and the school system, in a different year.    Mr. Harris. Very little. I would be in Detroit maybe once every other month and then I would work remotely. I was simply consulting them on their IT strategy, so very little.    Mr. Harris. He works in the CIO organization.    Mr. Harris. He is several layers under me, but he works in the organization. I do not supervise him.    Mr. Harris. I do not supervise him.    Mr. Harris. That is correct. I just wanted to be clear that I don't supervise him directly.    Mr. Harris. I have not. He has always asked me to be involved.    Mr. Harris. If I had a project that I was doing and he wanted to learn, he would ask me.    Mr. Harris. I didn't have an outside business. It was a hobby.    Mr. Harris. Absolutely.    Mr. Harris. It's something we enjoy doing.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. Yes. My last--the last activity I had was 2012.    Mr. Harris. My hobbies.    Mr. Harris. That is correct. I still detail but I do not accept compensation. It's still a hobby of mine.    Mr. Harris. In 2004 I was the deputy CFO, and I was not a personal friend of that vendor then. I knew him. I knew of him, as I do other vendors, but I was not a personal friend.    Mr. Harris. I may have sat on the panel, but I did not select the vendor.    Mr. Harris. You simply review what the vendors provide.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Ms. Plaskett.--in 2004?    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Approximately 2008 when I moved into the same area where the vendor lives.    Mr. Harris. I'm sure I saw him as a result of him having business at the Department, but I didn't--our families weren't friends. We didn't travel together. We didn't ----    Mr. Harris. After 2008, yes, we became friends.    Mr. Harris. Absolutely.    Ms. Plaskett.--your families?    Mr. Harris. Absolutely. We were friends.    Mr. Harris. I moved into the same area and we realized that we lived in the same area because we ran into each other in the area.    Mr. Harris. But I do not have responsibility for the acquisition process ----    Mr. Harris. Sir, if I ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--correct?    Mr. Harris. If I may, the way the Department is organized, and most agencies are organized this way, when it comes to acquisition, not just the selecting of vendors but the payment of those vendors, that is completely removed from the CIO's organization. It is purposeful. There is a firewall between me and any contract activities. And so I can't influence in any shape, form, or fashion.    Now, as CIO, I do set IT strategy but I do not select vendors, products, or services.    Mr. Harris. That had to have been 2004, and I had no friendship with that individual.    Mr. Harris. I'm sorry. I disagree, sir. I'm sorry.    Mr. Harris. The firewall that is created on purpose with the contracting organization and the rest of the Department, including CIO, and especially CIO when it comes to IT contracts, I am completely removed from and had no authority or influence on that process. That is the way we are organized, and most agencies are organized that way.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is the contracting officer representative's job.    Mr. Harris. That is not my job.    Mr. Harris. They get it from the project manager and the people working with the vendor, but they would not get it from me.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. No.    Mr. Harris. They would provide me briefings on the status of our various ----    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Ms. Plaskett.--let's continue?    Mr. Harris. From a contractual perspective, that is correct.    Mr. Harris. I would provide my input, but I don't make contractual statements.    Mr. Harris. I think that's an accurate statement.    Mr. Harris. I would still say that I am removed from the ----    Mr. Harris. I would still say I am removed from the acquisition process.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. In hindsight and after getting counseling, I realized the appearance is not good.    Mr. Harris. No, sir.    Mr. Harris. I don't believe so.    Mr. Harris. I'll--I'll ----    Mr. Harris. One may have made over $600. I don't believe the other did but I would have to look at the record.    Mr. Harris. As I ----    Mr. Harris. As I indicated, it was just a hobby.    Mr. Harris. In hindsight ----    Mr. Harris. Absolutely, and I make ----    Mr. Harris. It was a hobby, sir.    Mr. Harris. I have not, sir.    Mr. Harris. Ever.    Mr. Harris. I did.    Mr. Harris. That was me personally.    Mr. Harris. Just me.    Mr. Harris. I was not compensated.    Mr. Harris. He was a friend.    Mr. Harris. It was 1 percent of my household income.    Mr. Harris. Over a 10-year period.    Mr. Harris. No, sir. No, sir. It was an average of $4,000 a year, and that was before expenses. After expenses it was hundreds of dollars. And that is why--poor judgment, but that is why I didn't--it wasn't a business. It was just a hobby. But it was ----    Mr. Harris. Over 10 years, and again, that's before expenses. With--after expenses, it would have been hundreds of dollars. There literally was no major profit to be made. It was insignificant amounts of money.    Mr. Harris. I did not have employees.    Mr. Harris. Annually, 1 percent annually.    Mr. Harris. No, sir.    Chairman Chaffetz.--to come up with tens of thousands of dollars that I just want to understand the gravity. We will work on the math with you and the Department of Education soon.    I could continue on, but we have exhausted this. Mr. King, with all due respect, Ms. Winchell--let me do this before we do this.    Ms. Bruce, we have talked about several things here over the last few minutes. You looked like you wanted to make some sort of comment there.