    Mr. Price. My son and I operate a ranching enterprise, raising sheep and cattle, as well as a hunting operation based on Sterling City, Texas. My son and I have run the ranch, which dates back to 1876, with two goals in mind. The first is that the ranch must be operated on standalone basis, where we follow a strict budget and expect the operation to show an annual profit. Our second goal, like many other ranchers, is to leave the land in better condition for future generations. We serve to make our ranch land sustainable, which increases productivity, even after the land is utilized for grazing.    Ranching in west Texas comes with its fair share of difficult times. However, we have been able to keep our operation sustainable during those hard times by utilizing voluntary conservation programs and applying management practices that enhance the operation. Drought is a common problem in west Texas, and it requires adaptability and forward thinking to maintain the resources on the ranch.    In 2011 and 2012, we were challenged with one of the worst droughts in the generation, 100 consecutive days of 100 or higher, a total rainfall of 5\1/2\" for the year. Water was virtually nonexistent, wildfires were prevalent, but we were able to survive and remain sustainable because of our grazing management practices and the opportunity to work with the NRCS's voluntary conservation programs to improve our ranch and make our grasslands resilient.    By utilizing the conservation planning of the NRCS and the National Grazing Lands Coalition, in addition to the development of innovative grazing technologies, we have increased perennial grasses on the ranch, improved ground cover, greatly reduced soil erosion due to both wind and water, reduced labor inputs, and ensured adequate forage for the livestock and wildlife populations on the ranch. Furthermore, by implementing these programs, we were able to keep expenses down by lowering feed, fuel, equipment, and labor costs, improving profitability of our operation.    Through the help of NRCS and voluntary conservation programs, we have been able to make our ranchland more drought tolerant. We have achieved that by installing groundwater storage systems connected by an extensive pipeline system, and improved our grasses on the ranch with utilizing brush control. We use a variety of ways to reduce brush by including prescribed burns, mechanical, and chemical treatment. We leave the large trees in place to create a savannah-type range land. The resulting increased water availability, grass cover, and shading properties of the savannah landscape improves the welfare for the livestock, wildlife, and the ranchmen alike. It is truly a win/win situation.    When wildfire came through our ranch in 2011, we had to rebuild miles of fencing. EQIP gave us the opportunity to reposition some of those fences to better adapt to our grazing program. One of the reasons EQIP has become popular among ranchers is because it is a working lands program, conservation programs that enhance the land's production do not limit its use for both the ranchers and conservation of our resources. CSP, Conservation Stewardship Program, is another program that I use to improve my land, water, and wildlife habitats.    The biggest point I would like to make is that voluntary part of conservation programs is what really makes it work for ranchers. We have had excellent success in using these programs, but just because the practices work for my family does not mean it is right for everybody. It is important that we keep these programs funded to safeguard their continued success, and above all else, these programs must stay voluntary.    I believe that economic activity and conservation go hand in hand, and we are always looking for new innovative conservation programs that will have tangible benefits for the environment and help improve our ranching lands. USDA's conservation programs have been a great asset to cattle producers and it is important that these programs continue to be implemented in the same practical, producer-friendly, voluntary manner for years to come. Together, we can sustain our country's natural resources and economic prosperity, ensuring our way of life for future generations.    I appreciate the opportunity to visit to you, and look forward to answering any questions you might have.    Mr. Price. I am extremely concerned to--through the antiquities. Of course, much land is being taken out of production, taking livestock off the land. A major design of the system over hundreds of thousands, millions of years, using the animal impact and fire to rejuvenate those lands. Before man came along, we had fire. We had droughts. We had wet spells. We had extreme cold. We had extreme heat, and we had huge herds of buffalo and of other wildlife. Can you imagine 10,000+ historians say 50,000 to 60,000 buffalo in one herd coming across the landscape here in Washington, D.C. before the buildings were here? In modern day terms, it was devastating. There was nothing left. But nature designed her plants, mainly the grass species, to put on fresh tillers when that fire impacts them, when the animals bit them off, laid on them, stomped on them, whatever, and then it rejuvenated itself. You can take land that is totally out of use by wildlife or livestock, and the grasses get old. They get marbling, then they die.    In New Mexico at Las Cruces, at the research center there in the 1930s, they fenced off an area, put no livestock on it. At the time, it was a really good light grama grass cover. Today, that grama grass exists as much in desert as any of the rest of it, due to the lack of animal impact. The animal impact is so important for the future of our western United States, and those brittle environments for certain. And so we must utilize our livestock, properly managed, to rejuvenate these lands. It is the only resource we have, because I don't think we can go back to pre-man conditions. I don't think anybody wants to move back to Europe or Asia or Africa, or wherever they came from, and that is the only way we can reenact those conditions.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Price. I am going to go ahead and yield back. We will get another round, but let me just say that, I know from the previous Subcommittee hearing that we had on healthy soils and other healthy soils opportunities forums I have been able to sit as a part of, clearly there are some practices that show and document how livestock helps to stimulate soil growth, soil production, and healthy soil. Thank you.    I recognize the gentlelady from New Mexico, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Price. Some of this issue goes back to 1985. The highly growable lands, the NRCS personnel were sent to attend to that and look at it in detail. It took them away from--on us ranchers, I am sorry, to study these issues, to talk to us about them. We didn't have that expertise for land planning, conservation planning. That is where National Grazing Lands Coalition came into effect. It was formed in 1995, which was put in there for our grassroots, boots-on-the-ground program where they could help us understand the issues. I strongly believe that right now, NRCS needs to be able to train those personnel in their offices, the local offices, that can tell us the story, help us understand.    Right now, a lot of people think that EQIP, NRCS is based on getting money from the government. That is a huge part of it, when we are proud to have that opportunity for that, but we have to have education from those NRCS personnel. One of them told me a while back in pretty simplistic terms. He said instead of giving you fish, we want to teach you how to fish. And that is huge.    Mr. Price. I am not known to be real quick on my feet.    Mr. Price. And that is one of the things the NRCS people I have worked with in the past, they have always struggled with why don't all of these ranchers just jump on board and take part in it?    Every one of us ranchers has a different lifestyle. We have different goals. I love what I do, and I get excited talking about what I do, but a lot of ranchers, that is not their focus. That is not what they do. How you convince other folks to participate, in particularly, more intensive grazing programs, it is very important on how we move forward with our grassland. So many times we utilize that money and then we don't emphasize grazing management. That needs to be a huge part of it. We need to look at that harder as to how we convince people. We can't take forces on them, but if the Federal Government is allowing us to utilize their dollars for help, they should say, ``Okay, Frank, we really need you to focus more on grazing management so that work that you have done can be more productive with the future.''    Mr. Price. Yes, sir, and I am proud to discuss the animal impact on the land, which is extremely important. We can't go back to those pre-man times and have the huge herds of wildlife crossing the country, and as we take land out of production with no livestock and turn it into strictly wildlife areas, I can show you places in my home county that haven't had livestock on them for 50 and 60 years. They are turning into a desert. The lands right next to them, they are being ranched properly and proper grazing management are flourishing for our country. Granted, it is a drier environment than a lot of places, but so we have to keep that animal impact on the land and the only way we can do that is us livestock men, cattlemen through proper grazing management.    We, in my opinion, the environmental enthusiasts I call them that think that we ought to just take all of the livestock off the land, they are polluting it, we are their best resource. All we have to do is tell them our story and get them to where they understand it. As we increase the strength of those grass systems and the root systems get deeper covers, we stop the soil erosion from wind and water. It takes that bad old CO<INF>2</INF> out of the air and through photosynthesis what does it do? It turns that carbon dioxide into oxygen, puts it back out in air and puts the carbon in the soil where we can raise more grass. It is a win/win situation and we just have to get practiced enough at it to move ourselves forward.    Mr. Price. We have made some huge mistakes in the past. My great grandfather in 1876 started his ranching enterprise. From records that we have, he grazed from five to six times more animals per acre than we can even think about doing now. He wasn't doing it to abuse the land. It was a pristine grass story you hear, and boy, this grass is going to produce forever. We can't hurt it. He didn't realize he was making a mistake. Early on, he recognized that he wanted this land to continue on the family. A little off the subject, he sold \1/2\ of his land when his children came of age to his children, and the way they paid for it was through the sales of the wool. It was a good deal for everybody, but he wanted to move on into the future.    So we made mistakes. We have to admit we made those mistakes. I make mistakes on a daily basis. Let's learn from it.    Mr. Price. They are potentially the worst environmental problem we have. We have to figure something out.    Mr. Price. I am afraid it would decimate the livestock industry in our area. I have land myself that is up on the top country. I have some what we call plow your lakes. Once every 10 to 15 years they will have water in them because there came a huge rainfall. This year, by gosh, we got water and still have some water in them. It rained 9\1/2\" in 1 day. But it scares me to think that through the Waters of the U.S. rule that they can come in and make us get permits for doing basically anything, if they let those rules perpetuate. It is a scary situation for us ranchmen. We need to stop that.    Mr. Price. I don't know what you should do, but the Great Plains--and that covers a whole lot of country--developed and functions as a grazing and fire-dependent vegetative ecology. Lack of either disturbers, and that includes the fire and the grazing, changes the vegetative dynamics and subsequently limits the habitat for livestock and wildlife. In other words, as I have said before, we are changing our environment from lack of animal impact and you look at some of these endangered species, the sage-grouse, the monarch butterfly, the changes of these rangelands turning into a brush-type desert habitat that is what is causing this, and we need to portray to the public and through NRCS is a tremendously good way to do it, or the USDA, what has happened and what we need to do to resolve it, and push it as hard as we can. We are literally looking at the desertification of the Great Plains. And we are pretty darn close to being there already.    The Chairman. Mr. Bowman?