    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Roe.    Can you hear me?    I want to thank you and Ranking Member Polis for holding this important hearing.    But I especially want to thank Secretary Perez for being here and for the work you and your staff have been doing in the conflicts of interest rule re-proposal.    Subcommittee Chairman Roe and I co-chair a Senior Citizens Caucus, which covers financial literacy to help these senior citizens make good financial choices in their retirement years.    So this rule that we are discussing is of great interest to both of us as chairs and to many members on both sides of the aisle, as I have heard the questions.    I think that we want to ensure access to advice at a very low administrative cost as federal employees which number probably several million get a quarter of 1 percent administrative costs for investing our Thrift Savings program investment and retirement portfolio.    I think that I really paid attention to Congressman Rick Allen from Georgia, giving us his example of investors losing a large amount back in December 2007 and the following year, 2008, which is the time of the worst recession in 50 years.    And I enjoyed listening to how you handled that. And many of us did the same. We stayed in the market.    But I will say to you, Mr. Secretary, that sometimes older men and women have good advice, simple. I remember hearing one tell me, just remember that you buy low and sell high. And so I did that. On the first week of January of 2008, I called and I changed my particular investment portfolio into Treasuries 100 percent. And that is the best thing that I could have done.    Mr. Hinojosa. I can only say that this hearing today has been very, very interesting.    And I want to ask a question or two before my time gets away.    I read Mr. Haley's written testimony which reads he claims the best-interest contract is problematic and that the rule is unworkable as drafted. Moreover, that small business and lower and middle-income investors will be harmed the most.    Mr. Secretary, in your view, do you believe this to be the case?    Mr. Hinojosa. I absolutely agree with you 100 percent. Let me ask you another question because we agree on many things.    I am most interested in the proposed rule's impact on the small savers and those middle-class workers who do not have hundreds of thousands of dollars to invest, but who are interested in insuring what they do have to invest, they want it to grow, and I want their savings to do that, too.    Is there any reason that they should expect to pay more for the administrative services they currently receive as in examples that I heard that are up to 4 percent of the investment?    Mr. Hinojosa. In my opening remarks, I said that we, federal employees, and we number in the millions, only pay a quarter of 1 percent for advice and for them to do the investments for us. And that 4 percent, as you said, is way, way too high.    So I will ask one last question before my time is up. Would you say this rule can help address the challenges in retirement savings gap many Hispanic and minorities face when it comes to saving for retirement, because they, according to the materials I have read, are amongst the highest, like 40 percent, that have very little in assets to protect and invest?