    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you Mr. Chairman, and thank you to you and to Ranking Member Deutch, and thank you to Chairman Ros-Lehtinen for convening this hearing and for calling attention to this very important issue.    While the nuclear negotiations with Iran have dominated discussions in this country of late, the fact remains that Iran remains one of the world's worst perpetrators of human rights abuses and it is critical that we continue to bring attention to this issue. For those who dare to criticize the regime of Supreme Leader Khamenei or attempt to challenge the government and propose conformity, they face harsh consequences sometimes even including death.    I am particularly concerned about the horrific disregard for basic political expression, which according to the current State Department human rights report, they characterize it as the most egregious human rights problems were the government's manipulation of the electoral process, which severely limited citizens' right to change their government peacefully through free and fair elections; restrictions on civil liberties including the freedoms of assembly, speech, and press; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons whom it arbitrarily and unlawfully detained, tortured, and killed. And as was explained, including four American citizens currently being held.    In addition, I am particularly concerned about the rights of LGBT persons and other vulnerable minority groups in the country, in a country that imposes strict, so-called morality codes, does not respect basic freedom of expression or religion and limits access to the outside world.    I thank the witnesses for being here today and look very much forward to your testimony, and again thank the chairman and ranking member for calling this hearing. And with that I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Thank you again for your very, very important testimony. I think it is very clear to anyone that has looked at this issue that the human rights abuses in Iran are horrific and are contrary to basic American values and universal values of human rights. And I think the challenge for us is to determine what is the most effective way for us to try to change that as responsible world leaders and part of the international community.    And so my first question really is, is there any sense that President Rouhani, even if he were inclined to change his view on human rights, would be empowered to actually make substantial changes in the condition of basic human rights in Iran, or is the Supreme Leader responsible for this set of practices such that the President wouldn't actually have the ability or the capacity to change it? Because I think it is important to kind of know where our leverage points should be in the conversation to begin. I don't know if anyone has a sense of that.    Mr. Cicilline. And is there any evidence that you have seen that international pressure that may have been made on the human rights abuses as having any effect on the regime? Would you talk a little bit about it? Yes.    Mr. Cicilline. And so things like this hearing I assume are helpful because they are helping to bring attention to this issue. Similarly, if we were to enact a comprehensive statement of our kind of affirmation of basic human rights, would that be useful? Yes, okay.    Mr. Cicilline. I just ask the chair if I might just ask the last two things. If you would speak to the current situation for members of the LGBT community in Iran, specifically are there concerns about the basic human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community, and also if you could speak to any information you might have about Jason Rezaian, if I am pronouncing his name correctly, who is an American journalist and who was detained and has been detained. I understand that he hasn't been able to have his defense counsel meet with him, and whether or not there are current efforts underway that you are aware of to secure his release.    Mr. Cicilline. This is the Washington Post correspondent, just for the people, yes.    Mr. Cicilline. And with respect to the LGBT community?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you very much again, and I thank the chair.