    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And my thanks to the witnesses as well. Secretary Darcy, I would like to ask you and General Bostick, if he feels the need to join in, to talk with me about water in the arid West. I don't need to tell you how bad the drought is in California, but obviously you are a key agency when it comes to managing our scarce water resources. You have got lots of multipurpose projects that provide both flood control and water supply benefits.    And one of the things that I have been working on with you and with some of my local stakeholders is modernizing the Corps of Engineers' operating manual and rule curves, which are based on historic hydrology and do not yet incorporate modern weather science, satellite data, things that have come into play long after those manuals were put together back in the 1950s. So I am really heartened that you are participating in a pilot project with the National Weather Service and the Sonoma County Water Agency to see if there are opportunities where the weather data is reliable enough that you can begin considering it when you decide when to release water from these reservoirs.    We may not yet be at a point where we can tell you exactly how much water is going to come from a storm, but I think you are going to find that we are at a point that when there is no storm at all and we know no rain is coming, we know that with a lot of certainty because we have satellites and weather data that we want you to consider and we think should absolutely be part of your decisionmaking process. And toward that end, last year in WRRDA, the Corps was instructed to submit a report within a year on how they could make changes to reservoir operations in arid regions to improve water supply during droughts. I think that this kind of modern forecast-based reservoir operations would be a perfect fit, but I want to just ask you if you are on track to complete that report?    Mr. Huffman. OK. Terrific. Well again, it is critically important. It is also important that we seize opportunities to do water reuse and recycling wherever we can. I think that is what Congress had in mind in the last WRRDA when the Corps was instructed to develop new guidelines under section 1014, on how non-Federal interests can do water resource development projects and then later seek reimbursement from the Corps. We want these projects to move forward.    And I know that a couple months ago in an Appropriations subcommittee, Representative Roybal-Allard asked you specifically whether environmental infrastructure projects like water recycling would be eligible. And she got a favorable response at that time. Unfortunately, I sent a letter seeking clarity on that and on April 20, got a letter from you saying, no, environmental infrastructure projects would not be eligible. And so I am just hoping that you continue as you develop the new guidelines for section 1014 that we asked you to do, that you continue to have an open mind about the critical role that water reuse and recycling is going to have to play to get us through this critical drought in the West and the opportunity that we have for the Corps of Engineers to help us stretch our water supplies. I hope you will reconsider the position that you outlined in that letter of April the 20th. Do you want to comment on that?    Mr. Huffman. In the limited time I have left I want to ask you about section 1135, Continuing Authorities Program projects. We have a very important one in Sonoma County. These are projects that look to modernize, modify and improve existing Corps projects to improve their environmental performance. But, that environmental performance can also be critical to water supply reliability as it is in the case of Sonoma County Water Agency Project on the Russian River. Compliance with the biological opinion for salmon through that project is going to be key to long-term water supply reliability. The Corps continues to request much less funding for this program than is needed to address the critical backlog and to keep these projects moving. Can you speak to why the administration is underfunding this program year after year?    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.