    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you to the panel. I greatly appreciate your time and testimony today.    I am very interested in this area of public policy, having come from small business myself, having seen the stifling effects of regulation on small business in particular. This particular bill, H.R. 2315, the Mobile Workforce bill, addresses the concern that I think is consistent with what we are seeing today with the global workforce and in a way in which we deploy our employees across this country. In many cases, we do it without a real understanding of just how well-traveled our employees are and we have to do whatever we can to ensure that we follow and track our employees, which is an added burden.    I am very interested to hear, and I guess I would like to direct this to Mr. Leaman, we have heard today a discussion that suggests that business is almost the enemy of government. We have heard words like ``evade'' and ``avoid'' tax liability. To me, as a business owner, I am aghast at such a thought, that somehow I have to defend myself from this suggestion that I am liable in some way, shape, or form and my business is in a position to have to respond to that.    A business like Masco, to what extent do you dedicate resources to address these issues when a taxing entity comes in on an audit or some kind of inquiry? What resources do you put forward to have to deal with that to ensure that you can avoid and evade compliant with whatever law there is? Is there uniformity to the way in which they approach this process? I know you have the CAP program in your company, can you explain to us the resources dedicated to what you do?    Mr. Bishop. So who defends the employee in situations like this?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir.    Quick question for Mr. Rosen. A constituent asked me the other day about the CAT tax in Ohio. Their company has no presence, no physical presence in Ohio, yet their components, Ohio's commercial activity tax taxes their component down the line in its end sales position. Can you tell me about this and tell me whether or not BATSA trust is the issue?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir.    Now, Mr. Chair, may I ask for unanimous consent that a document that I am holding be entered into the record entitled Employer-Employee Experiences with Nonresident Withholding? It is a testimonial of several different employers and employees. It is compiled by members of the Mobile Workforce Coalition, the American Payroll Association, and the Council of State Taxation.