    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you on border security and vulnerabilities in Latin America and the Caribbean. It is an honor to be here with my colleague and friends from the Department of Homeland Security.    First, just to summarize my oral remarks, I wanted to first thank this committee in my capacity as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Central America and the Caribbean for its bipartisan support for our strategy in Central America. You allowed us to increase funding for Fiscal Year 2015 and supported the President's Fiscal Year 2016 request for $750 million, providing us with the tools to help these governments make a real difference on the ground. So thank you and I look forward to continue working with you on this.    Now effective border management in Latin America and the Caribbean is vital to our economic prosperity and national security. Throughout the hemisphere, we are working with governments to eliminate trade barriers, integrate electricity grids and energy markets, connect national infrastructures, and cement commercial relationships. As evidence, I offer that our trillion dollar trade relationship and over 3 million American jobs, supported by our economic relationship with Canada and Mexico, demonstrate what is possible when governments collaborate actively.    At the same time that we are using our border cooperation to promote prosperity, we are equally determined to use them to safeguard the homeland and to ensure safe, legal, and orderly migration to the United States. Border security was a focus of the recent Canada state visit. We always share travel information with Canada, including our respective no-fly lists. And the President and Prime Minister Trudeau used their meeting to discuss what more we can do to secure our borders while actively promoting commerce.    We are also working with Mexico on border enforcement at both its northern and southern border to regulate migration, combat smuggling, and target narco-traffickers and our counterterrorism cooperation with Mexico is excellent.    During his fourth visit to Mexico under this administration, Vice President Biden discussed border security with President Pena Nieto as he chaired at the same time the third meeting of the U.S.-Mexico High Level Economic Dialogue.    Border security has also been at the front and center in the Vice President's active engagement on Central America since 2014. During his latest meeting with Northern Triangle leaders here in Washington on February 24th, the three Presidents reaffirmed their commitment to continue awareness campaigns about the risks of undocumented migration, deepening the fight against human smuggling and trafficking, continued regional border security coordination, the strengthening of task forces and development of joint intelligence and border security facilities, and facilitate with the return, repatriation, and especially the reintegration of migrants who do not qualify for humanitarian protection in the United States.    Our efforts in the Caribbean are aimed at combating the drug trade and other transnational criminal threats and work in lock step with the U.S. Coast Guard, the Department of Defense, and Department of Homeland Security to support regional maritime and aerial domain awareness by improving radar coverage and information sharing between partner nations. Caribbean governments are using U.S.-provided equipment and training to identify threats and carry out interdiction operations. And the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime Container Control Programme is establishing dedicated container profiling units to improve port security.    In South America, the Tri-Border Area of Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay is a focus for regional law enforcement efforts, as you know from your recent congressional delegation. Governments in the region have long been concerned about arms and drug smuggling, document fraud, money laundering, trafficking in persons, and the manufacture and movement of contraband goods through the Tri-Border Area. We are working with all three governments on their efforts to improve border management and combat smuggling. We brought justice and police officials from Paraguay to regional conferences on money laundering conducted with the Department of Justice.    Mr. Chairman, to conclude, throughout our efforts in the hemisphere, U.S. strategy development and program design has been an active exercise of coordination between the Departments of State, Homeland Security, Justice, Commerce, USAID, and others. Indeed, funding from the Department of State and USAID supports a lot of the work of our partner agencies. At the same time, the expertise and experience of our DHS colleagues, as well as others in the departments and agencies, have helped us refine our approach and we continue to look for ways to maximize our coordination.    And I will close where I began, Mr. Chairman. The U.S. Congress is a vital partner to the administration and we look forward to engaging with you on our discussion today on border security and vulnerabilities in Latin America and the Caribbean. Thank you for holding this important hearing and I look forward to engaging in the discussion.    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First, thank you for taking that trip because I know this is an initiative you have been active on and it is something I know our whole government is actively devoting resources and time into. On this particular case, sir, we looked into, we heard the same reports. We looked into it and we had nothing to actually corroborate that it was somebody that was associated with the Paris attacks. In fact, what we did find was that it may have been a woman that was there fleeing violence from Syria. But it is something that we will continue to actually look into given the seriousness of the case and we can expand on this in the classified setting definitely.    Now with regard to the tri-border region, it is a place as you saw when you visited Ciudad del Este, that it is a place that does not have active border controls and it is incredibly concerning. We actually talk about perhaps issues that you have actually been very active on as well around Hezbollah. What we have found is that it is a place that illegal actors will use actively for financing, right? So that is definitely obvious.    What we have not been able to find is whether it is actually organized or whether it has actually been used as a stopping off point for any sort of organized attack or any sort of terrorist activity. However, it is a source of migration as the migration patterns throughout South America are incredibly complicated.    And the way that we would approach this, Mr. Chairman, is because we are in March, I am going to use the March Madness analogies. We are using man-on-man defense. As the Assistant Secretary Alan Bersin said, it is a needle in a haystack and we are actually actively looking for individuals that might pose a threat. And then on Central America and the Caribbean where I have played a more active role, we are playing zone defense where what we have been doing is investing resources to make sure that there is a presence of the state and that the rule of law is something that is being advanced. And that helps us whether it is migration, whether it is trafficking in persons, whether it is narco-traffickers. If you are actually working to support the governments of the northern triangle, the southern triangle and other parts in the Caribbean as well, and on the maritime, on the aviation, on border controls, something that we partner with DHS on, but also more importantly not just regarding the physical border as the area where we would focus, but with the judicial sector, strengthening police, and actually working to address crime and violence, we have actually seen amazing results. And in fact, we have had a couple of operations recently where we have been able to intercept special interests, aliens from different parts of the world, and of course, getting these countries to defend against undocumented migration.    I will say, sir, just my last point on this is that the majority of individuals that are traveling, be they from special interest alien countries or other places, we found the large majority of these individuals are actually fleeing violence from other parts of the world, but of course, we have to be very vigilant and we are looking at those individuals that might actually pose a threat and when we do, we actively work with these governments to respond.    Mr. Gonzalez. So Congressman, I think first to your other question, if I may, sir, I think part of the migration issue that we are facing, and Mr. Kubiak has some excellent examples of, we are cooperating with DHS and HSI to address the issues. Regardless of the definition of special interest aliens, in some regards, the flows that are coming through are ones that are taking up bandwidth for border officials, right? And a lot of this is a result of what I would say is less than strict immigration standards in some of these countries that actually led to what you saw as the almost 8,000 Cubans that ended up stuck in Costa Rica.    So one of the things that we have been doing is working with Costa Rica, Panama, and Colombia and even Ecuador to try to get them to implement stricter visa standards to actually stamp the passports so that when they are traveling through, in some of these countries, Costa Rica, for example, by law has to deport an immigrant to the country they were just in, but if their passport is not stamped, it makes it complicated because they don't actually show what their travel route is.    So we are actually working with them on the kind of reforms that they have to undertake. But then when they actually are--there are third country nationals that are in the country, what we will do is we will work with DHS and others to try to see if there is anybody of interest in that group that we need to actually--that poses a law enforcement challenge. And we can dive into this in the classified briefing to a certain extent, but it has been a two-pronged approach.    And to your question, sir, just on the special interest aliens is DoD has a larger definition than the State Department does and a lot of it has to do with where the--I think our number is either 38--36 or 38, and I can confirm that. And DoD has a 39 number. DHS has a more expansive number. And a lot of it has to do with countries that you see as posing a risk. So I think DHS poses a wider net because of the migration issues that they, of course, are working on.