    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, General Dunford, Secretary McCord, thank you for being here. Thank you, more importantly, for your years of service to your country. We appreciate that very much, and we thank you for being here this morning for what is the first hearing of this subcommittee for fiscal 2017. We have 21 hearings across the committee this week. You are one of which, but we think very, very important one of which.    For the fifth year in a row this subcommittee has been able to pass a defense appropriations bill out of the House. I am confident we can do the same this year. We know our troops and their families are depending on it. Our only hope is that when we pass a bill through this committee and on the floor of the House and send it to the Senate, that they act, which they have refused to do for the last several years. Consequently, we get into an omnibus negotiation by necessity to keep from closing down the government. But it is time the Senate acted on a bill. It is amazing.    Under your leadership, the men and women who serve in the U.S. military answer the call time and again to leave their loved ones, put themselves in harm's way, execute challenging missions abroad. We are mindful that our responsibility to support our allies in need and respond to threats from our enemies imposes significant demands on our troops. This committee appreciates their dedication and willingness to serve, and your leadership, amidst the unprecedented challenges facing our Nation this day.    The global security environment continues to grow increasingly complex and unpredictable, and the mounting threats we discussed this time last year are still with us, and in some cases have increased. Two years after the Russian annexation of Crimea, Russian aggression remains a threat to sovereign states in the region and a considerable influence, of course, across the Middle East.    The Islamic State maintains its hold on population centers, where it terrorizes innocent lives and has created an unlivable situation for countless Syrians, Iraqis, now even Libyans. We have seen this conflict force the migration of millions of people, precipitating an unprecedented humanitarian crisis across the Middle East and Europe.    Meanwhile, Iran and North Korea continue to rattle their sabers, while China exerts military strength in the Pacific.    Today, we will discuss with you many of these threats and how your budget request addresses our ability to defeat them. However, we continue to hear rhetoric from the administration that appears to minimize or just flat out misunderstand the reality and the magnitude of the threat that we face from violent extremism. Just this week, the President announced his intention to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. At a time when the threat of terrorist activity at home and abroad shows no signs of abating, the President is advocating for the transfer of known terrorists out of United States custody to countries where we cannot control their ability to return to the battlefield. For detainees that he believes pose a continuing threat, he asks the American people to allow them to be detained on American soil, in their own backyard.    As the President made the case that these prisoners will be subject to strong security measures while in the custody of other nations, a former Guantanamo prisoner was arrested in North Africa on terror charges. The Director of National Intelligence tells us that 30 percent of the prisoners released from the facility have reengaged in terrorism, yet the President continues to argue that releasing these prisoners will make us safer. That is twisted logic.    Once again, I am perplexed by the administration's decision to continue to prioritize this misguided campaign promise despite clear direction from this Congress, not to mention the implications for national security.    With Active Duty end strength set to decline further until 2017, the conversation we will have today about responding to increasingly complex threats across multiple regions, against enemies with very different missions and capacities, becomes an even more complicated matter.    The challenges you face are well documented. The demands they place on our troops and our military leadership are great. I look forward to discussing how this committee can best equip you to lead in these uncertain times and respond to threats to American security around the world.    This committee remains confident in your ability to lead and protect our troops and to ensure the safety of Americans at home and abroad. You have our full support, and we deeply appreciate your service and your commitment to our Nation and our service men and women across the world.    Thank you.    Mr. Rogers. China. Developing, procuring aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault capabilities, making territorial claims to shoals and reefs in the South and East China Seas, expanding them into islands of some size. By all accounts, China is positioning itself to exert more influence in the Pacific and trying to build itself into a maritime power. Meanwhile, they claim that they are being provoked by their neighbors and by the West, using it as a justification to aggressively pursue their own interests with regard to territorial disputes in the East and South China Seas.    Mr. Secretary, what is your thinking now? Has your thought process evolved in light of these fairly recent developments on the importance China is placing on the development of a blue-water naval force?    Mr. Rogers. Do these actions of China recently, does that threaten our ability to live up to our treaty obligations to Taiwan?    Mr. Rogers. General Dunford, could you address this subject, the threat that might be posed by the recent changes in China's activities in regard to blue-water capability and/or aircraft or land-based?    General Dunford. Chairman, I can. It is very clear to me that those capabilities that are being developed are intended to limit our ability to move into the Pacific or to operate freely within the Pacific, and we call that anti-access/area denial capability.    So their developments in antiship capability, anti-aircraft capability, then, as you describe, the blue-water navy, are clearly intended to limit our ability. That is why in this particular budget we have focused on capability development that allows us to maintain a competitive advantage versus China. It is also why we are fielding the most modern capabilities in the Department to the Pacific first. Things like the F-35, the F-22, and so forth, and other capabilities are going to the Pacific first.    So I absolutely share the concern that you have outlined, Chairman Rogers, and it is certainly something that for me in terms of joint capability development, it is a priority for us over the next five, seven, ten years, to ensure that the--you know, what Secretary Carter said is true, we are capable today of meeting our obligations in the Pacific. And there is no doubt in my mind that we have a competitive advantage over China today.    It is equally clear to me that on the trajectory that China is on today, were we to not maintain an investment profile as outlined in the current budget, we would lose our competitive advantage over time and find ourselves unable to adequately advance our interests in the Pacific.    Mr. Rogers. Some people say that what China is doing in the region, as we have talked about here, is more to impress and perhaps intimidate their neighbors than it is to confront us. What do you say to that, Mr. Secretary?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, gentlemen, welcome to the subcommittee. Your first time testifying before this group. We welcome you. Wish you well.    As you well know, the threats facing our homeland and our troops grow more complex and unpredictable with each passing day: China seeking to build itself into a maritime power, purchasing aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault capabilities, making territorial claims in the South and East China Sea areas. Russia continues to aggressively pursue its own interests, threatening the sovereignty and security of several states in the region, including the Ukraine and others. Middle East devolving further and further into chaos; women, men, children forced to flee their home countries to escape relentless brutality of ISIS and the Assad regime as well as Russian fighter planes.    With so much uncertainty and turmoil in so many different parts of the world, I remain concerned about our ability to respond to complex challenges in multiple regions at the same time as our force structure continues all the while to decline. According to the current plan, Army is set to reach an Active Duty end strength of 460,000 by the end of fiscal year 2017 and will endure a reduction of another 10,000 troops by 2018. You are planning to cut yet another combat aviation brigade over the next 3 years, leaving us with just 10 CABs in the Active Force.    The first CAB eliminated was in my home State of Kentucky. Just last year, the Army deactivated the 159th CAB at Fort Campbell, which resulted in the loss of 2,500 personnel at that base. Nevertheless, the soldiers at Fort Campbell have weathered this unwelcome loss, are as ready and equipped as ever, and are deploying in the fight against ISIS this spring. The headquarters of the 101st Airborne Division deployed to Iraq just last month. Soldiers from the 2nd BCT will be deploying in May to join them. They have our support. And we wish them a safe return home.    Responding to threats from our enemies, each with their own unique set of capabilities, is made increasingly difficult in light of these constraints in personnel and resources. Your charge is to maintain our ability to defeat these threats to our homeland and our national interests in any circumstance. And we know this is no easy task. We acknowledge the hardships rendered by the increasing demands on our soldiers. I look forward to having a thoughtful conversation about how this committee can equip you to lead in this very uncertain environment. This committee has every confidence in your ability to guide our troops in the midst of unprecedented challenges and tight budget constraints. You have our support. And we know that you will do what it takes to ensure the safety of our soldiers and our homeland. And we look forward to hearing your testimony today.    I yield.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The President's budget claims to prioritize the modernization, quote, of the Army's helicopter fleet. Yet opts to cut the aviation procurement account by 35 percent, 2.1 billion cut. The Army's requesting only 52 Apaches, down from the 64 of the current year. Additionally, the Army is funding 37 fewer Blackhawks, 17 fewer Chinooks.    Mr. Secretary, we certainly understand the challenges Army is facing to fund readiness within the budget caps. But it is difficult to understand why aviation has been so heavily targeted. The Army consistently tells us how critical aviation is to its ability to fight and participate in joint missions.    What is the rationale for these inordinate cuts to Army aviation?    Mr. Rogers. Well, the National Commission recommends adding up to 120 Apaches more. How does that play into your plans?    Mr. Rogers. You do not really think that we are going to go along with you and cut Army aviation by 35 percent? Do really believe that?    General Milley. Let me make a comment, Chairman Rogers, and I appreciate--one of the things we are doing with aviation, we are having to stretch it out over time. It all comes down to money. It all comes down to where you want to cut and what the tradeoffs are. So would we like what the Commission wants to do? Roger that. We would love it, and we think it is a good idea, but they don't come with a checkbook. So that is why we put it in the UFR list. So if we don't cut--aviation is the most expensive subcomponent of the budget, if you will, for the Army.    If we don't stretch that out, then we are going to end up sacrificing armor, infantry, which are in high demand. They are in equally as high demand as aviation. I am very familiar with the 101st, the 101st Aviation and cutting out the 159. And I was the deputy commanding general for the Screaming Eagles. I love Fort Campbell. I love Kentucky. And I love helicopters. I have been in a lot of firefights over the years, and my first call is to get an attack helicopter on the ground. Our G-1, right now, Jim McConville is an Apache helicopter pilot and flew a close air support mission directly for me. He saved my life, in fact. In fact, he probably regrets it today that he is a G-1 and not Chief of Staff of the Army. But there is nobody who loves aviation. I love Air Force aviation. I love fixed wing. I love that stuff. That is all good.    Now, I am an infantryman by trade, and a special operator, and there is nothing more valuable to us on the ground than something that flies in the air, and there is nothing more lethal for the enemy, but at the same time, wars are won on the ground. So we have to maintain our infantry and armor and combat aviation and we think we are striking a balance in this particular budget.    Mr. Rogers. Who will respond to the National Commission's recommendations? Who will decide what to accept and not accept?    General Milley. I think you do, Congressman. I think the Congress does. Congress--or I believe, anyway--that Congress mandated the Commission. The Commission reported out to Congress. They gave us the recommendations. We are going through those recommendations with the staff, et cetera, and we will report out to the Secretary of Defense, and we will give the Congress the benefit of our recommendations of their recommendations and how we can actually execute them.    Mr. Rogers. When will you do that?    General Milley. We put a timeline; it is probably about 4 or 5 more weeks. Last week was 6 weeks, so this week, it will be 4 or 5 more weeks. What the Secretary and I are doing is taking a brief every week on, you know, four or five recommendations, four or five. We are eating the elephant at a bite at a time sort of thing.    Mr. Rogers. Well, we certainly need that----    General Milley. Right, we recognize that.    Mr. Rogers. But you would be prepared to change your request based on that conversation we are having, as far as aviation goes?    General Milley. The budget request?    Mr. Rogers. Yes.    General Milley. I mean, you know, I have to be honest with you, Mr. Chairman, I think, given the top line that we have, given what was given to us as a top line, I think this budget, as written, is the most balanced budget to balance the modernization, the readiness, and the end strength of the Army. And we are taking risk. And I have expressed that risk as high risk, relative to the National Strategy and the ability to conduct operations, et cetera.    There is no question about it. So that is the result of a top line. And, you know, I am openminded, and I am sure the Secretary is as well. And I am willing to talk about it. But we put a lot of work in the crafting of that budget, and we think it strikes about the right balance.    Mr. Rogers. So you are not going to listen to the recommendations as far as----    General Milley. We are listening, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rogers. You are not agreeing to any of them apparently.    General Milley. No, we are listening to the recommendations very closely. And we want to execute some of them, but they came with no money. I mean, there is no money associated with those. If there is extra money associated--if someone says, ``If you do these recommendations, here is the money to execute them,'' then that is great. I think those recommendations are good recommendations.    Mr. Rogers. Well, I doubt that there is any other element of our force that is being cut by 35 percent, is there? Who else is being cut by that amount?    General Milley. Aviation took the biggest cut because it is 35 percent of the money, because they are the most expensive part of the force. Everything from flying--plus, we are divesting capabilities. We are divesting ourselves with the Kiowas, and so on. So it is a cut, not so much in the numbers of aircraft or the capabilities that are on the ground; it is a cut in the money, and we are stretching it out over time. And I think it is a risk that we are going to go have to take.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.