    Ms. Frankel. Madam Chair, I will wait until my turn.    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Thank you to the witnesses for being here.    Mr. Weber, I just want you to know, I did a Google search while you were asking your question. There is 16 non-NATO allies.    Ms. Frankel. One other thing I would say to Mr. Deutch. You know what, when you told the results of the poll, I almost had to laugh only because I was thinking they would be the same results here in the United States of America, which is sort of ironic? Isn't it?    But I just came back from Tunisia. I was there with Mr. Royce. It was a very enlightening experience for me. And we, of course, met with a very able Ambassador Rubinstein. We met with the President of Tunisia, their Prime Minister, Interior Minister, their speaker of the Parliament and some of their members and they actually have--Madam Chairman had quite a few women parliamentarians.    We did go over to that museum, the Bardo, and we did a wreath ceremony. So just, you know, my impressions--I think my first--the good thing about going to other countries is actually, I find, not just going to meet with the President and the Prime Minister, but just the ride through whatever city you are in and just to see the people.    And you know what you see is just, you know, we saw hundreds and hundreds of people just trying to get about in their business, innocent people just trying to get about in their business.    And, you know what the impressions that were given to us, the people we spoke to was--which I will just underscore things you have emphasized, and some of my colleagues have is how--how two really bad terrorist attacks have almost devastated their tourism economy, the attack at the hotel, the attack at Bardo Museum. The hotel we stayed at which was quite lovely, there was nobody there. And this is the most beautiful coast in Tunisia.    We also got to meet with Ambassador Bodde, who was the virtual Ambassador from Libya. And we were able to have some good discussions on, really, the interrelationship between Tunisia and Libya and the fear of fighters coming back and forth and so forth.    And a couple of questions I had, because one of the points that were made, and I want to ask you about the weapons. I think Mr. Weber raised an issue there, was the--I thought the concern was about weapons that had fallen into wrong hands since the--in Libya rather than--is that an issue there?    Ms. Frankel. And then the other question I had, which I think would be important really for this hearing and for the public. If you could just explain why we should care about Tunisia and what is going on in Tunisia and Libya. What is the importance of that region to the United States to our security, the security, and to the economy of our allies?    Ms. Frankel. Did you want to answer that?    Ms. Frankel. Okay. Thank you. Madam Chair, I yield back.