    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the ranking member for his ongoing support that has allowed us to elevate this issue in this committee and actually created enormous common ground.    Thank you, Mr. Cummings, especially.    Welcome to the panel.    Mr. Scott, we are talking about legacy systems, but has there been a comprehensive audit of Federal agencies, so we actually know the full universe we are talking about?    Mr. Connolly. But the fact of the matter is --anecdotally, right?--we've had, maybe we still have, Federal agencies with multiple email systems ----    Mr. Connolly. Isn't it also true--I am running out of time, so forgive me for interrupting--that we have had to hire 3,427 IT professionals just to maintain legacy systems?    Mr. Connolly. Wow. Any idea what the estimated cost is to replace all the legacy systems in the Federal Government?    Mr. Connolly. Right. And I want to deal with something, because the chairman has on several occasions cited the fact that you have $82 billion a year you spend on procurement. He cited in his opening statement the fact that this administration, over its lifespan, has increased that. That total amount represents an increase of about $6 billion.    Why isn't that sufficient? Why do you need more money? Why do you need this modernization fund, when you have such a substantial amount of money we are spending every year, and even that amount might be understated, in terms of not capturing other expenses within the Federal family?    Mr. Connolly. Sort of dovetailing with, I think, one the chairman's points, I do think the burden is going to be on the Federal Government, the executive branch.    Okay, let's say, we authorize the modernization fund, buying the argument that we are going to have to make an initial outlay to achieve savings. There is going to have to be a codified savings and efficiency plan that shows we can make IRS, DOD, and HHS, and every other Federal agency, this much more efficient, and either keep a budget stable or, in fact, effectuate net savings because we have replaced those legacy systems.    I think the chairman has expressed that it is counterintuitive that we would actually need to add more money. I think you can sell that, the argument you just made, Mr. Scott, if you can demonstrate, ``And here will be the payoff. Here is the return on that investment.''    I think we have to spend some real time with Congress in making that case.    I yield back.