    Ms. Van Kleeck. Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee, it is a privilege to be here today to discuss this important national security issue.    Simply stated, we have an engine problem on the Atlas V rocket, the Nation's best and most versatile national security launch vehicle. It uses a Russian-made RD-180 booster engine. On behalf of Aerojet Rocketdyne and its 5,000 employees nationwide, I want to thank this committee for recognizing the problem and taking action.    It continues to be our position that the fastest, least risky, and lowest cost way to fix this problem is to develop an advanced American rocket booster engine to replace the Russian RD-180. With a focused competitive acquisition based on a robust public-private partnership, we firmly believe this can be accomplished by 2019. In fiscal years 2015 and 2016, this committee took a leadership role by authorizing funding and direction for the Air Force to competitively develop this engine by 2019.    Aerojet Rocketdyne welcomes the opportunity to compete for this effort for an engine that we call the AR1. Unfortunately, more than 6 months have passed since fiscal year 2015 funds were authorized and appropriated for the engine development program that this committee mandated. And virtually no money has been spent. It appears that this engine development is being subsumed into a lengthy new launch vehicle development and subsequent launch service acquisition.    Mr. Chairman, earlier this week, you stated in the press, and I quote, ``It is not time to fund new launch vehicles or new infrastructure or rely on unproven technologies. It is time for the Pentagon to harness the power of the American industrial base and move with purpose and clarity in order to swiftly develop an American rocket propulsion system that ends our reliance on Russia as soon as possible,'' end quote.    You are exactly right. And we wholeheartedly agree with you. This is a national security imperative and should be treated as such. We have the technology to fix this problem, but we must get moving. For the focused public-private partnership, Aerojet Rocketdyne has the proven capability to develop a state-of-the-art, advanced-technology kerosene-fueled booster engine that can be certified by 2019 and be a near drop-in replacement for the Russian RD-180 on the existing Atlas V.    Aerojet Rocketdyne is able to say this with confidence based on more than 60 years of experience developing and producing launch vehicle propulsion. We have at hand these technologies as we have worked on them for the last 20 years. We have active state-of-the-art liquid rocket engine factories that are currently delivering engines supporting upcoming national security launches. We are the only domestic company that has designed, developed, produced, and flown rocket engines with thrust greater than 150,000 pounds thrust. Replacing the RD-180 requires nearly a million pounds of thrust. We have experience developing large liquid rocket engines on short timelines such as our Nation now faces. The R-68, the first-stage engine on the Delta 4 launch vehicle, which produces 700,000 pounds of thrust, was developed and produced on a 5-year schedule. AR1 will not be a copy of the RD-180. It will be a superior all-American engine and will leapfrog Russian technology. AR1 will be available to any U.S. launch booster propulsion user and configurable to any launch vehicle.    The engine's intellectual property will be retained by the government. To reiterate, our Nation has an engine problem on its premiere launch vehicle, the Atlas V. We must get rid of the Russian rocket engine. At Aerojet Rocketdyne, we believe the fastest, least risky, lowest cost manner to do this is to develop an advanced American engine to replace the RD-180 on Atlas V. This can only be done by 2019 with a focused and robust engine development program and a public-private partnership. Doing so will preserve access to space and reinvigorate the U.S. rocket propulsion industrial base.    Chairman Rogers, I want to thank you again for holding this important hearing. These are difficult issues. And each of us at the table has competing equities at stake. On behalf of Aerojet Rocketdyne, I appreciate you allowing our voice to be a part of this conversation. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, sir, we have designed the AR1 to be at or below the price point of the RD-180.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Well, I don't have my competitor's schedule, so I can't say for certain where the 16 months comes from. What I can say is we will be certified by 2019. We are very confident about that. We have spent 20 years developing this technology from the Russians, that was pioneered by the Russians. We have the factories. We have a schedule. We will be testing full-scale engines in the beginning of 2017. We will provide a full engine set to ULA in 2018. And we will complete certification in 2019.    Ms. Van Kleeck. We will complete certification of the engine in 2019.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, yes, sir, thank you for the opportunity. Rockets have been re-engined in the past, okay, on numerous occasions both in this country and others. There is, you can replace rocket engines. The AR1 is a near drop-in replacement. It uses----    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes. And I will explain the differences. And they are minor. There is, we can reproduce an RD-180 in this country. It would cost, in my opinion, more money than it would to develop a new engine. It is a very complex engine. It would also cost a lot from a recurring standpoint. And I think it is time for the U.S. to leapfrog that technology anyway.    The AR1 uses the same propellant. It has the same engine cycle, so it has a very similar environment. It would use the same tankage, would have the same attach points, has the same performance, not lower performance, the same performance. It is two engines. We did look at making it a single engine. But two engines is probably a better long-term solution for the U.S. because it can be used in multiple other applications in the future. And you can have the exact same physical attach points with the two-engine solution, so really where the propellant feeds the engines and how it attaches. It is 11 inches longer. But we have been told by ULA engineers that the length is not an issue; there is length to work with. That will affect minor ground support equipment but it is very minor. We are talking modest modifications, things that we have done in the past. So it is as near to a drop-in replacement as can be made.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, sir. That is a fact. The acoustics, every rocket engine has a specific signature. The fact that it is the same cycle, runs at a very similar operating point, we would anticipate that would be similar.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, sir. But we have been a part of re-engining numerous launch vehicles over time. And we have been successful with those re-enginings. This engine has been designed from the beginning to be a replacement to Atlas V. Because we saw this problem coming 10 years ago. And we have focused on that. We understand the Atlas V very well. This engine was designed to interface with the Atlas V.    Ms. Van Kleeck. You know, whether we are, again, we feel we can meet 2019, whether we are 16 months behind or not, we would, one would have to look at the details of these schedules and the different milestones to really come to that. I have not seen that.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Well, the RD-180 is what is called an ox-rich staged-combustion engine. It is a closed-cycle engine which, closed-cycle engines are the most efficient engines that can be, chemical rockets that can be produced. The RS-25 that powered the space shuttle was also one of these engines. The Russians pioneered and perfected the ox-rich staged-combustion engine during the Cold War. And the U.S. didn't. The U.S. perfected solids and hydrogen systems. It is a very high-performing, hydrocarbon engine. It provided a lot of advantage to the original Atlas vehicle. Some of the things that are in it are advanced coatings, advanced materials. It is very compact, very high pressure. Those are things, particularly the materials, were things that this country did not choose to pursue and didn't develop. And so that is where the--there is a technology gap in this particular variant of rocket engines in this country.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, I can. We have been working closely with ULA for several years now on replacing an RD-180 in various forms. Like I said, we have looked at this problem over the past 10 years. We have an active contract right now identifying the specific changes that need to be made, assuming this goes into an Atlas V vehicle. We are also looking at a Vulcan configuration. That configuration requires a different launch vehicle. Relative to the Atlas, I have summarized the changes that need to be made, and I will submit those for the record.    Ms. Van Kleeck. In terms of the estimate for those costs, I have heard a variety of numbers. I have never heard a $200 million number. A number I have heard for the changes associated with an AR1 going into an Atlas V, are low tens of millions of dollars. I think that cost estimate is--still needs to be refined, but the type of modifications that are required are very minor.    Ms. Van Kleeck. For the AR1 to fit on the Atlas V vehicle. Yes, sir.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, sir. I do agree.    Ms. Van Kleeck. I assume you are referencing the current acquisition process that is underway?    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yeah. And there is a--there is a process that is well spelled out in that. It does focus more on an ultimate launch service as opposed to an engine, but it is spelled out. I think there is a lot of different paths that that particular process can go.    Ms. Van Kleeck. I think the issue at hand that we are talking about is replacing an engine. And right now we are looking at an acquisition process that is looking at replacing a service or looking at an evolution of that service. I believe with that acquisition you can get to an engine through that process, but it isn't the most efficient way to do that.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Currently, the AR1 is relevant to this particular change in launch vehicles in this particular point in time. We don't re-engine launch vehicles. You know, but every 10 years we have different opportunities to do that. We would maintain the technology. We would probably put it at a technology level. But if there isn't a launch vehicle provider that will use it, the development will not be completed at this point in time.    Ms. Van Kleeck. It is possible. There are--it clearly depends on what some of the launch vehicle providers, what their paths going forward are. But, as you know, there are multiple providers here on this panel, and we have talked about a limited market. So in the near term, it is not a high probability.    Ms. Van Kleeck. Yes, sir, I would. I agree that the common thread through these things is the ox-rich staged technology. However, I would say there has been--I mean, we have worked on methane as a company, Aerojet Rocketdyne has worked on methane since the 1960s, and we have built a number of different devices, none of which have flown yet. Methane is probably going to be an important technology for Mars missions when you are dealing with landers and things like that where you want to make your propellant in space.    In terms of the difference, though, between a methane and a kerosene engine for a booster, the ox-rich side is the same, but the fuels, kerosene is characterized. The ability to run kerosene in an ox-rich environment is also characterized. The Russians have perfected this technology over decades.    I am confident we can also do that with methane, but it is going to take time. It took the Russians a long time to get where they are. I think we understand what they have done. We will be building off of that technology. We have studied that technology for 20 years. I believe this can also be done for methane, but I think the timeframe is going to be quite a bit longer.