    Dr. Marzullo. Thank you and good morning. I would like to express my appreciation to Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chair Smith, and Ranking Member Johnson, and the whole committee for this opportunity to come before you today to discuss the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program, the National Coordination Office, and this year's review of the NITRD Program by the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. I will use the corresponding acronyms--NITRD, NCO, and PCAST--throughout the rest of my comments in the interest of brevity.    The NITRD Program provides for the coordination of research and development in networking and information technology across 21 federal agencies and many other partners, which collectively represent the federal government's primary investments in research and development for IT-related technologies. The NCO supports coordination activities of the NITRD Program.    In my oral comments today, I would like to talk a bit about current and future research directions. NITRD currently focuses on several areas, including big data; cloud computing; cybersecurity; Internet of Things; health IT; high-end computing; software-defined networking; and the social, economic, and workforce implications of IT and IT workforce development.    My written testimony gives several examples of recent accomplishments by NITRD groups, including strategic plans, interagency solicitations, and joint workshops, and how they promoted R&D in their related research areas.    Looking forward, the recommendations of PCAST identified a key set of R&D areas that with sustained support from Congress and across agencies will lead to significant progress in addressing national priorities. Some of the suggested R&D areas like cybersecurity have been important for some time and still critically need cross-agency coordination.    There are three areas that PCAST identified, though, that I'd like to call out: first, big data and data-intensive computing. We recognized some time ago that scientific breakthroughs are increasingly powered by advanced computing capabilities that help researchers manipulate and explore massive data sets. Breakthroughs are now possible in education; city and community services; healthcare; and disaster preparedness prevention, response, and recovery.    However, big data raises important issues with respect to storage and curation, as well as to privacy. A continued cross-agency focus will accelerate our progress, advancing both the foundations and applications of data science and engineering.    Second: high-capacity computing for discovery, security, and commerce. Here, I would like to note the National Strategic Computing Initiative established by executive order earlier this year. Previous investments in high-performance computing have contributed substantially to national economic prosperity and have rapidly accelerated scientific discovery, but the path for continued progress is steep. We need fundamentally new approaches.    Delivering exascale computing presents hard technical challenges and further progress will require us to overcome the physical limitations imposed by current semiconductor technology. Addressing these challenges requires a whole-government approach in which NITRD is positioned to play a key coordinating role.    Third: cyber human systems. The role of people in networking and information technology and vice versa are both increasingly important. Robotics is moving from closed environments like factory floors to open environments like people's homes. The devices that communicate with each other in the Internet of Things are increasingly doing so as part of systems that fundamentally involve people, such as in automobile traffic management, environmental monitoring, and aging-in-place support. Cross-agency collaboration is required to make progress in computing-enabled human interaction, communication, and augmentation that can enhance human capabilities and improve learning, education, and training in all fields.    Let me close by noting that for decades the investments of the federal government in basic IT research have helped the nation make good progress on grand-challenge problems and address national priorities. Basic IT research has led to significant innovations, to new startups and small businesses, to birth of entirely new industries, and sometimes to disruptive technological change. The NITRD Program is completely involved in this exciting and rapidly changing research and innovation ecosystem through the program's mechanisms that facilitate interagency coordination and collaboration on federally funded research and development activities.    I thank you for your interest in the NITRD Program and the opportunity to appear before you today. The NITRD community looks forward to working with you to further the value of interagency cooperation in Networking and Information Technology Research and Development.    Dr. Marzullo. I'll start. I do want to note that in NITRD we actually have a fairly broad reach into industry, and we do it in a few ways. One is through workshops. For example, in the wireless area, wireless spectrum research and development, they've been running a series of workshops, seven of them, which have been looking at all the issues dealing with the access of this limited resource, this spectrum sharing. And these workshops are attended by people from industry, academics, and government people. So in these workshops, for example, we've got people from T-Mobile, Microsoft, Agilent, Vanu, Comsearch, Qualcomm. So we have a reach into that.    Similarly, in our Cyber Physical Systems Senior Steering Group, one of the efforts being run by NIST, the Global City Teams Challenge, has been forming partnerships of industry, academics, and communities to look at cyber-physical smart cities, smart communities. And through the CPS Senior Steering Group, because of the coordination we do, NSF jumped in to help participate in those efforts. And so that's another path in.    We also have a couple of groups, the Joint Engineering Team, which looks at information sharing among federal agencies in scientific networking. We have another one called MAGIC, which is our Middleware and Grid, and these also involve industry. They come and talk with us. Microsoft, Verizon, and Cisco have been members.    So I think we are reaching out. We can do more but I think we are reaching out.    Chairwoman Comstock. All right. Thank you. And, Dr. Hager?    Dr. Marzullo. Mr. Lipinski, thank you for the question. The Global Cities Team Challenge was an effort that was started by NIST, and it happened at about the same time that the National Science Foundation was looking at ways to frame their efforts in cyber-physical systems. Cyber-physical systems are these complex systems that are--involve the physical world, people, and computation. And a natural partnership grew out between the two. The NIST has been working on a framework for cyber-physical systems and NSF has been looking at the foundational aspects.    So there was a partnership that sprung up being led by NIST, Chris Greer, to build these kinds of projects that tied together communities like Montgomery County, researchers, and companies small and large in developing innovative approaches to smart city problems. And then the National Science Foundation used its own ability to reach into its own researchers to help motivate them into moving into this.    NSF thought this was a great idea because this also helped form a bridge between the research that was going on to industry in terms of applications.    Dr. Marzullo. I'll just add a brief note here in my time that the groups within NITRD often talk about infrastructure investments, and they find ways to try to help increase the sharing of them. We have a wonderful taxonomy of wireless testbeds, for example, available on our website.    Dr. Marzullo. Thank you for the question. The way NITRD works is we have several groups where we have representatives from the agencies discuss their portfolios and review what is being funded. The details of this are published every year in our supplement, and much of the work in there is not only to avoid duplication but to find ways we can work with each other, which is I think even more important. I'd like to say the secret sauce of NITRD is collaboration.    Dr. Marzullo. First, I'm going to give a shout-out to the National Coordination Office crew. Some of them are sitting behind me and they're a fantastic group of people, I must say.    I think the improvements we've been looking at are better ways to manage the NITRD Program, so how we can have better group structure, how we can get information more quickly.    So--and I actually support all of the recommendations that PCAST made. I think that was a wonderful set of groups, and we are acting on them.    But the National Coordination Office itself, they're a great group of people. I couldn't want a better staff.    Dr. Marzullo. Department of Education is a participating agency, so we have had representatives come to talk about STEM, and we always welcome them more.    Dr. Marzullo. They do bring people in. They do work with us, yes.    Dr. Marzullo. I would always welcome more contact from------    Dr. Marzullo. I'm sorry, education. They're a strong agency.    Dr. Marzullo. Part of the problem you've already mentioned is the rapidly changing field of information technology and trying to even get the teachers up to speed on what's going on, get the material into their hands. Sometimes we seem to think that MOOCs are going to solve everything, and they will to a small degree, but training the teachers, getting information, developing material is a priority.    I also think there are some very good programs out there for cybersecurity, the Scholarship for Service program, the Cyber Challenge Program of DHS. More will be done in that. I personally am interested to see when such programs will start springing up in the area of data analytics. That is clearly the next wave, and there's going to be a huge demand for this, and I think we're unprepared for that wave.    Chairwoman Comstock. Well, thank you. I really appreciate all of our--actually, Mr. Lipinski, did you want--okay.    Well, thank you for your expertise and for your enthusiasm for your work. And I'd like to thank all of your colleagues that came with you today. This is an exciting area that we certainly always have to get caught up on. If it's hard for these brilliant students to keep up on it, you can imagine how challenging it is for all of us.    So we appreciate your thoughts and ideas, and any time you can give us more information on how we might better assist in what you're doing, it would be most appreciated. So thank you for the opportunity to visit with you today.    And the Committee is now adjourned.