    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Mr. Cummings will be with us momentarily. Another committee assignment is also pressing on his schedule.    Last week we learned that the United States of America may have had what may be the most devastating cyber attack in our Nation's history, and that this may have been happening over a long period of time.    As we sit here this morning, there is a lot of confusion about exactly what personal information for millions of current and former Federal employees and workers were exposed through the latest data breach at the Office of Personnel Management.    OPM initially reported that the personal information of more than 4 million Federal employees was exposed during this attack. More recent public reports suggest that the breach was perhaps much worse than that.    It is also unclear exactly what information was exposed. We would like to know what information was exposed, over what period of time, and who has this vulnerability.    It would also be great to know who had conducted this attack. And I think we need to have candor with not only the Federal employees, but the American people as well.    The breach potentially included highly sensitive personal background information collected through the security clearance applications. We would like clarity on that position as well.    The loss of this information puts our Federal workforce at risk, particularly our intelligence officers and others working on sensitive projects throughout the globe. But we are concerned about each and every Federal worker and the public who has interacted with the Government and entrusted this information with the Government. We need to understand why the Federal Government, and OPM in particular, is struggling to guard some of our Nation's most important information.    The fact that OPM was breached should come as no surprise giving its troubled track record on data security. This has been going on for years and it is inexcusable.    Each year, the Office of Inspector General reviews and rates its respective agency's compliance with the Federal Information Security standards. According to the last eight years of IG reports, OPM's data security posture was akin to leaving all the doors and windows open in your house and expecting that nobody would walk in and nobody would take any information. How wrong they were.    Since 2007, the OPM Inspector General rated OPM's data security as a ``material weakness'' because the agency had no IT policies or procedures that can come anywhere close to something that could be used as an excuse for securing the information.    It is unbelievable to think the agency charged with maintaining and protecting all personal information of almost all former and current Federal employees would have so few information technology policies or procedures in place.    Let me just kind of read through some of the reports that have happened through the course of the years.    This is the inspector general from fiscal year 2009: This year we are expanding the material weakness to include the agency's overall information security governance programs and incorporating our concerns about the agency's information security management structure. The continuing weakness at OPM's information security program result directly from inadequate governance. Most, if not all, of the exceptions we noted this year resulted from a lack of necessary leadership, policy, and guidance.    Go to fiscal year 2010: We continue to consider the IT security management structure insufficient staff and the lack of policies and procedures to be a material weakness in OPM's IT security program.    Fiscal year 2011: We continue to believe that the information security governance represents a material weakness at OPM's IT security program.    Fiscal year 2012: Throughout fiscal year 2012, the OCIO, the Office of the Chief Information Officer, continued to operate with a decentralized IT security structure that did not have the authority or resources available to adequately implement new policies. However, the material weakness remains open in this report as the agency's IT security function remained decentralized throughout fiscal year 2012, FISMA reporting period, and because of the continued instances of non-compliance with FISMA requirements.    It goes on later: The OCIO's response to our draft audit report indicated that they disagree with the classification of the material weakness because of the program that OPM has made with its IT security program and because there was no loss of sensitive data during the fiscal year. But as the inspector general pointed out, however, the OCIO's statement is inaccurate, as there were in fact numerous information security incidents in fiscal year 2012 that led to the loss or unauthorized release of mission-critical and sensitive data.    They couldn't even decide and agree that they had lost the data back in fiscal year 2012, let alone actually solve the problem.    Go to fiscal year 2013. Again, the inspector general: The findings of this audit report highlight the fact that OPM's decentralized governance structure continues to result in many instances of non-compliance with FISMA requirements; therefore, we are again reporting this issue as a material weakness in fiscal year 2013.    Fast forward to fiscal year 2014. This is November of 2014: Eleven major OPM information systems are operating without valid authorization. This represents a material weakness in the internal control structure at OPM's IT security program.    It goes on: OPM does not maintain a comprehensive inventory of servers, databases, and network devices. They didn't even know what they have. They don't even know what is in the inventory.    Program offices are not adequately incorporating known weakness into plans of action and milestones, and the majority of systems are 120 days overdue. OPM continues to implement its continuous monitoring plan; however, security controls for all OPM systems are not adequately tested in accordance with their own policies. Not all OPM systems have conducted contingency plan tests in fiscal year 2014. Several information security agreements between OPM and contract operated information systems have expired. Multi-factor authentication is not required to access OPM systems in accordance with the OMB memorandum.    This has been going on for a long time. And yet, when I read the testimony that was provided here, we are about to hear some say, hey, we are doing a great job. You are not. It is failing.    This went on for years and it did not change. The inspector general found that 11 of the 47 major information systems, or roughly 23 percent, at OPM lacked proper security authorization, meaning the security of 11 major systems was completely outdated and unknown. Five of the 11 systems were in the Office of the Chief Information Officer, Ms. Seymour. They are in your office, which is a horrible example to be setting as the person in charge of the agency's data security.    The IG only recently upgraded OPM to a ``significant deficiency.'' In November 2014, FISMA, over 65 percent of all systems operated by OPM reside on two of the systems without valid authorization. Sitting on two systems, no valid authorization, 65 percent of the information.    For any agency to consciously disregard its data security for so long is grossly negligent. And the fact that the agency that did this is responsible for maintaining highly sensitive information for almost all Federal employees, in my opinion, is even more egregious.    OPM isn't alone. A number of other agencies also suffered breaches in the last year. This later cyber hack comes on the heels of several data breaches across the Government, including the Postal Service, the State Department, the Internal Revenue Service, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and even the White House.    At the same time, government is spending more and more on information technology. Last year, across government, we, the American people, spent almost $80 billion on information technology, and it stinks. It doesn't work, $80 billion dollars later. And the person in charge of security, the person who is in charge of making sure there is authentication of our systems, even in her own office there isn't the authorization needed.    OPM is not alone in the blame for this failure. The Office of Management and Budget has the responsibility for setting standards for Federal cybersecurity practices, and it is OMB's job to hold agencies accountable for complying and enforcing these standards.    The Department of Homeland Security has been given the lead responsibility for serving as the Federal Government's so-called geek squad to monitor day-to-day cybersecurity practices, but the technical tools that DHS has deployed to try to protect Federal networks apparently isn't doing the job.    While DHS has developed EINSTEIN to monitor Government networks, it only detects known intruders, proving that it is completely useless in the latest OPM hacks.    The status quo cannot continue. We have to do better. We are talking about the most vital information of the most sensitive nature of the people that we care about most. The people entrust that information to OPM, and through the years it has been a complete and total utter failure, to the point we find ourselves where millions of Americans are left wondering what somebody knows about them. What are they supposed to do?    And I have read the letter that you have been sending out to employees, and it is grossly inadequate. It is grossly inadequate, and that is why we are having this hearing today.    We do appreciate you all being here.    I think what we are going to do now is I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas who is the chairman of the subcommittee that we have on IT. We at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee have set up a new subcommittee that deals just with IT issues.    We are honored and pleased to have Mr. Hurd chairing that committee, so I will now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, the ranking member of the subcommittee on IT, Ms. Kelly, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    It is our intention to hear the ranking member's, Mr. Cummings, statement, but I think what we will do now is swear in the witnesses, hear their statements, then we will go to Mr. Cummings before we get to questions, if that is okay with everybody.    I will also hold the record open for five legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our first panel of witnesses.    We are pleased to welcome the Honorable Katherine Archuleta, who is the Director of Office of Personnel Management; Dr. Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications at the National Program Preparedness Directorate at the United States Department of Homeland Security; Mr. Tony Scott, U.S. Chief Information Officer of the Office of E-Government and Information Technology at the U.S. Office of Management and Budget; Ms. Sylvia Burns, Chief Information Officer of the United States Department of Interior; Ms. Donna Seymour, Chief Information Officer of the United States Office of Personnel Management; and Mr. Michael Esser, Assistant Inspector General for Audits, Office of The Inspector General at the United States Office of Personnel Management.    We welcome you all.    Pursuant to committee rules, witnesses are all to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate your limiting your testimony to five minutes. Again, please limit your comments to five minutes. I will be a little bit generous, but five minutes, if you could, and then your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    At the conclusion of those, then we will hear from Mr. Cummings with his opening statement and we will go to questions from there.    So, with that, we will now recognize Ms. Archuleta, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, and you are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Dr. Ozment.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Scott, you have a very impressive background. Your joining the Federal Government is much appreciated. We look forward to hearing your testimony. You are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Burns, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Seymour, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Esser, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings of Maryland, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for five minutes.    Ms. Archuleta, my question for you is, how big was this attack? How many Federal workers have been compromised? We have heard 4 million, we have heard 14 million. What is the right number?    Chairman Chaffetz. What is your best estimate? Is the 14 million wrong or accurate?    Chairman Chaffetz. How far back does it go? You are talking about former employees, current employees, and potential employees, so how far back does this information go that was in your system?    Chairman Chaffetz. It has nothing to do with impeding an investigation. You should know what information you have and what you don't. So this is not going to slow down any investigation. People have a right to know. The employees have a right to know. How far back does your information and database go that was compromised?    Chairman Chaffetz. So anything that is 1985----    Chairman Chaffetz. You don't know. Does it include military personnel?    Chairman Chaffetz. It is a yes or no question. Does it include military personnel?    Chairman Chaffetz. Does it include contractor information?    Chairman Chaffetz. There is nothing classified as to what information this includes. Does it include CIA personnel?    Chairman Chaffetz. Does it include anybody who has filled out SF 86, the Standard Form 86?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why wasn't this information encrypted?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I want to know from you why the information wasn't encrypted. This is personal, sensitive information; birth dates, Social Security numbers, background information, addresses. Why wasn't it encrypted?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, it is valuable. Why wasn't it?    Ms. Archuleta.--and is an industry best practice. In fact, our cybersecurity framework promotes encryption as a key protection method.    Chairman Chaffetz. Why didn't you----    Chairman Chaffetz. We didn't ask you to come read statements. I want to know why you didn't encrypt the information.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, well, it didn't work, so you failed. Okay? You failed utterly and totally. So the inspector general, November 12th, 2014, we recommend that the OPM director consider shutting down information systems that do not have current and valid authorization, and you chose not to. Why?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, but he had a very serious recommendation to shut down the system. That is how bad it was. And you said no.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I would like you to answer that question. It says we recommend that the OPM director consider shutting it down. Your response back from the Office of Chief Information Officer, ``The IT program managers will work with the ISSOs to ensure that OPM systems maintain current ATOs and that there are no interruptions to OPM's mission operation.'' Basically, you said no.    The inspector general was right. Your systems were vulnerable. The data was not encrypted. It could be compromised. They were right last year. They recommended, it was so bad, that you shut it down, and you didn't, and I want to know why.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you made a conscious decision knowing that it was vulnerable, that all these millions of records of Federal employees was out there? The inspector general pointed out the vulnerability and you said no, we are not making a change.    Chairman Chaffetz. And did you do that? You didn't. You didn't, did you? That didn't happen, did it?    Chairman Chaffetz. When did they get in network?    Chairman Chaffetz. When did they get into the system?    Chairman Chaffetz. Of?    Chairman Chaffetz. But in November 2014 you didn't know if they were in there, did you?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you detected the system? It wasn't a software provider? You found it yourself?    Chairman Chaffetz. So The New York Times and the others who wrote that were wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. Two more questions, with your indulgence here. How many people have received letters?    Chairman Chaffetz. One last question, with everybody's indulgence here.    Ms. Archuleta, there was a data breach at OPM in July of 2014, okay? This is what you said about Ms. Seymour. In December, I was very fortunate to bring Donna Seymour, from the Department of Defense, onboard. She has great experience with the IT world and has brought her talents to OPM. It was because of her leadership and her dedicated employees that we were able to make sure that none of this personal identifiable information was compromised.    This was July of 2014. You cited her and the data breach as making sure that none of the personal identifiable information got out the door. Now that it has been hacked, are you going to give her that same amount of credit?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, you have completely and utterly failed in that mission if that was your objective. The inspector general has been warning about this since 2007. There has been breach after breach. He recommended shutting it down last year and you, you made a conscious decision to not do that. You kept it open. The information was vulnerable and the hackers got it.    I don't know if it was the Chinese, the Russians, or whoever else, but they have it, and they are going to prey upon the American people. That is their goal and objective, and you made a conscious decision to leave that information vulnerable. It was the wrong decision. It was in direct contradiction to what the inspector general said should happen, and he had been warning about it for years.    Chairman Chaffetz. So what kind of grade would you give yourself? Are you succeeding or failing?    Chairman Chaffetz. We don't have decades. They don't take decades.    Chairman Chaffetz. I yield back.    I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for as much time as he wants.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I ow recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Duly noted.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Now we recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I appreciate the gentleman. You are almost three minutes over time. We have classified that we have to go to and we have members that still have an effort.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Appreciate it.    I now recognize Mr. Russell from Oklahoma for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. Well said.    Now recognize the chairman of the IT subcommittee, Mr. Hurd, of Texas, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thanks.    Mr. DeSantis, of Florida, is now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. We appreciate the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman will suspend.    Our time is so tight to our 1:00 o'clock briefing. We would like a full and complete answer. There will be questions for the record and we will continue to follow up, and I hope you understand.    Chairman Chaffetz. We need to give time to Mr. Grothman from Wisconsin, who is now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I want to thank the panelists and everybody that is here. I think you understand, on a bipartisan basis, how seriously we take this situation.    To those Federal employees who are affected, one of the things that should come out is that in the letter, the very end of the letter, if you receive one of these letters, it does note that the Office of Personnel Management is not going to call you. They are not going to contact you to provide additional information. There will be some very bad actors that are going to try to take advantage of this bad situation and exploit it for their own personal gain. They have already done that. They are going to do it again and there are going to be others that are going to try to do that.    To all of our Federal employees, please do not fall victim yet again to somebody who is going to send you an email or make a call and try to prey upon you further. It was noted in the letter. It is worth noting here from the pulpit.    Again, we look forward to the 1:00 classified briefing. We are going to have to hustle.    The committee now stands adjourned. Thank you.