    Dr. Paulson. Good morning, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson and Committee members. Chairman Smith, thank you for your kind introduction of me, and I will just add that for 30 to 35 years I also practiced----    Dr. Paulson. I practiced and taught primary care pediatrics, so I was directly involved in the day-to-day pediatric care of children.    And so with the background that you described and my work as a pediatrician that I mentioned, I'm going to comment today on the child health benefits of the Clean Power Plan and the EPA's proposed ozone rule.    We know very clearly that children are disproportionately at risk from environmental pollutants. Children are not little adults, and we cannot extrapolate from what we know about adults and assume that that information applies to children, particularly as it relates to respiratory illnesses. Children breathe faster than adults, they have higher levels of physical activity, and they spend more time outdoors. Their lungs are still developing. Therefore, children have different outcomes from exposures to ozone and other air pollutants than adults do, and these effects on children last a lifetime. Problems that develop in children manifest themselves in adulthood. The work of EPA is essential to protecting children from pollutants and ensuring that children have an optimal environment in which to live, learn and play.    Reducing carbon emissions of fossil fuel power plants represents a major step towards addressing a key component of climate change in the United States. According to the World Health Organization, over 80 percent of the current health burden from the changing climate is on children less than five years old, and that's children here in the United States as well as globally. These burdens on children include injury and death from natural disasters, increases in air pollution-related illness, and more heat-related potentially fatal illness.    Reducing carbon pollution will have an immediate impact on child health by reducing emissions of other pollutants and the resultant creation of harmful ozone. When fully implemented in 2030, EPA's proposed rule for existing power plants will result in 6,600 fewer premature deaths, 150,000 fewer childhood asthma attacks, and 180,000 fewer missed school days, 3,700 fewer cases of bronchitis. This also means that when children are not sick, their parents can go to work, keep their jobs and earn money for the family.    Let me tell you about a phone call that I received from a physician about a little girl with asthma. The family and the physician were having difficulty keeping her asthma under control in spite of adequate medical management. The astute mother reported that her daughter's asthma got worse when the smoke from the power plant that was located near her home changed from white to black. We were able to determine that the power plant usually burned natural gas but was approved to burn coal under certain circumstances. We believe that this little girl's asthma was exacerbated by the coal burning because of the increase in particulate and other air pollutants associated with that fuel.    It is also clear and compelling scientific evidence that supports the need for a strong ozone standard of 60 parts per billion or lower. High levels of ozone in the air including levels above 60 parts per billion can lead to decreased lung function in children, coughing, burning and shortness of breath as well as inflammation and swelling of the airways. In 2025, a 60-part-per-billion standard could prevent 7,900 premature deaths, 1.8 million child asthma attacks, and 1.9 million missed school days.    I know that the distinguished members of this Committee have given many speeches over the course of your careers, and I am sure that all of you would be horrified, as I was, to look out at a crowd that you were addressing to see a woman in the audience sobbing but that was my experience during a luncheon presentation talking about ozone as a cause of asthma and a reason for exacerbation of asthma. This mom was blaming herself for being a good mother and encouraging her son to be physically active and involved in outdoor sports only to have him develop asthma.    The EPA has a fundamental role in ensuring that the environment in which children live, learn and play is safe and healthy and allows children to enter adulthood free from environmentally related health problems. The Clean Power Plan and stronger ozone NAAQS are essential child health policies that the AAP strongly supports.    Thank you.    Dr. Paulson. Yes, sir, I do.    Dr. Paulson. Washington, D.C.    Dr. Paulson. Ms. Johnson, if the states retain the current standard until it's fully implemented, people are going to die and people are going to be sick. We knew before the current standard was set by EPA based on the science that was available prior to that time that that standard was inadequate to protect the health of human beings in the United States. We now have additional scientific information, both from human epidemiologic studies and other research that shows that a level of 60 is where health protection starts.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much.    Are you likely aware that critics of the Clean Power Plan and virtually any other EPA rule often claim that the economy and the American consumer will suffer as a result of efforts to make our environment cleaner and safer? This ``sky is falling'' attitude toward protecting the health of Americans runs counter to reality. As the economy has tripled in size since the adoption of the Clean Air Act in 1970, claims that regulations kills jobs are equally misleading. As a matter of fact, I've known it to create jobs. In fact, just last year, we heard from the witnesses that wise environmental protection and robust economic development can and should go hand in hand.    That being said, one cost is abundantly clear, and that is the cost of American lives, if we do not enact regulations to protect their public health.    Now, can you please expand upon the cost to public health if we do not act and implement stronger emission regulations and what are the costs to the taxpayers, especially medical costs, if businesses are allowed to continue to pollute?    Dr. Paulson. Ms. Johnson, the issues around ozone in particular and all of the rest of the air pollutants that come under the Clean Power Plan, each and every one of them adversely affects human health and therefore cost money, cost money in terms of direct out-of-pocket costs for payment of medical expenses or the government pays those expenses if it's not direct out of pocket or business pays those expenses in terms of insurance premiums. Businesses also pay an expense for these health problems when their workers can't show up or show up sick and can't do the work that they need to do. Businesses also pay for these health problems when children are ill because their parents need to stay home with the children, need to take their children to a healthcare professional, need to take their children to an emergency room, or need to sit by their child's bedside in the hospital.    One of my colleagues, Dr. Leonardo Trasande from NYU Medical School, and a colleague of his, Dr. Lu, concluded that the best estimate of childhood asthma costs in 2008, and recognized that they've only gone up since then, that could be associated just with environmental factors--this is not the total cost of asthma, this is the cost attributable to environmental factors--was around $2.2 billion per year in the United States with a range from about $728 million to $2.5 billion.    So by not protecting our people, there is an extensive economic burden on businesses and on the country as a whole.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much. My time is expired.    Dr. Paulson. It depends what pollutant you're looking at and what particular health outcome you are looking at, but we do know that the pollution levels have come down and we also know that the current pollution levels are not healthy, actually still----    Dr. Paulson. There's been some leveling off, for example, of people with asthma but there are----    Dr. Paulson. There----    Dr. Paulson. These levels of pollution are dangerous to human beings, Mr. Rohrabacher. These levels of pollution are produced by human beings and can be controlled by human beings.    Dr. Paulson. Mr. Rohrabacher----    Dr. Paulson. Mr. Knight, we know very well that air pollution is not confined by political borders. We know this very well in the United States, but it is true internationally as well, and we can only do what we can do in the United States to protect our own citizens, and Congress gave the Environmental Protection Agency a responsibility to protect the health of human beings in our country, and that is what they are attempting to do by lowering these pollutant limits.    Dr. Paulson. Health needs to be a priority, and as a physician, I am sworn and I took an oath long ago and still very much believe that oath I took to protect the health of the individuals that I work with, and for me, that's the kids but it's also their families. I cannot ethically take the consideration of cost into account. I certainly work with the families to try and make sure that they have or can access the financial resources for whatever it is that I or my colleagues may be recommending, but my responsibility is to do what is in the best interest of children.    Dr. Paulson. Yes. I'm a pediatrician, but let me mention something particular to adults, and that relates to particulate pollution. We know that when particle levels go up in the air, the next day more people are going to be admitted to the hospital with heart attack and strokes and die from those heart attacks and strokes as a result of that exposure to the particulates. So that's just one example.    Another example is that we know that children grow up in areas of the country that have higher air pollution when they are finished growing, 18, 20, their lungs are smaller than kids who grow up in a less polluted area, and that raises the concern of, are these kids then set up for what we think of as adult-onset pulmonary disease but actually it goes back to the pollution that they were exposed to as children.    I grew up here in Washington, DC. There will be a number of times this coming summer when every TV station will be telling us all to stay inside because of high ozone levels. As I understand it, the Integrated Science Assessment for Ozone states that ``The current body of evidence indicates there's a likely causal relationship between short-term exposures to ozone and total mortality.'' Can you talk about this evidence?    Dr. Paulson. Yes. Ozone causes inflammation, irritation, particularly in the lungs. I think an analogy that everybody I hope can understand is sunburn. Sunburn causes inflammation and irritation of the skin, and likewise, ozone does that but it does that in the breathing tubes in the lungs, and acutely that--if it's a one-time thing, if it's a few-times thing, that heals up and goes away just like a sunburn heals up and goes away. But on a chronic basis, that leads to permanent changes in the breathing tubes in the lung so that they no longer function the way they need to function to remove other pollutants from the lung. They become scarred. They don't transfer oxygen and carbon dioxide the way they should. So overall, pulmonary function declines and that impacts on a whole range of adult health issues.    So I think that we need to bring the ozone level down. Levels below 60 are much safer than levels above 60, and we should have a standard of 60 in the United States.    Dr. Paulson. Mr. Tonko, yes, they do vary by region. We are already seeing significant impacts in terms of injuries and deaths among native populations in Alaska because of changes in the ice and other factors there. We will and are seeing in the rest of the country--we will see more problems with asthma, as you have mentioned. We have seen over the last 5 to ten years a change in the range, the number of counties and states that--where Lyme disease is a problem and as the climate continues to change, we will see continued changes in that disease and other diseases such as we may begin to see indigenous malaria here in the United States. We will start to have problems from sea-level rise. We are--I'm a resident of Virginia and I live in Mr. Beyer's district, so we don't quite see that so much in Alexandria but certainly in the Norfolk region, the Hampton Roads region. We are seeing that, and that will continue and impact on other parts of the country with sea-level rise. We lose quality of water for agriculture and for drinking. So there's going to be a vast array of impacts, it will vary by part of the country, and it will disproportionately--and these impacts will disproportionately fall on children and other vulnerable populations.    Dr. Paulson. First and foremost, all reductions in CO<INF>2</INF> production will slow the rate of temperature change associated with excess CO<INF>2</INF>, and if we can get CO<INF>2</INF> levels down in the long run, while some of these issues will continue to occur for a while, we can stop the progress of climate change in the long run.    I think that again in the long run, we need to be very concerned about food availability and quality of food that's going to be impacted from higher temperatures. People are literally--and we're seeing this unfortunately now in India, people are literally not going to be able to go out and plant and harvest when the temperatures are extremely high. The plants will not grow and produce the bountiful resources that we require and derive from them. The quality of the food may be decreased. So there are a lot of impacts that we're going to have to deal with.    Dr. Paulson. I don't know exactly what the World Health Organization has said is the greatest contributing factor. Genetics is certainly an issue. Smoking is clearly issue. That's another form of----    Dr. Paulson. No, sir, I don't.    Dr. Paulson. I don't know enough to comment. I think you're right but I don't know.    Dr. Paulson. Sir, I have no idea what the context is so I can't comment.    Dr. Paulson. Again, that's beyond my expertise, sir.    Dr. Paulson. I don't use that terminology but it's beyond my expertise.