    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Deputy Director Werkheiser, for testifying today.    The United States Geological Survey, or USGS, is one of the most esteemed scientific organizations in the world. The Agency earned its reputation through 137 years of unparalleled insights into everything from earthquakes to clean drinking water, and climate change to fossil fuel reserves.    I also know how important their work is because the USGS's Great Lakes Science Center, which is in my district, has played an important role in helping to stop the spread of Asian carp in the Great Lakes. The effect of Asian carp, if they become fully established in the Great Lakes, is enormous, which is why I requested that this subcommittee hold a hearing on just one aspect of the damage--the effect on Great Lakes fisheries.    In order to effectively protect that $4.5 billion in economic activity in the Great Lakes fisheries, we must have the best possible science from the best possible scientific institutions.    In fact, you would be hard pressed to find a congressional district that has not benefited from USGS's work, which is why it is so disappointing that they have been dealing with a scientific integrity issue.    For 18 years, chemists at a small lab in Colorado intentionally manipulated some of the data that they were hired to produce. Though none of the data was used to support any state or Federal regulations, seven papers were delayed and one had to be retracted.    USGS had the chance to correct it when the data manipulation was first uncovered in 2008; but after they cleaned house and hired new analysts and management, the same data manipulation continued unabated until it was discovered again in 2014.    The investigations that followed uncovered other disturbing things: the lab was found to be slow--they took seven times as long to analyze their samples as they should have, they were slow to identify the manipulation, they were slow to act to correct it and prevent the problem from happening, and they were slow to notify the customers.    The investigations also found that management was asleep at the wheel. Not only did management fail to catch the problem, but one manager looked the other way for a few months. Making matters worse, they presided over, and may have facilitated, a toxic workplace environment. Offensive language and behavior created an atmosphere that was so intimidating that a scientific integrity investigative body concluded that it contributed to the lab's substandard performance. Their report indicated that when a female employee tried to blow the whistle on it, management failed to support her. Any organization that devalues women in their workplace will not last. The scientific integrity report cited this failure as one of the main reasons it recommended that the lab close permanently.    The closure of this lab is a fair outcome. The USGS got a second chance to correct the problem, and they didn't. I believe the USGS should be held to a higher standard and that the lab closure was the right decision.    Fortunately, all signs point to this problem being isolated to the inorganic lab. The closest comparison to the inorganic lab at USGS is the organic lab, which is reputable and in demand.    The report by the Scientific Integrity Review Panel concluded that ``the organic laboratory section is an extremely productive, well-organized structure laboratory that is conducting important scientific research.'' Of course, the remainder of the Agency continues to churn out science that is essential to the Nation.    At this point, there have been two Inspector General reports, a number of external audits, a number of internal reviews, and a scientific integrity investigation. At this point, there have been more investigations than the number of analysts that were in the lab.    I will be interested to know what my colleagues on the other side think this hearing will add to the pile, and more specifically, how this new information will help the USGS become a stronger agency. After all, that is one of the primary functions of oversight--to improve the effectiveness of the agencies that serve the American people.    So, I hope we can focus today on making sure we can learn from the well-documented mistakes, ensure that they will not be repeated, and focus on building the Agency up rather than tearing it down.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Deputy Director Werkheiser, because I so value USGS's work that it does and the people that work there, I want to ask you about the workplace environment at the lab. As you know, the Scientific Integrity Review Panel was appalled to learn that there was a toxic work environment characterized by ``use of offensive language and behavior'' that appears to be created, at least in part, by a lab analyst that was flippant and difficult to work with.    When a female staff member brought the issue to the attention of two levels of management, management and human relations appeared to have failed to adequately address the harassment. She was reportedly one of the several recipients of bullying behavior in the lab.    While this sounds like it is not a case of sexual harassment, because it happened to men and women, it is a case of harassment that apparently also went for a very long time without being addressed. In fact, it might not have been discovered at all or paid attention to, even though it was being reported, if not for this particular scientific integrity investigation.    I want to know how, in the absence of this kind of investigative report in other parts of USGS, can we know that such a hostile work environment has not taken root elsewhere in the Agency?    Mrs. Dingell. Let me quickly ask you two questions. I work there, and I want to report a harassment. How can I do that, be assured that my whistleblowing will remain confidential to all, including my supervisor? And how do I know it will be investigated fairly, thoroughly, and promptly?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. Chairman, I do think that we need to make the point this is still under active investigation and that the committee probably has the right at the end of the investigation to ask for the findings. Is that correct, that this is still under active investigation?    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. Chairman, again, so I had had questions about how are they allowed to retire, what were the circumstances, were people held accountable. Are we going to ultimately get that report?    Mrs. Dingell. I shared your concerns.    Mrs. Dingell. So, I was told it was still under active investigation. They did not have that yet, but I think this committee would like to see it when you do.