    Ms. Abizaid. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Abizaid. How's that?    Ms. Abizaid. Is that ----    Ms. Abizaid. Thank you, sir. Chairman Chaffetz, members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to discuss the Department of Defense infrastructure projects in Afghanistan and for your attention to our mission there.    I'm honored to have the opportunity to update you, alongside my colleagues who are present here today. All of us take seriously our responsibility to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars.    You have my longer statement for the record, so I will focus my remarks on a couple of key points this morning.    Over the previous 14 plus years, U.S. forces have worked with our international partners to improve security and stability in Afghanistan. We are forever grateful to and honor the 2,236 U.S. service members who have lost their lives while serving in Afghanistan, the over 20,000 military personnel who have been wounded, and the thousands of families who have sacrificed for this important mission, a mission that is fundamentally about preventing Afghanistan from once again becoming a safe haven from which terrorists can plan attacks against the United States homeland, U.S. interests abroad, or our international partners.    Currently, DOD is conducting two complementary missions in Afghanistan: a counterterrorism mission against the remnants of al Qaeda and other extremist groups that threaten the United States; and a NATO-led train, advise, and assist mission with Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, known as Resolute Support.    The era characterized by large investments in infrastructure projects, which coincided primarily with the U.S. troop surge, largely concluded more than a year ago. At the height of our combat mission, annual appropriations for the Afghan Security Forces Fund (ASFF), the Commanders Emergency Response Program (CERP), and the Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund (AIF) reached about $12 billion. This fiscal year those appropriations are down. Congress appropriated $5 million for CERP and $3.7 billion for ASFF. One percent of this funding is currently allocated for infrastructure, and we have not requested any further funds for AIF since 2014.    Now, over the last 10 years DOD completed over $9 billion in infrastructure projects for the Ministries of Defense and Interior and their forces, including more than 1,000 projects supporting basing requirements for the ANA, the Afghan National Army, and the Afghan National Police. Development of this basing footprint has been crucial to enabling the Afghan forces to assume full responsibility for the security of Afghanistan so that the United States and the coalition can end its combat mission.    On a smaller scale, DOD also executed projects through AIF primarily to address the lack of electricity that is impeding Afghanistan's economic growth, and CERP, which local commanders use to address urgent humanitarian and reconstruction needs such as repairing village wells or building security walls around schools.    And for each source of funds, the Department developed guidance on how projects were to be approved and managed. Generally, smaller-scale projects were approved in theater. In accordance with congressional requirements, many of the larger projects were approved at the highest levels of the Department and notified to the appropriate congressional oversight committees. Once approved, projects were managed by executing agencies in theater with oversight provided by various offices, working groups, and councils within the Department of Defense.    Now, this is not to say that all projects were problem-free. Afghanistan is a war-torn country with an active insurgency, a history of corruption, poor transportation infrastructure, and little production and manufacturing capacity. Infrastructure development in this environment is challenging, and we have learned many lessons over the last 14 plus years.    Now, as my colleagues can describe, we work closely with contractors to manage problems and control costs. We're also successfully using trained Afghan quality assurance personnel to conduct onsite inspections and tests at locations that U.S. personnel cannot regularly visit. I understand SIGAR does the same with its inspections in the current environment.    Now, in some cases, projects have failed. For example, SIGAR recently published a report about an Afghan police training facility constructed in 2012 that cost nearly $500,000. The walls dissolved in the rain. That is simply unacceptable.    We appreciate the efforts of the inspectors general to shine a light on these problems so we can take corrective action. We have worked closely with auditors on more than 500 audit reports and oversight projects since 2008 and have taken action to improve the execution of our reconstruction efforts. In a recent compilation of SIGAR's past reports on infrastructure, SIGAR noted that DOD addressed 90 percent of its recommendations.    Now, no one in DOD is satisfied with a failed project. It hurts the mission, it undermines the confidence in the Department, and it wastes taxpayer funds. Fortunately, failure is rare. Due to DOD personnel in theater who continue to work tirelessly and often at great personal risk, the vast majority of infrastructure projects were completed successfully and used as intended to the benefit of the Afghan people and to long-term U.S. interests. Notwithstanding some mistakes, overall, I'd characterize it DOD's infrastructure programs, particularly those that have focused on Afghanistan's core security needs, as highly successful and critical to the Afghan Government's ability to provide security across Afghanistan.    I do want to stress that we are committed to ensuring U.S. taxpayer funds are used efficiently and invested wisely. The American people have made a generous and important contribution to the ANDSF and the future of Afghanistan, and the support has been key in enabling the United States to step out of a large-scale combat role as Afghans increasingly defend their country.    In closing, I want to again thank the committee for this opportunity to discuss our efforts to develop necessary infrastructure in support of our mission and to ensure that we are doing so responsibly. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Abizaid. The DOD money is about $60 billion over that time period.    Ms. Abizaid. I think that's generally accurate, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. So, sir, the ----    Ms. Abizaid. The budget for the Afghan National Security Force's ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I'm generally familiar with it. It is an investigation that's happening in the military chain of command.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, we haven't yet finalized the details of what the reconstruction of the building that was mistakenly struck will entail. I would say that I would fully expect that at the time that we do decide to reconstruct a clinic if that's in fact the case ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I will take that for the record.    Ms. Abizaid. I would say that I am not aware of significant DOD projects that are currently underway other than the rebuild in Kunduz that include hospitals. The ones that were--the clinics that were constructed in the past I'll need to check for the record to make sure that we did do due diligence on the distinguishing feature.    Ms. Abizaid. My understanding is that, yes, we are in fact doing that. Let me turn it to my colleagues.    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir, I'd just like to respond briefly. I fully acknowledge that there are reports of ghost soldiers and sort of the volume of ghost soldier--the ghost soldier problem is something that we desperately want to get our arms around. I think the 40 percent figure is actually overrated, but, sir ----    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir. And we'll take that back to the field.    I did want to say that we are instituting new systems and processes to increase the accountability and our visibility into the soldiers that are getting paid through an integrated pay-and-personnel system and through the issuance of biometric ID cards for the Afghan National Army. These are really important systems to address the kind of accountability that we're talking about, make sure the people that are supposed to be getting paid are getting paid.    And for--you know, to the example that you raised about increasing our visibility into specific units, we actually have pretty good visibility now into the units in Helmand and the kind of roles that they are keeping, and we have noted a significant degree of absence from rolls, attrition rates that are higher than we would have expected. Our engagement with the Afghan National Security Forces and the Ministries of Defense and Interior have enabled greater insight as we work to rebuild and reconstitute that force in Helmand that is in the midst of a fight.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, with respect to Afghanistan Infrastructure Funds, I would note that this--most of the DOD funds associated with that, first, we are no longer requesting funds and haven't since 2014. We do want some funds to be able to complete ongoing projects. Those projects are being turned over to a self-sufficient Afghan entity known as DABS, which has actually been quite successful in generating revenues and actually being able to sustain many of the projects that we've undertaken in coordination with ----    Ms. Abizaid. Not at this time. We are trying to use portions of ASIF to finish out the projects.    Ms. Abizaid. Once the projects are complete, we do not expect any additional funds.    Ms. Abizaid. Let me deferred to my colleagues in the engineering.    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir. I appreciate your concerns, and I also appreciate Mr. Sopko acknowledging all that we have done, especially in recent years as the mission has changed to scope the mission appropriately going forward.    I agree with you. I think that the melting walls on an Afghan firing range are--is an unacceptable situation to have found ourselves in. I would also say that that is one project but not representative of the thousands of projects that we've undertaken in Afghanistan. You know, some of the successes that I can cite are having built a basing structure for a new Afghan National Security Force from which they're fighting a live counterinsurgency right now and, you know, with some problems but also some successes.    And so, you know, as we look to carry less and less burden ourselves both in dollars and American blood, we are trying to shift responsibility as much as possible to the Afghan Government. I think over the last year we've seen good success in that, and the program now is to find the right balance in terms of what we ask them to do, what we enable them to do, how we can build their own capacity, and what's going to fall to us to address our core national security interests.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I think we are around a steady-state amount of about $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion. That might go up given some Afghan security ----    Ms. Abizaid. In the next year, sir, the cost to sustain the Afghan National Security Forces is about $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion ----    Ms. Abizaid. That's ----    Ms. Abizaid. That's right, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, that is total appropriation. The part that is for DOD is the $3.5 billion. The $11 billion is total U.S. Government, and that is State, AID, and other agencies.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, for the Afghan National Security Forces we're talking about $1 billion from the rest of the world. The development aid I think--I would need to check with State, but I think they're shooting for $1 billion as well.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, so $60 billion total in terms of ASIF, the fund that supports the Afghan National Security and Defense Forces. They're--at its height it was about $10 billion a year appropriation. We have worked very hard as our mission has changed to move away from building up the ANDSF and the costly experiences associated with that and getting it to a better steady-state level at the $3.5 billion rate that we are currently at.    As a means of increasing the efficiency of our investment in Afghanistan, we are looking to slope that cost of the force down. Security costs are very high both for the Afghan Government and for ourselves, and so one of the keys here is reducing violence levels in Afghanistan in a reasonable amount of time. And the ANDSF is going to ----    Ms. Abizaid. The Afghan Government has been in full lead for security responsibility over the last year. They had mixed success, but there was success, and they are--we expect them to continue to develop and improve your ----    Ms. Abizaid. The international presence is certainly under threat in Afghanistan.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I'll have to get back to you on the full number, but you're right, our contractor-to-boots-on-the-ground ratio is high. I think it's at about four to one, but I'll have to confirm that for the--and get it back to you for the record.    Ms. Abizaid. We're working on it.    Ms. Abizaid. Ma'am, can I just address ----    Ms. Abizaid. --through the help of inspectors general, including Mr. Sopko, we have learned quite a few lessons through--in our 14 plus years in Afghanistan. You know, some of the lessons that we have learned specifically about reconstruction and infrastructure projects include having a continual review of the projects at hand so if they are unneeded we can actually stop construction on those projects and return taxpayer money, working closely with the inspectors general to identify problems to take corrective action, as we have done in 90 percent of the recommendations that we heard from this report, including engineering experts on the front end of projects so we make sure that we're not only undertaking a project that's needed but building it right the first time around. That's been something that I think we've done increasingly well over time.    And balance the need for urgency in a contingency war environment with the kind of analysis that's going to be appropriate in that environment. And so, you know, these are some of the lessons. There are many others that we've learned through cooperation with the inspector general.    Ms. Abizaid. I'd need to check and get back to you on how numbers today compare to 2002. I know over the last year, mostly due to weather, there was a decrease in the poppy crop. I think that the weather patterns this year mean that that'll likely increase. But whether it's a full increase since 2002, I'd need to take that for the record, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I'll need to take that for the record. I don't have an impression that it has tripled, but that is not something that I follow on a daily basis as part of my portfolio, so I'll check with those that do.    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir, it is within the DOD ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, the counter narcotics money that the Department of Defense has been in Afghanistan has primarily been to support the special mission wing, which is an Afghan aviation program. That's actually one of the most successful programs in Afghanistan. Now, whether that's affected the overall levels of opiates and poppy cultivation, I don't have those numbers for you. I will say that reporting standards have increased widely over the last, you know, 14 plus years in Afghanistan as more and more credible sources have come in. So whether in 2002 that were accurate figures are not is something I just can't speak to, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. I understand, sir. I don't--I'm sorry. I don't have the answer for you.    Ms. Abizaid. I am sorry, I do not.    Ms. Abizaid. The progress that DOD has made in the use of its counter narcotics funds are represented by the success of the special mission wing, which is an Afghan aviation program. The total levels of opiate production, I will ask my staff to engage and get that answer and I will try and have that before the end of the hearing as well, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I'd only say that we absolutely acknowledge that narcotics trafficking is a major funder of the insurgency. Counterinsurgency operations that go against insurgent strongholds do so and try and address some of those smuggling routes, some of that poppy cultivation, but it is a serious problem and it's one that we are very focused on, which is why we funded the special mission wing to engage in both counterterrorism and counter narcotics missions.    I will acknowledge and do have information from my staff that counter narcotics--that poppy cultivation has generally gone up over the last 10 years. We'll get more specifics for you, sir. And while it has fluctuated year by year, again, often weather-dependent, I would not claim that we have significantly degraded the kind of funding that comes from those illegal substances.    Ms. Abizaid. Ma'am, with respect to that prioritization, I do think that we are engaged in that. If you look at the amount of money we are going to be spending on infrastructure projects in the next year, it's 1 percent of the total request, which the total request is already quite a bit lower than it was. And it is on those priority efforts that are about increasing Afghan National Security Force capability in ways that we don't have to it expand U.S. resources to make up for.    So in particular, they have a fixed wing aircraft that needs infrastructure, storage for munitions. We're spending money on that. We're not spending money on building schools or large-scale new builds. We are mostly in a place where 95 percent of the infrastructure build is over, and we are prioritizing our efforts to sustain and to have very clear objectives in what new projects we seek to undertake.    Ms. Abizaid. Congressman ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, we do know what's under construction now.    Ms. Abizaid. I mentioned the munitions storage facility for the A-29. We also have ----    Ms. Abizaid. I would say it's a handful, sir. I can get the details for you on the specifics. But as I mentioned, it's 1 percent of the planned budget, and we're not talking about very many new builds at all.    Ms. Abizaid. That is absolutely fair to say, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. So we have increased oversight over the years. I think that if you look at the scope of Mr. Sopko's most recent report, it's relating projects that were from 2009 and some current projects. I think you even see in that report the kind of improvement that we've done in terms of processes and procedures for oversight. There's oversight that happens in the field through CSTC-A. There's also oversight that happens in the Department.    Ms. Abizaid. But my colleagues ----    Mr. Hice.--of these things that you are describing, how long have those been in place?    Ms. Abizaid. They have increased over time. For instance, in the Department we have an Afghanistan Resources and Oversight Council that is co-chaired by me, comptroller, and one of my colleagues from AT&L. That's been in place for since, I think, 2013. And we have to approve projects that are above a certain dollar amount to make sure that it's consistent with our policy ----    Ms. Abizaid. I don't ----    Ms. Abizaid. Not all of them, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. So, sir, of the projects that were specifically for the MOI and MOD, which I think Mr. Sopko in his report listed 27 of them, 26 of those are currently occupied and currently being used by the Afghan National Security Forces. One of them was canceled actually by the Department of Defense and saving, I think, up to about $10 million in taxpayer ----    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir. We'll get that to you ----    Ms. Abizaid. So, sir, I ----    Ms. Abizaid. For those projects that we've built for the Afghan military, I think we do know and have good record of what was built. I think where there is less certainty is--are those projects that are--that were directed under the Commander's Emergency Response Program, which is an appropriation that's gone down over time and has been managed by individual units in the field, captains, colonels depending on the size of the unit to undertake immediate-need projects like building a well, like walls for a school.    And so I think that our records on that go to the amount of appropriation that was given to a particular unit, not necessarily all specific projects. But we have good data on that and we'll certainly get it to you as a question for the record, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, it is.    Ms. Abizaid. At 90 percent occupancy, I believe.    Ms. Abizaid. That is the update I got from the field over the last 2 weeks, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. To the extent that those features make, one, the ministry more secure, and two, the ministry able to connect more effectively with the units outside of Kabul, we think that those are important features of any kind of headquarters element, including the Pentagon. So we do think that it is important to have a fully functioning building for the Ministry of Defense so we can have the kind of leadership over its security forces that are important for their effective function.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, yes, I do. The need for the Afghan Ministry of Defense to have a secure building in a secure location and be able to effectively communicate with their forces has been an important feature for just making sure that that minister functions and increasingly on its own so that we're not taking the slack and doing the work for them ourselves, which has features of enabling dependence as opposed to enabling independence. So I do think it's an important part of what we do.    I think to do it well is very important. I know that there were some--the cost overruns are a feature of the security environment unfortunately in Afghanistan. They're also feature of bad contracting on the--in the early part of the contracts, maybe some underestimates about how much this was going to cost, and so while I think these investments are important, it's also important that we do them right.    Ms. Abizaid. We are not any more, sir. The Task Force for Stability--for Business and Stability Operations closed its doors in--at the end of 2014, and we are no longer engaged in the kind of business that TFBSO did.    The reason TFBSO was stood up was as part of our counterinsurgency mission. Commanders in the field felt that there was a high demand for DOD to be able to invest in economic development in a way that would complement those efforts of State and USAID.    Ms. Abizaid. And that was the theory behind the case, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. So with the closing of TFBSO, I think that the projects that I'm most aware of are those that are associated with the Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund, and those are about infrastructure projects associated with the electric grid and completing power transmission lines, for instance. Those are projects we undertook starting several years ago, and we're just trying to finish out those projects. And they're projects that we do in coordination with USAID given the security environment and the expertise that the Corps of Engineers brings to the table.    I think, sir, also just one addendum. We are also doing--continuing to do work on the Kajaki Dam, which is also a core competency of the Corps of Engineers.    Ms. Abizaid. We do have a list, sir. I can get that for you.    Ms. Abizaid. CERP has changed over time. It looks like it's at $2.2 billion over the course of the campaign, which is much different than ASIF or the other funds.    Ms. Abizaid. Well, sir, I talked earlier about some of the lessons learned that we have undertaken to increase the kind of oversight that we have provided for various projects. I think in the field, given the volume of projects that we're undertaking, we have better oversight and we have a more competent Afghan partner who's grown their capability over several years.    I don't know if my colleagues from the engineering world would be able to tell in more specifics how they have done that with specific projects.    Ms. Abizaid. In some ways, yes, it has. Again, I would just say that Mr. Sopko's report details 44 projects, which is among over 1,000 that we've actually undertaken in the country.    Ms. Abizaid. Let me turn to my colleague ----    Ms. Abizaid. It's now complete and fully occupied. Mr. Brown's organization took care of that construction.    Mr. Sopko.--nor do we--we ----    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, sir, we have.    Ms. Abizaid. There are examples of us holding to account those that we have evidence of fraud, waste, and abuse.    Ms. Abizaid. I think--and that's been enabled by Mr. Sopko's ----    Mr. Mica.--how many criminally have been held accountable in United States courts? And then you outline some of the difficulty in prosecuting within Afghan courts. Can anyone give me a number, 10, 20, 30? I can tell you over 140 in New York on the Sandy project.    Ms. Abizaid. I can get that for the record, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. The State Department.    Ms. Abizaid. No, I'm not--I do not think it is still in place. The Department ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I would say that the Afghan National Security Forces are actually one of the most nationalist institutions in Afghanistan, and we've actually seen them fight very well over the last year ----    Ms. Abizaid. I understand, sir. I would say that what we have seen is a strong ANDSF ----    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, we are engaged in a dialogue with the Afghans about excess infrastructure that we do not think that they need and they think--we think that they should divest of.    Ms. Abizaid. And we will ----    Mr. Mica.--staff can get that ----    Ms. Abizaid. We will give you a list of ----    Ms. Abizaid. That's correct.    Ms. Abizaid. That's right, sir, yes.    Ms. Abizaid. The training ----    Ms. Abizaid. The training effort that's ongoing is extensive. It is one that happens in the midst of a counterinsurgency fight. But my understanding is that, yes, the training that they're--that is ongoing, some of which we advise but don't do ourselves because Afghans are now doing it for themselves is going generally well.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I would disagree a little bit with it being one of the exceptions, that a success is an exception to the rule. It might be an exception in the world of Mr. Sopko's 44 projects that he reviewed, but we've undertaken thousands and we do have other successes. And we're happy to answer Mr. Sopko's questions about those.    Ms. Abizaid. We have constructed some clinics and some medical facilities over the years, usually through CERP funds, but that is more now the business of USAID and the State Department.    Ms. Abizaid. That's right, sir. Life expectancy and generally quality of life in Afghanistan has improved quite a bit over the last 14 years.    Ms. Abizaid. To U.S. Government and coalition efforts, yes, I would.    Ms. Abizaid. The amount of enabling capacity we've built for the Afghans, the amount of skills that we have developed within the Afghan workforce has been significant in terms of increasing literacy rates, increasing the amount of women that are in the workforce, increasing the amount of girls that go to school, education is much better, Afghan security forces exist in a way that they didn't previously so they can provide for the security of the Afghan people. So in large part, Afghanistan is a much better country than it was when under Taliban rule and when we got there originally.    Ms. Abizaid. I--comparison numbers exist. I don't have them with me, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. Yes, it is.    Ms. Abizaid. We will get it to him in a matter of a month.    Ms. Abizaid. So we have instituted a biometric ID card system for the Ministry of Defense and the Afghan National Army. It'll likely be extended to the Afghan National Police. But this is an ID card much like DOD civilians, DOD military have that have critical biodata about individual soldiers and is what is going to be a key piece of requiring that we pay who has the ID and, you know, increases the accountability of our paying personnel system.    Ms. Abizaid. So it includes a number of things. I mean, I think date of birth, you know, ethnicity. I think that there is a particular--like Social Security number that is associated with each--the details of the biometric ID card I can certainly get to you ----    Ms. Abizaid. It does include a picture, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. I'm not ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--our own government here, I mean, the FAA can't seem to do this so I am just fascinated that you think you can actually execute this. It is not like they can go to a local Kinko's and get a picture taken and then go get a real ID.    Ms. Abizaid. Sir, I think they will be issued as part of the in-processing and the recruitment and training aspect of when--of the intake ----    Ms. Abizaid. That's a system that we're changing, sir. I mean, there was a culture of trusted agents in far provinces where banks were not available, where Afghan soldiers would have to rely on them and often get skimped in terms of their monthly pay ----    Ms. Abizaid. So we are in the process of delivering fixed wing platforms for close air support for the Afghans to have as an organic capability. They are--they have four A-29s, Super Tucanos they're called, and we will eventually build to 20. This has been a critical piece in enabling the Afghans to independently fight the counterinsurgency fight and one where the burden on U.S.--the U.S. assets has been--will be significantly decreased as they increase their capacity for their own close air support missions and aerial fires missions.    Ms. Abizaid. So, sir, my crack staff did get the answers for you. So we will confirm these for the record, but what we could find out in the time allotted, we have 9,800 troops in Afghanistan, 11,542 U.S. contractors. There are more third-country nationals and Afghan contractors that the United States is spending money on.    Ms. Abizaid. This is for the Department of Defense, sir. I don't have ----    Ms. Abizaid. In terms of U.S. citizens or contractors that work for the United States?    Ms. Abizaid. It's a different number, sir.    Ms. Abizaid. I think that's a good rough ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--to keep our mission moving?