    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It was only me, anyway.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, sir. Thank you for being here Mr. Roth, Inspector General Roth, and thank you for your work. You are talking about a culture. Let me just do this again. You know, it is not just TSA administrator that we are talking about in terms of the culture. It is higher up, Secretary Ridge when he was a witness, I brought this up with him, and he agreed it was a major issue.    Secretary Napolitano, when she was the Secretary several times said this is a priority. It is an issue. I brought it up with Secretary Johnson, and last summer I brought it up with you. You agreed that this was a top priority. That is the issue of perimeter security around the airports. I have been saying this for so long and the response has been to cut down the number of vulnerability studies and to tell this committee that things are more secure.    In the mean time, teenagers, intoxicated people, are breaching perimeter security, go right up to the aircraft, which is, I hate to say this publicly, but which is an amazing target. They can put a bomb on there the same way that these teenagers had access and not even risk their own lives the way people would ordinarily have to do it if they are going to breach the gate.    So I wanted to follow up, No. 1, with that question to see what steps have been taken since we last discussed this, and what you expect to implement.    The second issue, part of the problem with perimeter is the jurisdictional issue. You have got some airports that are municipal airports, very small airports, but still networked into the big commercial flights. You have got authorities, all kinds of brands and shapes, all types of resources to deal with it. The continuing problem of what to do with the exit lanes, which TSA maintains is still a priority, it is still important.    It is still an access point, but you want to shift that authority to these airports that aren't even doing the job with perimeter security.    So the two questions I have are: What is the update on perimeter security in terms of implementing what you said was high priority? No. 2, how can we resolve the exit lane issue which I think if it is so important for TSA, it should remain their responsibility and make sure we have the kind of security we need there, because that is a vulnerability standpoint as far as I have seen? If you could, those two questions, Administrator Neffenger, and thank you again for making yourself so available.    Mr. Keating. I don't want to interrupt you, but my time is going away on me. Do you have a time frame in which that study could be taking place? I am a few weeks away from asking this question for 6 years now. Do you have a time frame?    Mr. Keating. The exit lane, briefly if you could.    Mr. Keating. Thank you. I yield back.