    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me try to understand. I want to cut to the chase a little bit on this. I think the whole rationale for lowering from 75 to 70, as I recall, with McCarthy and others who have come in and testified, was it was to improve our health, particularly address asthma.    Is that a fair statement, that that is generally why they lowered it from 75 to 70? I am hearing that from testimony.    But yet, we have--time and time again others have come in here and said there is not relationship between ozone and asthma.    We have--Utah State came out with a report on that. A Los Angeles study came out in 2011 on it. Johns Hopkins just came out a couple years ago, said there was no connection. So I am troubled with the rationale of lowering it from 75 to 70 when there is no connection, especially when we hit rural areas or States with nonattainment zones and the impact of it.    I don't think--and I refer to a lot of Mildred Schmidt--I don't think the lady on the street understands what has just happened when we've lowered this.    So for Mildred Schmidt--in West Virginia I have got the most--these are the absolute latest, just printed today, that our capital this year hit 72. Another city was 74. My city was 72. Another community was 77.    Morgantown, home of the Mountaineers, 74. I am just troubled with where we are going with this. I guess it is fundamentally goes to that--just because Government can change or modify a regulation doesn't mean that it should. It has the power to do that but why are we doing this.    So let me ask the question. If you are in a nonattainment county, what are you supposed to do? It is my understanding we can't get air permits--or excuse me, you won't be able to get a construction permit.    In West Virginia, in these towns I just referred we are the 51st unemployment rate in the Nation. We are the eighth most impacted by regulations in the country and yet we are just now going to put another layer on it that I am not sure is going to improve public health.    Mr. McKinley. But, Dr. Shaw, if I could--you touched on something that has been dear to my heart because I think many people--I was a professional engineer before I came here, one of just two in Congress and we dealt with a lot of indoor air quality--and so the fact that you mentioned the 90 percent I am with you.    That is exactly what it is. We focus a lot on indoor air quality. Are we chasing the wrong rabbit here? Should we really be looking at indoor air quality versus the exterior?    Because if we are spending 90 percent of the time indoors, where should we--so I would like to hear from you in the time remaining. Which should we be addressing? Which rabbit should we be chasing?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much. I yield back my time.