    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Steinbach, earlier you testified that the FBI did not have a process in place to vet and conduct background checks for Syrian refugees. What tools or capabilities would the FBI need to be able to conduct these checks?    Mr. Katko. Is there ways that you could suggest we go about trying to get this information?    Mr. Katko. That obviously raises a grave concern as to being able to do proper background checks of the individuals coming into the country.    Mr. Katko. Okay. All right, now, Mr. Taylor, thank you for your testimony as well. As a Member of the--as the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security I look forward to working with DHS and TSA on a regular basis moving forward to the mutual benefit of everyone.    A couple quick questions from your written submission, and it just--these real points of clarification for me so I can better understand the foreign fighter issue.    One of the things that you mention was that the Secretary Johnson has ordered--or is conducting an immediate short-term review to determine if additional security measures are necessary at both domestic and overseas last-point-of-departures.    What is the status of that review right now and when are we going to be able to get some information out on that?    Mr. Katko. I like that.    Mr. Katko. Okay. So, that is a short-term, and--of course you will report to us at the appropriate time any suggestions----    Mr. Katko . That might be helpful.    Mr. Katko. We appreciate that. You also noted that in the long term, you are exploring the possibility of expanding to pre-clearance operations.    Could you explain this a little bit more in detail why that would be beneficial?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Thank you for that.    Last, with respect to tracking the foreign fighters, there was a reference in your written report to enhancing or enabling of CBP to conduct security vetting of respective VWP travelers to determine if they have low--law enforcement security risk.    When you say enabling CBP, what do you mean by that? Is it something mandatory?    Mr. Katko. All right, so when you are--the term I was kind of hung up, maybe I am being my former prosecutor a little bit too much here, enabling the CBP to conduct security vetting.    I mean, I use the seed word enabling. Does that mean it is optional for them to do that, or is it----    Mr. Katko. It is part of the total mix of things they do when they screen someone?    Mr. Katko. Okay. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Katko. Okay. Thank you very much.