    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank all of the witnesses for their testimony.    Mr. Narang, have you ever run a business before?    Mr. Trott. Okay. So let's set up a hypothetical here. Let's say you're a home builder in Detroit and you buy 5 acres of land, and you're going to build 20 homes in Detroit. You spend $500,000 to buy the land, and you borrow that money from the bank and you're paying interest on it. Do you think your business would be more or less successful if it took the City of Detroit 3 years to issue the building permits or 3 weeks?    Mr. Trott. Well, so if it took 3 years, which it did for many years in Detroit, what--would you be hiring people during that time, or what would you be doing with--a, would you be able to repay that 500,000, or would you be able to stay in business? Would you be hiring people?    Mr. Trott. Well, it's a real common sense question. You borrow 500,000, you buy five acres of land, you're going to build 20 houses, but for some reason it takes the governmental unit 3 years to issue the permits so you can start building and put the roads in and the sewers. How is your business going to do during those 3 years, and how many jobs are you going to create? That's a common sense answer. Wouldn't you think?    Mr. Trott. Okay. So in your statement you said that the tradeoff between--there's no evidence to support the argument that there's a tradeoff between economic growth and strong and effective regulatory standards. So do you believe all of the regulations in the code are strong and effective standards?    Mr. Trott. So you think some of the regulations should be revisited?    Mr. Trott. Could some of them be streamlined?    Mr. Trott. Right.    Mr. Trott. So but you seem hesitant to acknowledge that maybe there's some need in the Federal Government to streamline regulations. I mean, you think most of the regulations are pretty efficient as they relate to business?    Mr. Trott. Do you think the RAPID Act and the SCRUB Act help us try and streamline some of the regulations that are undermining business?    Mr. Trott. So when I--at a very high level, when I speak to a small business owner in my district, and in which I spoke to many during the campaign, and they--he has eight employees, it's a oil change business in Canton, Michigan, and he tells me that Federal regulations are crunching his margins and causing him not to be able to open another store, should I say: Well, there's no evidence that Federal regulations are undermining your business or causing you an inability to create jobs, and just tell him to kind of hunker down and get it done? What should I say to that person?    Mr. Trott. Okay.    Mr. Kovacs, how many jobs, do you think, could be created by the enactment of the RAPID Act?    Mr. Trott. Okay. Thank you, sir.    I yield back my time.