    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In late July, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Conyers, Ranking Member Johnson, and I announced a series of Committee hearings focused on competition in the health care marketplace. Today's hearing is the third in this series and will examine the competitive dynamics within the pharmacy benefit manager or PBM and pharmacy markets. PBMs oversee the administration and management of prescription drug benefits. In that capacity PBMs interact with nearly every step of the prescription drug supply chain. Consequently, they have the ability to extract lower prices for prescription drugs and have had some success in doing so.    However, notwithstanding pressure from PBMs drug prices continue to rise. A recent Wall Street Journal investigation found that increases in drug prices routinely outpaced inflation and often by a significant amount. These increases were found despite reduced demand drug studied and even in the face of new competing drugs.    If true, this represents a troubling trend as Americans face a progressively aging population and an ever growing amount of taxpayer money used to fund the purchase of prescription drugs. Through today's examination of competition within the PBM and pharmacy markets, we should explore whether the proper economic incentives exist for PBMs and pharmacies to place a genuine check on rising drug prices.    Another challenge facing the country and my constituents is affordable and accessible health care in rural communities. Independent pharmacies play a critical role in the delivery of personal prescription drug care, especially in rural areas.    During my tenure in Congress, I've seen many community pharmacies in my district shudder their doors. While we should allow the free market to operate, we should also ensure that there is a level playing field for both large and small pharmacies. Today's discussion will help shed some light on the nature of the competitive playing field in the pharmacy market.    Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, I consistently have expressed concern that the law would compel consolidation across a number of health care industries. My fears appear to be coming true. Both the PBM and the pharmacy markets have experienced consolidation in recent years. Indeed Walgreens and Rite Aid recently announced their intent to merge and CVS's purchase of Target's retail pharmacies is currently under review at the Federal Trade Commission.    This Committee has held hearings on past PBM consolidation, including the merger between Express Scripts and Medco. While this hearing is not intended to review the details of any particular transaction, we should examine how these trends have impacted competition in both the PBM and pharmacy markets. Specifically, it will be helpful to learn what affects these transactions have had on prices paid by Americans for prescription drugs. Most importantly, we should explore whether market courses compel these transactions or the Affordable Care Act and its regulatory progeny are prompting increased consolidation.    We have an excellent panel of witnesses before us today who can provide us with firsthand perspectives on the competitive issues facing the PBMs and pharmacies and I look forward to hearing their testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and I thank all the witnesses for their testimony today.    I want to direct this question to both Ms. Bricker and Ms. Pons. We've all heard about the dramatic spikes in the price of certain prescription drugs, that were previously in the market for a significant period of time at stable prices. In fact, I was speaking about this particular issue just yesterday with pharmacists in my district. On a number of these drugs pharmacies end up taking a loss if they dispense them. I understand that you're not the drug manufacturer. However, you do have a role to play in negotiating the price and reimbursement of these drugs. Can you comment on this current situation?    I'm familiar with one Ritalin generic drug that has gone from about $125 for a 30-day supply to about $600 for a 30-day supply just this year. I'm familiar with a tube of a medical cream that's gone from about $100 for the tube to $2,000 for one small tube. This very much concerns me and I would like to know what your perspective is on how this pricing is taking place and what you as the insurer are doing to try to hold down these prices and hold these companies accountable.    Mr. Goodlatte. Ms. Pons----    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you put pressure on these manufacturers to offer more reasonable prices since you're a large purchaser or you are a large insurer of--and CVS in your case a large purchaser of them as well.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me ask Mr. Arthur if he'd like to respond.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me ask both Ms. Bricker and Ms. Pons, another question as well. Both Express Scripts and CVS operate PBMs as well as pharmacies. Some have raised concerns that PBMs in your position have a conflict of interest due to the fact that your PBMs negotiate contracts with pharmacies that directly compete with pharmacies owned by your corporate parent. What is the risk of your leveraging your role as a PBM to gain a competitive advantage against of pharmacies that are outside your corporate family?    And let me give you an example too as well. Pharmacist yesterday showed me a drug, I can't remember what it was, but the reimbursement rate from the PBM was 300 and some dollars less than the prescription of the prescription drug. Now they cannot because of their contract with the PBM, they can't turn around and tell the purchaser, well, I'm sorry I can't sell you that drug for that price. They can't turn around sell it to you, but you'll have to make up the difference. If they want to sell that prescription drug to that regular customer, they have to eat that 300 and some dollar cost. How is it that the insurance company can justify that, knowing the cost and knowing that you're in a competitive environment, but with a bigger company and therefore able to manage these costs in ways that a small pharmacy can't?    How can that policy be justified of having to say, sorry, this is all we're going to pay you and you can't do anything but eat the rest of that cost. How can a small pharmacy stay in business in that environment?    Mr. Goodlatte. Some of these were generic products, as Mr. Arthur noted. In fact, the Ritalin was a generic product that had quadrupled in price over a very short period of time.    Mr. Goodlatte. They showed me their records for a particular day. On that day they sold--their two stores in their operation, they sold $15,000 worth of drugs and the total across that entire was a net loss of a few hundred dollars. Again, I understand some are going to be high and you can't always get it right--but if the average is a net loss on a daily basis, how do pharmacies stay in business?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is long expired.