    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here this morning.    I want to go back to some of the comments from Chairman Luetkemeyer, and probably Chairman Hensarling brought this up, as well.    But the current status of the Fund is that it doesn't meet the minimum requirement. In fact, it hasn't met the minimum requirement for a very long time. And we have had some of your predecessors come in with some very interesting predictions of when the Fund would be back into the statutory requirement. And since I have been on this committee, that has obviously not happened.    So when we come in and we say in just 2 years or 4 years that you will be able to get to 2 percent, that is not necessarily--it is kind of hard for me to actually believe that.    But one of the issues that comes up that bothers me a little bit is that you are currently not meeting the minimum standard, and now you are proposing to reduce the premium by 50 basis points.    The question I have is, when you decided to do that, did the independent actuary know that prior to making their report in November, or did you decide to do that after that report had been issued?    Mr. Neugebauer. So I am just wondering what the independent actuary would have said if they had known that you were going to reduce your premium by 50 basis points.    Did anybody get back with those folks and say, hey, we are thinking about lowering the premium by 50 basis points, how would this impact our ability to reach the goal within the period that you are projecting?    Mr. Neugebauer. I know, but when you are making decisions, it is good to make decisions with good information. And so my question to you is, did anybody at FHA call the independent actuary and ask them, hey, what if we did this, how would that impact the Fund?    Mr. Neugebauer. It is either, yes, you did, or no, you didn't. I don't know that it is--    Mr. Neugebauer. I know, but--    Mr. Neugebauer. But you rely on that information to make your decisions, right?    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Secretary, you have a book of business that you say is seriously delinquent, 7 percent. I understand that the percent of loans past due at FHA is actually 14 percent.    And if the FHA is going to be, as you say in your testimony, the buffer for the marketplace, the countercyclical safety net--and so you have a 14 percent delinquency, you have a 7 percent serious delinquency, and you just lowered your premium by 40 percent.    I guess what all of us are trying to understand is, if that was any other financial institution in this country, you would be under regulatory supervision. Nobody else gets to operate that way.    And, as many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have said, if FHA is going to be that buffer, it has to be a strong financial institution. And the independent review also said that you needed $85 billion to survive another major housing downturn like the one we experienced in 2008, and you are nowhere near that.    So I guess the question is, why didn't you talk to the people who did that review to see how that might impact them? Because that is a fairly major business decision.    Mr. Neugebauer. I assume my time has expired.