    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for being here, Madam Secretary. You made the comments on the NNMI and on MEP, which were very positive and we are grateful for that. Under the NNMI you in your testimony indicated that the Department of Commerce would be looking at two selections for sites and I was just curious as to how is that choice, how are those choices going to be made? Who will be part of that? And do you know when these choices will be effective?    Mr. Honda. And based upon that process, then, the outcome if the decisions would make more clear the sites or the regions that----    Mr. Honda. Okay. I have always been one to make sure that we fully fund this process so hopefully we move forward on a fully funded----    Mr. Honda. On the USPTO we were fortunate to have the Department of Commerce locate in Silicon Valley. And which city, that was arm wrestling among the cities in the district. But we were very fortunate to have USPTO place the office there. Having said that, since that selection was made sequestration came in. And USPTO is fully funded through fees, which is not part of the tax dollar budget process. However, in spite of the fact that it is fully funded by fees it was affected by sequestration. How will you help us build a firewall around that fund so that if there is another episode of sequestration that we can build a firewall around agencies that are fully funded by fees and not be affected by sequestration?    Mr. Honda. The administration?    Mr. Honda. Well it was OMB that decided, as far as I understand. And since you are part of the administration I would hope that----    Mr. Honda . The term that is nuts is, you know, communicated to the administration. Because it is nuts. I mean it is, first it is fee-based. So those who are wanting their patents processed. And it is an economic engine for more jobs and for the economy. So I would hope that we start that discussion within the administration in the case of sequestration that we have that firewall built in early.    Mr. Honda. I think not only California but Texas is also impacted by patents, so.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And again, welcome, Mr. Administrator. It is great to see you here and it is great to have an administrator that has got a science background and knows what the hell you are talking about. You know, sometimes we have leaders that are more of a bookkeeper than of looking at funding programs based upon its mission and we have gone through that period now. It is good to have you. And I understand that we already had a comment about the 100th year celebration, so I will not say anything about that. But I know that NASA Ames Center Director Pete Worden is retiring and it is going to be a great loss to us, but it is going to be good for the private industry. And I guess that is going to be tough to find someone that is going to replace him and fill his shoes, but I think that we are here to support that kind of a direction that we find someone that will enhance Ames and NASA and keep the A in NASA going.    One of the questions I had was that the Administration's handling of the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy, better known as SOFIA, in the President's 2016 budget notes that NASA plans to hold a senior review for SOFIA in the spring of 2016. And, as you know, SOFIA just became fully operational in February of 2014 and was in Germany for a good portion of last year undergoing a heavy maintenance visit. Now, this senior review is usually after four years of operation and I guess my question is, why is it so early? Because it gives the sense that NASA will be setting up SOFIA to fail when it only had approximately one year rather than the four years fully to, you know, open its wings and, you know, have its contribution better known. Can you address yourself to that?    General Bolden. Congressman, when I approached the folks in our Science Mission Directorate I learned one of our assets with which I am very familiar, the Hubble Space Telescope actually underwent senior review much earlier than it was scheduled to because we wanted to make sure that we had good definition on the out-year programs for it, because that is basically what we are trying to do with SOFIA. We are trying to take a look at its performance to date. Had we flown SOFIA when we were originally scheduled to fly it, we would have been well beyond a normal senior review at this time. But because of issues with the development of SOFIA and getting it to operational condition, then we are somewhat behind in where we would have been. But the senior review is to make a determination of what its future missions should be, how we balance the schedule for its flights, to evaluate whether or not the science community thinks that we can fly fewer flights and get the same amount of data that we wanted before. So it is not a review that I look at as a reason or something trying to justify shutting down SOFIA. SOFIA is funded in our 2015 bill thanks to this committee and we requested funding for it in the 2016 request.    Mr. Honda. So the life and its expectation is to continue, it is just you are doing this review with the understanding that there may be a lot of stuff that has already been--could be done, but usually you would have waited a few more years, but you have some confidence in its performance.    General Bolden. I have confidence in SOFIA's performance to date and I have confidence in--what I do not know, because it is out of my area of expertise, is what does the science community feel the relative value of SOFIA is for other assets that gather the same type of data. SOFIA is somewhat unique, to be quite honest, because it is an in-the-atmosphere observatory that I understand looks in different wavelengths than many other of the assets that we have, whether in space or on the ground. But the science community is always looking at how do they get the most efficient results from the experiments they have. This goes back to, how long do you fly anything?    Mr. Honda. Okay.    General Bolden. But I am not concerned about SOFIA's performance.    Mr. Honda. Okay. I appreciate that. And one of the concerns I have about NASA is that over the years we have lost staffing, civil servants, if you will, and it does not feel like we are setting up a system where we want to attract and retain our employees at NASA. And so I guess the question is, well, what are you doing to protect the NASA workforce and ensure that the NASA Centers have the ability to hire and retain the best and the brightest scientists? Because that is our human, you know, treasure that we have that we have built up over the years. And from looking at continuing programs like STEM and everything else like that, these are the folks that have the deepest experience to be able to talk to youngsters.    General Bolden. Congressman, at the risk of offending the committee, I am going to take a chance.    Mr. Honda. Go ahead.    General Bolden. The reductions in force that you see are not things that we do voluntarily. This Congress believes that all of the nation's problems rest with civil servants. That is the workforce you are talking about. We are not talking about contractors. When the Congress says that the problem is government employees, that is the people sitting behind me, that is what you are talking about. That is the people at Ames and at Armstrong and all over this country. You do not get something for nothing. If you want us to cut the size of government, you are talking about cutting people.    Mr. Honda. Okay.    General Bolden. And I understand what you are saying, but that is a contributor to the problem that we are. When we looked at sequestration, you are talking about people.    Mr. Honda. I agree with you and I think that this is a message that needs to resonate among members of Congress and those who are in positions to make sure that we do not go in that direction, and that we understand clearly that you get what you pay for. And based upon the comments I heard this morning about the value of centers and how it is run and who runs it, that we should take that position when we look at budget and planning in the future and making sure that we do not vilify civil servants, but we embrace them and make sure that we understand their full value. And that cuts across the entire gamut and I am sure that my colleagues on this subcommittee agrees with that point, is that we have to put up the fight to protect the assets that we have right now and especially the human assets.    General Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Honda. Thank you.    Mr. Honda. Would the Chair yield just for a real quick second?    Mr. Honda. Just real quick. I think we have to own the question that you are asking that if we want those kinds of things to happen we have to fund it. We have not funded it. I have been here 15 years, we have been cutting every year research and development, the kinds of program we had at NASA.    Mr. Honda. Thank you. And I share your concern, but I just think that, you know, part of the problem is that we have to fund these kinds of activities because the investment that we make comes back in many ways in terms of the return on the investment. And I think the subcommittee, we may have to be more adamant with the process of the authorization part, you know, I am just saying. On the International----    Mr. Honda. All right. And on that, I love the Europa mission and I think that----    Mr. Honda. And, you know, with that kind of probe that we want to be sending up there, we will have new insights on how our solar system has been formed and the environment on this icy world, and possibly even a probe for the potential for alien life down there. Perhaps not the way we know it, but there may be another form of alien life there. So the secondary payloads offer relatively--is relatively cheap, a low-risk opportunity for dramatically increased scientific capabilities of that mission. The secondary payload on the Europa mission could be used to fly through its geysers and water plumes to directly search for life in the plumes and under the surface.    So what are NASA's plans to use secondary payloads on the Europa Clipper mission to hunt for that alien life?    General Bolden. Congressman, I am going to take it for the record to get you a formal response. However, what really excites me is the mission to Europa has excited people all over the scientific community, because the geysers of which you speak, if I am correct, I think were first sighted by Hubble. But they are not repeated, so they are not consistent. So we are not sure that, we can--if you are going to send a secondary payload in to fly through a geyser, then you need to know when it is going to geyse. That is a word I just made up. .    We do not know how to figure that out just yet, so we are studying. The planetary scientists are really trying to help us understand, is there another instrument that gives us a better idea of their frequency because what you would like to do, and a college student could do this, was take a CubeSat. They call them swarms. So with a mission that you sent to Europa, whether it is the Clipper or anything else, you drop swarms off, and they just go down near the surface. Where you would not send a spacecraft there because the harsh radiation environment, it would not survive, you send these little CubeSats through, and they take all kinds of samples.    Mr. Honda. And so we need to bolster it and to be able to move forward in areas that we want to move forward on. Determine through the Chair, and that is the start of the dialog with industry about how it may transition the International Space Station from a pure government operation to partial commercial ownership in this operation. Can you tell us today about what your plans are? And I understand that Russia's obligation is to 2024, so can you just give us some sort of explanation of what the plans might be?    General Bolden. I will make it very quick. We were disappointed. We went out with a request for information from the industry, academia, everybody, that said we would like to use the International Space Station. I mean, it is only going to be there for a certain amount of time.    Mr. Honda. Yeah.    General Bolden. We would like for you to look at it and tell us how this gives you confidence that you can go off and position modules or other independent entities in low Earth orbit. This is the infrastructure that I talked about. Everybody said for the most part, ``Yeah, nice idea, but we like going for free. We like having NASA do it, and so we're not quite ready yet.'' We continue to pursue that however, because we think that with the discoveries that are being made now through CASIS, (a non-profit entity that we have put in place to help us go out and recruit people to fly on the International Space Station), that industry, academia, international partners will begin to see the value of not flying on the International Space Station, but what being in a micro-gravity environment provides. So we just have to be patient, but it was disappointing the first time we tried to do it.    Mr. Honda. Very quickly, in the line of the Chairman's question, I understand Russia is sort of winding up their activities in Kazakhstan as a launch area, and they are going to move back to Russia. How does that impact our programs, and do we have a plan around that?    General Bolden. It is like everything else, where we purchase a service. The service is getting our crews to orbit, and it makes no difference whether they launch from Siberia or whether they launch from Kazakhstan. It's a trip that the crew has to take, and that will not change. The crew lives and trains in Star City for long periods of time, and they have to get on an airplane and fly down to Kazakhstan three days prior to the launch. But it is the same thing we do in America. The crew trains and lives in Houston, and they get on an airplane three days ahead of time, and they fly down to the Kennedy Space Center.    But can I go back to the--because I don't want to leave anyone mistaken--when we talk about science and technology, the point that you made, it is critical, and we have to find better ways to encourage industry and other entities to want to be in low Earth orbit.    We are going to fly what is called a Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM). It is a Bigelow. It is not inflatable. Mr. Bigelow would get really upset if I say that. It is an expandable module. This is an American entrepreneur who has had dreams of putting stuff in space for probably 30 years, and has the hardware in place if we can just find a way to get it there. So he has two modules that have been on orbit for more than five years now that were flown up on Russian spacecraft with no instrumentation. So we can look at it. We can see that they are still existing. We have no idea what is in it, whether the air is clean or whatever. We are going to take one of his smaller expandable modules and put it on the International Space Station later this year, and the crews are going to be able to go in and put logistics in there, play with it, do whatever. What we are hoping is that there will be other companies like some of these that are sitting on the back row over here--I will put them on the spot--who will say, ``That is a good idea. We want to do that also,'' and either buy a module from Mr. Bigelow or go build their own module and put it in another orbit. It does not have to be in the same orbit as the International Space Station.    Mr. Honda. I think they should buy one from him. I mean, if he has put out 30 years of effort in it, he should get a pay off, you know.    Mr. Honda. Anybody who builds their own, do not come see me. You know?    General Bolden. He has built his own, and it has been a while. But that is what, Mr. Honda, that is what we have to do, and so we are taking the risk. We are saying we will fly you to the International Space Station, and we are going to put you there and then we are going to work with it and see what happens. Our hope is that other companies will see that this is a potential moneymaker, and they will take it and move off somewhere else. So I did not want to go without making a note that we were doing things.    Mr. Honda. Thank you. And in the words of Leonard Nimoy, live long and prosper. And if I may just ask one quick question, I was really----    Mr. Honda. I know, but I could not resist. I just wanted to share that, you know. I was really pleased to see NASA moving forward with the competition-based cargo and commercial crew. And I think that we are really concerned about that as a group. Now that contracts with the Boeing and SpaceX are in place and there is a clear path forward to restoring domestic crew space transportation by 2017, under-funding this program will delay crew flights and lead to continued reliance on Russia for access to the International Space Station. So as a commercial crew provider's focus on low Earth orbit, NASA would be able to shift its focus into deeper exploration of space.    Can you just briefly discuss how the success of this public/private partnership is shaping how NASA would be using future missions to explore the solar system, and how do you envision more cooperation with the private companies to explore resources on the moon and near-Earth asteroids?    General Bolden. Congressman, we have always felt that collaboration with private industry and entrepreneurs was the right way to go. Commercial crew and cargo, commercial cargo particularly, has demonstrated that that was in fact a good plan, a good thing to do. We are now looking at collaboration with industry and academia and entrepreneurial interest in putting things on the surface of the moon. I tell people all the time that we never left the moon. We have always been there. We have orbiting vehicles right now, but in the near future, and near is a relative term, my hope is that we will enable humans to go back to the surface of the moon. NASA does not have to be the organization doing it if we are implementing it and supporting it.    We are going to be operating in cislunar space for ten years at least when we go to the proving ground. With multiple term trips back and forth to cislunar space, I think it is inconceivable to me that we would not partner with some entrepreneurial interest, or some industry, or some other international partner who wants to build a Rover and, lower it to the surface of the moon from the cislunar orbit in which we happen to be. It is inconceivable to me that that will not happen.    Mr. Honda. It could be like expanding internet, you know, going to space and be that kind of thing. So, again, Mr. Chairman, live long and prosper.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And welcome, Dr. Cordova. Thank you for joining us today. I would like to commend you for your efforts to advance America's scientific leadership. And for decades the U.S. has been seen as a beacon for encouraging free thought, which you were just talking about, and supporting fundamental scientific research. Students and innovators from around the world have flocked to the U.S. to study and do research. And the research they perform not only pushes the bounds of our understanding of the universe but also directly fosters U.S. prosperity and global leadership and awards for the social sciences.    Much of this fundamental research, scientific discovery, and promotion of STEM education supporting tech innovation is supported directly by the NSF and the programs your agency supports play a major role in keeping the U.S. on the cutting edge of science and engineering and truly makes the U.S. the innovation capital of the world. And so I look forward to working with my colleagues on this committee to make sure that NSF has adequate resources to continue to support scientific research, from anthropology to zoology, through scientific advances that will push the bounds of human understanding and inspire future generations of innovators and power the present and future U.S. economy.    Having said that, one of my staffers is an astrophysicist from the University of Santa Cruz. So he was very excited about your background.    Mr. Honda. With that----    Mr. Honda . Reclaiming my time, in the area of high performance computing, I commend NSF for its important and historic role in advancing our nation's competitiveness through the support of a vast computing infrastructure and the science and engineering applications it enables because that is critical. The NSF should plan and commit its vision for maintaining and modernizing this world class big data and high performance computing that supports all areas of scientific research and education, including the most demanding and challenging science problems. And in view of the NSF's considerable expertise in high performance computing for open science, what is NSF's plan to maintain and modernize its high performance computing infrastructure, software, and applications?    Mr. Honda. Thank you. In the last Congress we saw an unprecedented expansion of congressional interaction with NSF's scientific grant award process. And the NSF was required to share a large number of documents and correspondence relating to projects that were funded by the Foundation. The intended goal of gaining access to the information seemed to be to demonstrate how some research programs, particular those in the social and behavioral sciences, were not in the ``national interest,'' and that it was wasteful and irresponsible of NSF to fund them. This targeting and the mischaracterization of social and behavioral science through a 15-second inflammatory sound byte rather than being thoughtful discussions and in an informed debate, was very troubling to me. And the funding and publishing of scientific research needs to remain in the hands of scientists and the peer review process and not subject to a lot of the political pressures that we impose. Could you speak, and you mentioned earlier, speak briefly to this point, and perhaps give some examples to highlight the important of funding a wide variety of sciences, including social and behavioral sciences? And how is the funding of social science in America's national interest, since you mentioned briefly about neuroscience also? So I would be very interested in hearing your response to that.    Mr. Honda. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Honda. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Honda. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Honda. And you guys are talking about my district, you know that. (Laughter)    You got to remember that GPS has a part of this, so we have the aeronautics portion of being able to move cars around.    Mr. Honda. Or, you know, just jumping in this thing now. I think Congress probably has a fiduciary responsibility to produce a balanced budget that would reflect the entire values and aspirations of this country first so that the different departments and activities of this government will have resources from which to operate. And I think that since 2009--I may be wrong--but 2009, we have not had a, what you call a real budget, and we have not had a balanced budget for the longest time.    So I think operate on the CR, but we move forward based upon past decisions. There is really a reduction in funding, and if we want to see increased funding and a broadening of our vistas to go beyond the moon and go towards Mars and Europa and places like that, we are going to have to put up or shut up. And I think that, you know, that is where the primary responsibility lies; it is with us.    And I really appreciate the difficult position that all of you folks find yourselves in wanting to do--to reach for the stars without being tethered, and I think that the Chairman and the ranking member also agrees that this is what we--this is a dream that we would like to see because it really turns us on.    And you mentioned different programs and several were touched on teaching and learning programs, and I think that one of the areas that NSF is helpful is creating opportunities through programs like LSAMP and Noyce that encourages STEM majors to become K12 teachers, STEM teachers. Having said that, and from your own background experience, I assume Latina, and also the aspiration of this country when we say that we want to have more underrepresented folks in the area of STEM, what are some of the things that we need to look at as congressional members to allow NSF to have that flexibility to move forward and encourage, recruit, put yourself out in front of populations that are underrepresented in the STEM field?    I don't know if this question is clear, but, you know, I am just trying to meld, again, our understanding of society, which is social sciences, and the need for more representation in the STEM field.    Mr. Honda. Yeah. In the counts of equity, a lot of our STEM programs start from fifth and sixth grade and I think that we ought to look at neighborhoods and populations pre-K to third and fourth grade where we lose a lot of the youngsters that we say that we want to target. And in terms of equity, also, we seem to go towards districts and schools where there are programs already operating in, and with equity in mind, equity and resources, having NSF target their resources, both financial and human resources, towards school districts that are underperforming, but we know that there is potential there if you apply that resources that you have to schools like in impacted neighborhoods.    And I think that is how we can bring NSF and Silicon Valley to Philadelphia and other places that we need to put our efforts in so that we can prove that there are youngsters there that can be successful in the STEM area, but we just haven't put the resources in there. And I think equity is one of those things that may be a principle that NSF may want to look at in terms of the distribution of the resources.    Mr. Honda. Great. Thank you.