    Mr. Schanzer. Sure. Mr. Chairman, in short, the reason for this halt is still unclear. I think on the one hand, we can certainly say that the environment has become a restrictive one for charities that would like to fundraise on American soil. The successes that we have had, certainly since the first few years after 9/11, may have served as a deterrent for those who would want to fundraise for terrorists on American soil.    On the other hand, I find it very hard to believe that there is not one single charity operating here in the United States and actively fundraising for a terrorist organization, whether it would be Hamas, Hezbollah, al-Qaeda, or the Islamic State. So I do wonder whether this is a political decision that has been made by the White House, whether it has been a bureaucratic one made by the Treasury Department as the office of terrorism and financial intelligence has shifted its priorities. So it may be that the FBI is focused on this squarely.    The issue that I would raise, though, is whether the FBI has enough manpower and has enough at its disposal in order to counter this challenge. In other words, we know that the FBI is squarely focused on trying to defend the homeland day in and day out, but they are looking at threats from ISIS or from lone-wolf terrorists or from al-Qaeda, and they may be less inclined to go after some of what they might deem as small fries, smaller charities that are fundraising for organizations that may not pose a direct threat to the homeland.    So I think there are some interesting bureaucratic questions to ask the Federal Government right now, to ask the White House, and it could be the function of this subcommittee to do so.    Mr. Schanzer. Absolutely. The research that we submitted to the House Foreign Affairs Committee 3 weeks ago indicated that there is an unregistered charity operating in the Chicago area, which is also where this other charity, AMP, is operating right now. That this smaller charity, this unregistered charity, has been--that one of its members, one of its leaders, has been a fighter for the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, has a function within the PLO as one of their notaries in the Chicago area. Also, members of this organization have gone to meet with Mahmoud Abbas, the chairman and president of the Palestinian Authority, as well as his prime minister, Rami Hamdallah.    The extent to which the PLO may or may not be funding the BDS movement, we just don't know at this point. But certainly that node that we found in Chicago may offer some indication.    Mr. Schanzer. Just a quick note, Mr. Ranking Member. That I think that there is maybe an interesting angle to look at when we talk about proxies or cutouts involved in ransom.    I look at the case of Bowe Bergdahl as being extremely instructive that the Qataris served as an intermediary on behalf of the Taliban to secure the release of Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for other Guantanamo Bay prisoners. This is something that the Qataris have been doing. This is an interesting country that is, on the one hand, it is an ally of the United States, on the other hand, it is working on behalf of some of our enemies. So it would be instructive to take a look at the case of Qatar in the role of kidnapping and the release of people who have been held hostage.    Mr. Schanzer. Certainly.    Mr. Schanzer. Mr. Ranking Member, we had Assistant Secretary Danny Glaser from the Treasury Department at FDD yesterday and gave a very interesting presentation. He did mention that we have seen a precipitous decline in ISIS finance, which we certainly welcome as good news.    I think some of that has to do with the simple fact that the price of oil has dropped since ISIS' formation. Also, we have seen the bombing of cash depots, which has certainly dealt a blow to the organization.    But I would note that the primary source of funding, from my perspective, for ISIS has been through taxing, plunder, and pillaging. So what this means is that the ability of ISIS to raise funds for itself is inextricably tied to the territory that it controls.    So when one talks about defeating ISIS finance, a lot of the time we hear in the U.S. Government that we can sort-of separate out the battle against the flow of finance from the overall battle of trying to degrade or defeat ISIL, as the administration calls it. I actually see that it is one and the same. That if we are able to deprive them of this territory, then we will be able to deprive them of the ability to tax their own people or to plunder the territory that they have captured. So this is an incredibly important issue to note as we talk about a strategy for ISIL moving forward.    Mr. Schanzer. Mr. Keating, I am happy to answer that from maybe 1 or 2 angles. As you are likely aware, at one point the U.S. Treasury was mining the SWIFT database through a subpoena system. This is now made public, but this is something that was first--it first made news when I was at the Treasury Department that the Treasury was subpoenaing--issuing subpoenas to the SWIFT system, and then they were able to look at the actual data that was being transferred by suspected terrorists. I am unclear as to whether that continues to this day, and it may have something to do with the specific concerns that our European allies have voiced over this.    We have also seen SWIFT at the center of a controversy with regard to Iran. The SWIFT consortium had agreed to block the Iranians from the SWIFT system, making it virtually impossible for 17 different Iranian banks to move money electronically around the world, and this was an incredibly effective method to halt terror finance coming out of Iran. We--pursuant to the deal just signed over the last summer, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, we have now allowed Iran back onto this system. So this is going to make the countering of Iranian terrorism finance that much more difficult.    So my sense here is that we have, I think, growing disagreements over the financial data that can be used by the U.S. Government to counter terrorism finance coming from SWIFT. I don't know how they plan on moving forward with their cooperation with the United States, but my sense is that it is a steady backslide. Perhaps engaging with the SWIFT consortium on a one-to-one basis could be very useful.    Mr. Schanzer. Congressman Hurd, I have actually not seen anything specifically related to that. What we have seen is what we call cyber-enabled economic warfare, which is, I would say, is a growing trend where state sponsors of terrorism are trying to capture that information and perhaps use it for political means.    I don't know if you can call it terrorism, per se, but certainly the capturing of the SF-86 information of U.S. Government officials by what we believe is the Chinese certainly qualifies as cyber-enabled economic warfare, to my mind. The hack of Sony by North Korean hackers, this also, I think, qualifies.    It is a new realm. I think it is more difficult to characterize, but certainly something to watch.