    Ms. Book. Thank you.    Good afternoon, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Our highest priority at TSA is accomplishing the important mission to protect the Nation's transportation systems and to ensure freedom of movement for legitimate travel and commerce. Our new Administrator, Mr. Peter Neffenger, has committed to ensuring that we continue to pursue our vision of an effective, high-performing counterterrorism organization. We are a security organization, and every member of our team must be focused on this core mission.    Most importantly, our new Administrator has committed to leading with values that define our agency--integrity, innovation, and team spirit--and he has asked each of our employees to do so, as well.    Every day, TSA's 57,000 employees serve to ensure the security of our Nation's transportation networks, interacting with the traveling public millions of times each day. We screen passengers and baggage at nearly 450 airports across the United States. We deploy Federal Air Marshals on U.S. Aircraft worldwide to ensure the safe conduct of flights on high-risk routes and to cover special mission needs. We vet 14 million passenger reservations and 13 million transportation workers against the terrorist watchlist every week.    The totality of our efforts facilitate safe, secure air travel for 1.8 million people per day. In doing so, the vast, overwhelming majority of our workforce serves with honor and integrity.    Our success depends upon the dedication and professionalism of our workforce. Public service is a public trust, demanding adherence to the highest ethical and personal standards of conduct. Because TSA employees interact directly with the public and hold sensitive security positions, their conduct is held to the strictest standards. When a TSA employee fails to live up to those standards, he or she violates that trust and undermines the honorable work that others do keeping the traveling public safe.    For all these reasons, we have no tolerance for misconduct or criminal activity in the workplace. When allegations or incidents of misconduct arise, they are investigated by the DHS Office of Inspector General or by TSA's Office of Inspection, an independent office that reports directly to the TSA Administrator and Deputy Administrator.    Office of Inspection reviews allegations and reports them to DHS Office of Inspector General. When OIG elects not to handle the case, Office of Inspection conducts the investigation.    The Office of Inspection also conducts independent oversight inspections of operational programs, procedures, and policies. These inspections assess compliance and afford employees an opportunity to discuss allegations of misconduct in a confidential setting.    To promote consistency, timeliness, and accountability in the disciplinary process, TSA created the Office of Professional Responsibility, or OPR, the office that I lead. OPR adjudicates all allegations of misconduct involving senior-level employees and law enforcement personnel, including the Federal Air Marshals. OPR officials also review all reports of investigation from the OIG regardless of the pay grade or seniority of the employee.    OPR has promoted greater transparency and consistency in the entire TSA disciplinary system by creating a table of offenses and penalties. The table provides ranges of penalties for each type of offense and guides the decisions of officials both at OPR and in the field.    The Office of Professional Responsibility has a trained staff dedicated to adjudicating disciplinary matters involving senior-level employees and law enforcement personnel, including the Federal Air Marshals.    OPR affords employees due process and holds them accountable to TSA's high standard of conduct. Having a dedicated staff of adjudicators who serve as independent proposing and deciding officials has reduced the time between the issuance of the resolution proposal notice and the decision letter.    Through use of the dedicated staff and the table of offenses and penalties, OPR has taken strong actions and has maintained a consistent approach to accountability.    OPR has partnered with the Office of Law Enforcement/Federal Air Marshal Service to educate the workforce in the field regarding disciplinary process and the table of offenses and penalties. The goal of our joint outreach efforts is to motivate positive behavior and to deter or prevent misconduct by providing notice of the possible penalty and consequence.    Additionally, OPR has supported Director Allison's alcohol awareness initiative by amending policy to require Federal Air Marshals to abstain from consuming or being under the influence of alcohol for a minimum of 10 hours before mission report time. For the offense of driving a privately owned vehicle off duty while intoxicated, the table of offenses and penalty requires a 30-day suspension for law enforcement employees.    Because TSA, through my Office of Professional Responsibility, has taken an aggressive approach in drafting solid proposals and decision letters in disciplinary matters, and through the support of the Office of Chief Council, OPR has had strong cases in the event of litigation.    Ethics and integrity are at the core of who we are as a counterterrorism agency. It is up to all of us to always show the highest level of professionalism and perform our work with honor and pride.    As we strive to continue strengthening transportation security and improving the overall travel experience for all Americans, we always bear in mind that the success of our mission depends on the conduct of our people. The freedom to travel is fundamental to our American way of life, and TSA is fully committed to ensuring that the public can do so securely.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I am pleased to address any questions that you may have.    Ms. Book. Yes.    Ms. Book. Thank you, sir.    So the Office of Professional Responsibility was created to handle the law enforcement cases and senior leadership cases. And so it's a centralized office that handles all the cases of misconduct.    We don't do the investigations. We have a separate office that handles the investigations, Office of Inspection. So they conduct the investigations, compile a report of investigation, and give it to our office.    Then my office has proposing and deciding officials that will handle the adjudication of the misconduct.    Ms. Book. Well, we have monthly meetings, we have the Office of Inspection, also OLE/FAMS, and my office, to know that there are ongoing investigations. So I'm aware of the investigation, but I'm not involved in the investigation. So our office isn't involved until the report of investigation is completed and delivered to our office.    Ms. Book. So we can take disciplinary action. We can propose--we can do letters of reprimand, letters of counseling, propose suspensions, implement the suspensions, removal actions.    Ms. Book. Yes, sir.    Ms. Book. Yes. We developed a table of offenses and penalties. And so the table has categories of offenses, and then it has ranges of penalties that are used as a guide for the proposing officials when drafting the proposed removal document.    Ms. Book. Yes, of course.    So when our proposing official completes the draft of the--say it's a proposed removal, then the letter is delivered to the employee with all the materials that are relied upon. Then the employee has 7 days to respond and, during that time, can request an extension if necessary to obtain counsel. And then they make a reply to the deciding official, who is a different individual, who hasn't seen the case until the same time that the employee received it. And so they have an opportunity to make a written reply and an oral reply.    Ms. Book. It can depend. It depends on if extra time is needed for the employee to coordinate with their attorney. We want to give them that time if necessary. So it can depend. It's a range.    Ms. Book. It could, but typically it does not.    Ms. Book. Well, once we receive the report of investigation, our goal is to--and we've been meeting this goal--is to issue the proposal or the letter of closure within 30 days, calendar days, from receipt of the investigation.    And then our deciding official also has a standard, too. That target is to issue the decision letter within 21 days following either the oral or the written reply, the last of those two.    Ms. Book. We do have authority to remove the employee. And I'm not understanding the question for the cost.    Ms. Book. Yes, it takes a lot of work. Yes, it does. I have a dedicated staff to do it, so that's why we're able to do it more quickly. But--so I have a dedicated staff of 30 people.    Ms. Book. I do. Thank you.    Ms. Book. Yes. I can't think of anything else that we would need.    Ms. Book. Sir, I'll take that question.    I can't give you a specific number; I'm not in the Office of Inspections. But the Office of Inspections does have a hotline. It's a confidential number that can be called by the employees, and they can report allegations of misconduct.    Ms. Book. I couldn't speak to that. I'm sorry.    Ms. Book. Thank you. Yes, we have all the tools that we need to deal with the discipline.    Ms. Book. Yes. He is retired.    Ms. Book. No, he did not.    Ms. Book. That case is still under investigation.    Ms. Book. As far as I know, it's still under investigation.