    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Sorry I am late. Just arrived at the airport and had the chance to come down here and get the tail end of the discussion on the school nutrition program. This is an issue that Secretary Vilsack has sat in your seat numerous times, and I have brought it up. I have some concerns with the reauthorization process, with the sodium level requirements, and with the sheer fact that many of my constituents who attend school are not even a part of the school nutrition program any longer because some of the rural school districts in my district in central Illinois have pulled out because what used to be a profitable part of their portfolio is now costing them upwards, as in the case of Monticello, Illinois, upwards of $100,000 a year because kids that can pay are not eating food.    So it was interesting to hear you talk about the placements of salad bars, other tips and procedures; but the sheer fact is we have a lot more plate waste. You have less kids, in my district--you may shake your head, but in my district, I am hearing from superintendents that the plate waste is going up. I am hearing that less kids are eating the school lunch, and that there is a concern as we see new requirements go forth, that we are going to see more school districts, especially in areas like mine, pull out; and I don't want to see that. And can you, and I don't mean to make you repeat yourself, but can you let me know some tips of what we can do to help?    Mr. Davis. Well, I can only address this as somebody who has listened to many superintendents in my district and as a parent who coaches football, and I have heard kids talk about how they are hungry when they leave school and they are coming to practice.    So I guess my request to you is the same request I offer to Secretary Vilsack every time he is here. Come talk to my district. Come talk to the folks who are telling me that this is a problem in their school districts. Secretary Vilsack was in Champaign, Illinois, just I believe last week; and that is an area that is a center point of most of the concerns with my superintendents. I wish we could have had a chance to get him in front of those superintendents, and I would ask that you do that for him at some point, and I would love to work with you to make that happen.    Mr. Davis. I know my time has expired, but your Chicago office and your regional office has participated in a round table with me, but I want somebody from D.C. to come out and hear from my constituents. So with that, thank you, Chairman. My time is expired.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Everybody's talked. Thank you, Under Secretary and Ms. Rowe and Ms. Tagtow. I appreciate it. I recognize it takes a significant amount of time for you to be here. Just a couple of points. I am encouraged greatly about your comments about data mining and the emphasis there. I am familiar with a program that we have at Charleston State University that does a great deal of data mining, and just looking for out of ordinary conduct that doesn't make any sense. So reliance on that will improve the system as well.    A \1/10\ of a percent improvement in the error rate is $75 million, and so it is a meaningful number. You talked about one of your training programs in which you had about $45 million that you used to help training, a \1/10\ of percent improvement in the error rate, so it is a big deal; and I know you have committed to it and I appreciate that.    I want to offer up for the record my thanks to Secretary Vilsack and his efforts at putting all this together the last 2 days. It didn't happen just by accident. The Under Secretaries and Administrators and Chiefs across the system pitched in and made this work. The staff sitting behind you and all the other staff that were here all yesterday and today sitting behind their bosses made that happen. My team is here as well, and I want to make sure they know how much I appreciate them doing all they did. This is a historic 2 days, quite frankly, to have every one of those Department agencies come up here and pitch their wares and make themselves available for criticism or comments or bragging, or whatever it was, our team is better educated today as a result of your efforts over the last few days. We will figure out ways to maybe not necessarily do everybody all in the 2 days, but nevertheless to replicate this kind of process where Members, new and old, have a chance to visit with Administrators and the leadership of these organizations other than Secretary Vilsack.    I suspect he will appreciate sharing the Congressional load of it as well. We are better off as a result of all of the testimony from all of the program areas, and let me just officially thank you so very, very much for making that happen, and everybody behind you who really made it happen and all my team who really, really made it happen, so thank you all very much.    I also thank the membership. I did not anticipate the participation we would have. I know it is a little thin right now, but we have had great participation. Yesterday was a day in which most folks would have been back home working the district or mowing the lawn as Rodney was doing. So it is a good exercise.    Under the rules of the Committee, today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, supplementary written responses from witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This hearing on the Committee of Agriculture is now adjourned. Thank you.