    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Steinle, as the father of two daughters, I cannot begin to comprehend the grief that you have endured over the last 3 weeks. And I would like to join all of my colleagues, many of them, in expressing my deepest condolences to you and to your entire family.    Can I ask you whether in the last 3 weeks President Obama has expressed his condolences to you?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Can I ask you if in the last 3 weeks President Obama has expressed his condolences to you or your family?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I am very sorry to hear that. When there have been other very public deaths in this country, like Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin and Freddie Gray, the President has expressed his condolences to the family. I would have expected him to do that here. He did more than express his condolences in those cases. He had a lot to say about those circumstances I think because they tied into policies that he cared about like gun control and alleged police profiling. And yet when one of his policies with respect to immigration enforcement is at the root of a problem here that we are all discussing today, we do not hear anything from him, and you did not hear anything from him.    About the kindest thing I can say about that is that is incredibly disheartening and troubling to me because I very much believe that the loss that you have experienced is unacceptable if for no other reason that it was entirely preventable had the immigration laws in our country been enforced. And this Administration has, frankly, refused to uphold the law, and its inaction has emboldened cities across the country like San Francisco to ignore and, in some cases, actually obstruct enforcement of our immigration laws. And we all know that the status quo is not working, and since the Administration is not going to apparently do anything about that, Congress has to step in and act.    You know, today the House is expected to vote on a bill that would deny certain Federal funds to sanctuary cities, and I do think that is a good first step. I agree with Ms. Vaughan that that is all it is, that it is just a good first step and that we certainly have to do more, and that we have to have the courage and conviction not just to do more, but to do what is right.    So, Ms. Vaughan, let me ask you a question. In your testimony, you noted that detainers have been used for decades and have been viewed by law enforcement as mandatory rather than just optional. In your opinion, what do you think is at the root of this dramatic departure from prior interpretations?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Ms. Vaughan, and I appreciate you being here. I found your testimony earlier compelling. Sheriff Jones, I found yours compelling as well, and I would like to give you an opportunity because you talked about this same issue about detainers being interpreted as mandatory previously rather than just requests. And I would like to ask you the same question about whether you have an opinion about what has caused this dramatic shift.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. I appreciate you all being here, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.