    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, the discussion draft provides the Department of Energy with some new responsibilities beyond your current mission. For example, we direct the department to study the feasibility of establishing a federal strategic transformer reserve, and arm the Department of Energy with new authority to address certain grid security emergencies, which I think is foremost in everyone's mind as far as grid security. Do you believe the Department of Energy has the expertise and capability to meet these new duties?    Mr. Long. OK. In your testimony, you mention that one of the key energy objectives is enhancing energy reliability. What impact do you think that the proposed Clean Power Plan will have on energy reliability and transmission issues?    Mr. Long. So you don't think the proposed plan will have a big effect?    Mr. Long. With Mr. Griffith from Virginia a while ago, you had a discussion about money to the states and things, and with this Quadrennial Energy Review recommend providing state financial assistance, which I think you all spoke about a few minutes ago, and grants and investment plans for electric reliability and efficiency. Can you discuss a little bit of some of the criteria, regardless of where the money is coming from, because we know there is a shortage of money, but can you discuss some of the criteria the Department of Energy will require for the states to receive this financial assistance?    Mr. Long. Assuming, again, there would be money there.    Mr. Long. Would the criteria be the same from state to state or would it change across the country?    Mr. Long. I understand that but I am just--my question was whether it would be the same from state to state across the country or whether different----    Mr. Long . Different states would----    Mr. Long . Face different criteria.    Mr. Long. OK. I am past my time so if I had any time I would yield back. But thank you again for your testimony. Mr. Chairman----