    Mr. Woodall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I recall when we opened this hearing the chairman and the ranking member both talking about devolution and put you both on the spot talking about devolution.    It strikes me, and I have only had a voting card for 4 years, but when you have a flat rate per gallon gas tax and the number of gallons purchased is going down and it is not indexed for inflation and it has stayed in place for two decades, we kind of have devolution going on today. If you are going to take care of your roads and bridges and we are not footing the bill, somebody is footing the bill.    My question is, I found Mr. Cox's testimony about 75 percent of the traffic going through Wyoming being in transit from one place to another very compelling, and I feel that burden of responsibility as a Federal legislator to focus on those opportunities.    But I worry that accepting those dollars for noncritical freight path projects is reducing the bang for the buck that I am getting. I will give you one example, and Mayor, you may have had this same experience.    We just did a $200 million bond initiative. I only represent two counties. One of them just did a $200 million bond initiative because they wanted the roads widened and the State did not have the money. The Feds were not providing the money. Two hundred million dollars, we are going to do it ourselves. It is going to be 1 year from the date of the vote to groundbreaking. One year in the State of Georgia. We rank number one and number two, respectively, in bringing in projects on time and under budget in Georgia.    So when I delegate those dollars elsewhere and folks start doing things like creating local hiring initiatives, which I understand why that is important though it might not be the best economic outcome; when folks start putting in their own perhaps value-added but also cost-added efforts into a project, I begin to question whether or not I am giving the American taxpayer the best bang for their buck.    How do we get more local governments with skin in that game on the one hand? And number two, what can we do with those Federal dollars? I will stipulate that they are going to be provided, but to get you from receipt of those dollars to groundbreaking in 1 year.    The fact that my friends in Florida seem to not take Federal dollars for new construction and only take Federal dollars for maintenance seems to suggest to me we have run far afield if what our collective goal here is building things and making America more efficient in terms of transit. Mayor?    Mr. Woodall. It will not come as a surprise to you that the National League of Cities has more credibility on that NEPA discussion down at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue than does a Republican congressman from the great State of Georgia. And I would welcome your leadership on that. It drives me crazy in this place that we can agree on what that fundamental principle is, but getting from here to that goal that we all share takes us in that circuitous route.    It was also not lost on me that we have a Delta brotherhood, Salt Lake City and Atlanta, that we share. If there is one thing we want to make sure, I do not care about your streetcar very much, but I want to make sure your airport remains the pride of the region. And be happy to partner with you going forward.    Mr. Woodall. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.