    Mr. Aron. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the committee.    On the morning of July 19, 2012, gunshots and car bombs explosion woke up Kazan, the capital of Tatarstan, Russia's largest autonomous republic and the home of its largest Muslim ethnicity, the Tatars. The shots hit Valiulla Yakupov, Deputy Mufti of Tatarstan, in charge of education in Islamic studies. The bomb went off under the car of the Chief Mufti of Tatarstan, Ildus Fayzov. Fayzov was badly injured. Yakupov was killed.    Appointed only a year before, both men were moderate clerics, determined to oppose what they saw as the encroachment of fundamentalism, Salafism in Tatarstan, and to strengthen the traditional moderate Hanafi madhab, which is one of the five major branches of Sunni Islam. Lest anyone miss the terrorists' point, a cavalcade of cars, under the black-and-white banners of global jihadists, raced through downtown Kazan shortly after the attack.    I think the July 19 attack, in retrospect, could be viewed as a watershed. Two decades after the first Chechen war, the Russian jihad may be reaching a tipping point at which the center of gravity of militant Islamic fundamentalism is shifting from North Caucasus to the more urban and densely populated European Russian heartland, the home of 13 million Muslims, especially Tatars and Bashkirs, Russia's second-largest Muslim group, that are very close to Tatars both ethnically and geographically. If this trend continues, the consequences for the largest Muslim country in Europe, and Russia has an estimated Muslim population of 20 million, could be ominous.    Let me mention five underlying factors, all of which continue to operate today as risk factors that increase the likelihood of terrorist attacks in Russia and heighten Russia's vulnerability to such attack.    Number one, Russia has not been able to evade the pan-European phenomenon. That is the turn to radical Islam of a fraction of seemingly assimilated and integrated European Muslim population, especially its young people.    Two, the exposure after the fall of the Soviet Union of an estimated tens of thousands of Russian Muslims to Salafism and Wahhabism in the course of theological studies in the Middle East. In their return to Tatarstan and Bashkortostan, some of the newly minted imams have increasingly turned away from the traditional, moderate Hanafi madhab and toward Salafism and Wahhabism. According to Russian experts, imams that share Wahhabi views preach at dozens of the over 1,000 mosques in Tatarstan.    Three, Russia is now home to millions of guest workers, Muslims from Central Asia: An estimated 2 million Uzbeks, between 1 and 2 million Tajiks, and around 1 million Kyrgyz. There are an estimated 2\1/2\ million of only registered migrants from Central Asian Moscow alone, making the Russian capital the largest Muslim city in Europe.    Often without work permits, marginalized culturally and ethically, and often subjected to abuse, extortion, and not infrequently to racist violence, many of the men, understandably, turn to their faith and the faith of their grandparents as a means to sustain their dignity. Unfortunately, as reported in the Russian media, at least some fall under the influence of radical clerics and, more importantly and recently, recruiters from ISIS.    According to the reports in the Russian media, most, if not all ISIS fighters from Central Asia have been recruited at the construction sites in Russia, especially Moscow, including an estimated 400 ethnic Uzbeks fighting with ISIS in Syria. All of them were recruited outside of Uzbekistan, including their reported leader, Nusrat Nazarov.    Number four, given the permeability of borders, the recruitment, and the proselytizing effort that has been doubled and tripled by ISIS in Central Asia, especially Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan, given the flow of people, such efforts are likely to result in the increasing radicalization of the elements of the Central Asian diaspora in Russia. If you add to this the fact that, with Russia on the ground now in Syria, adding to other risks of Putin's decision is also the fact that the probability of retaliatory terrorist strikes inside Russia are increasing.    The final point, the Secretary of the Russian Security Council, Nikolai Patrushev, said that, at the moment, Russian authorities do not have the means to stem the flow of volunteers to ISIS. The Russian Foreign Ministry estimates that there are around 2,400 Russian speakers among the jihadists in Syria, while the total Russian nationals and those from the former Soviet Union in the ranks of ISIS could be as high as 5,000. Today, Russian is the third-most popular ISIS language after Arabic and English.    How long will it be before the veterans of ISIS, coming back to Russia, decide to join a fight for a Russian caliphate inside Russia?    Mr. Chairman, let me conclude on this. Like overwhelming majorities of Muslims everywhere, most Russian Muslims and the migrants from Central Asia practice their religion peacefully, abhor violence, and are good citizens and patriots of their countries. Yet, as we have learned only too well in the 14 years since 9/11, the radicalization of even a small minority, not registered by any public opinion polls, can inflict incalculable damage and cost thousands of lives.    If the evidence that I outlined today does not amount to a significant increase in national and international terrorism, I will be the first to acknowledge and celebrate my error. But having largely missed the rise of Chechen terrorism, al-Qaeda, and ISIS, we would be far better off wrong than sorry.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Aron. Well, I am sure Mark looked deep into that. I was concentrating largely on the spread of fundamentalism--militancy--inside Russia from the North Caucasus. But intuitively, you know, gangsters usually find common language--Stalin did with Hitler, for example--so I would not be surprised if that is the case. And in any case, they do come to blows, but first they take care of the pro-Western liberals. And, again, you know, that may not just apply directly to the Free Syrian Army, but, historically, I would think that that is probably quite accurate.    As somebody who has been dealing--you know, studying Putin and his ideology and his goals, I agree that, you know, even regardless of what Putin's plans are with respect to Assad, per se, I think they are secondary. I think the most important thing to Putin in Syria is what I call the implementation of the Putin doctrine, as I articulated a few years back, which is the recovery of geopolitical assets lost by the Soviet Union in the fall of the Soviet state. He wants to establish the presence of Russia in the Middle East as probably the dominant outside player. That is the first thing.    The second thing, let's not forget that, Assad or no Assad, the only thing, as a Russian analyst, top Russian pollster told me a couple years ago, the only thing that is going for this regime--I am talking about the Putin regime--is Putin's personal popularity, if you look at the public opinion polls. How does he get this popularity? He gets this popularity by embodying the thirst and the hunger for reestablishing Russia as a great power. This is what happened with Crimea, this is what happened with Ukraine, and now this is what is happening in Syria. I think this is the key motivational force, the key motivation for Putin to be present in Syria.    And one last thing, again, which has nothing to do with his support for Assad. There is a very serious concern, and both of the speakers touched on this, there is a very serious concern for what--you mentioned Churchill before, let me apply Churchill's definition of the Balkans--for the soft underbelly of Russia, which is the Central Asia. It consists of very unstable regimes, and the ISIS penetration and the Taliban subversion of those states brings ISIS and brings the Taliban to Russia's borders. This is another issue for, I think, motivated Putin.    Mr. Aron. As I said before in answer to Mr. Chairman's question, Putin is there to show that Russia does not abandon its allies.    Mr. Aron. Make your own conclusions.    Mr. Aron. Yeah. And I think Putin--well, and I think Putin--you know, that point does not escape Putin, definitely. Well, you notice that immediately, you know, almost coincidental, Iraq now is cooperating with Russia on intelligence matters, and we are now worried what secrets is our Iraqi, I guess, allies are going to give Russia. It was a headline today.    So Putin is there to show that Russia does not abandon its allies. On a more strategic level, if I may reiterate, it is for Putin to regain a very important geopolitical asset. Russia is back in the Middle East after Sadat threw the Soviet Union out in 1972. Russia is back.    And, finally, it is an extremely important domestic political imperative for him to show that, whatever economic difficulties they have, Russia is a great power again, whether it is in Ukraine, whether it is in the Middle East, and God knows what is going to be next.    So these, to me, I think, is how Putin calculates it. Frankly, you know, so long as the regime that he supports is in power, I think that is Putin's strategic goal. Who he has to bomb along the way is, you know, I think is a secondary matter to him. He leaves it to the people on the ground.    Mr. Aron. No comment on that. You know, I thought that the actual topic, the threat of Islamic extremism in Russia, I think Syria does enter this simply because Syria has become a training ground for the jihadists from Central Asia, North Caucasus. But my point was that I think we may be seeing something much more threatening, and that is the Russian Muslim minorities inside Russia are beginning to go that route. They have very significant presence already in the troops of the jihadists in Syria.    And, frankly, if we thought that the Chechenswere a problem, there are 1 million of them, and there are 6\1/2\ million of Tatars and Bashkirs, and there are another 5 to 6 million inside Russia, including 2\1/2\ million migrants from Central Asia, who are constantly going back and forth, and Central Asia is completely now penetrated by ISIS recruiters and ISIS propaganda.    So talking of danger to the United States, those things are very rarely contained within national borders. So this, to me, is one of the offshoots. Regardless of what Putin does and what we do, I think that train is already in motion.    Mr. Aron. Of course it is. And the fact that the Russian language is now the third most popular and that, you know, I have all kinds of stuff that you cannot fit in 5 minutes, but, you know, there have been reports that there were graffiti in Russian in Syria which read, ``Putin, we will pray in your palace,'' or through ``Tajikistan to Russia,'' which was one of the slogans of several groups. There is the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan. I mean, this is a very vulnerable area.    Mr. Aron. Well, one of the most interesting reactions that I heard from the--or read in the Russian media immediately after, because it was a surprise to everybody, part of the issue with Russia is that Putin literally is his own defense council, which is very difficult. It is a very dangerous situation. Crimea was a surprise to his ministers, to his closest aides, and so was Syria.    So the reaction from the Russian analysts was--one of the reactions--and remember I mentioned to you that there is a domestic political dimension to this, that is that Putin is popular not because of the Russian economy anymore. He used to be popular because they grew 7, 8 percent every year between 2000-2008. He is popular because he embodies this dream of Russia becoming a superpower like the Soviet Union used to be.    Mr. Aron. Well, we all want our countries to be great. The question is how we achieve it. That is a separate issue.    Mr. Aron. But the bottom line is, some of the analysts, some of the most respected Russian analysts, independent Russian analysts, said one of the reasons, not the whole reason, but one of the reasons to go to Syria is that Ukraine no longer generates enough of this patriotic heat that makes not all Russians, but quite a few to forget about the economic hardships, the 15 percent inflation, that the economy is probably going to shrink 5 to 6 percent this year, that there is unemployment, that the pensions are growing smaller and smaller due to inflation, that food products are now 15, 20, 30 percent more than they used to be because of the ban on the imports, and because there is no import substitution anymore. So all of those----    Mr. Aron. The price of oil is down. The ruble lost half of its value. But you see the headlines. We are in Syria now. We are present. They listen to us. They are afraid of us. They respect us. This is all very important.    And this is, you know, answering your question, this could have been one of the motivations. And you said, what is the connection to Ukraine? And I could talk to Ukraine for a long time. It is a very interesting subject. But for whatever reason, Putin now put Ukraine on hold. I don't think it is forever. I think he is going to return to that issue.    But there is something else now. He is like that man on the bicycle. I mean, that thing that, you know, when you put all your eggs in this what I call patriotic mobilization, you have got to give people, you know, fresh meat. You know, you are riding the tiger which is great, but the tiger requires fresh meat and bloody meat every now and then. So Ukraine is on hold, but Syria is in the headlines.    Mr. Aron. Yes, 1 minute is enough. I think, if indeed--and of course I gave you the tip of the iceberg on the evidence--if indeed we are witnessing a tipping point at which fundamentalist militant Islam is migrating from North Caucasus into Russia itself, I think this is a huge threat to Russia and the world.    In addition to that, these types of things usually are enhanced by domestic political crises and pressures. And Russia is in a very precarious state economically, politically, even though Putin would not admit it. There are all kinds of strains. And I think, while we are worried about the failed state in Syria, I think we should also worry about how the terrorism could become an issue for Russia and us.