    Mr. Tribiano. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of this committee, my name is Jeff Tribiano, and I am the deputy commissioner for Operations Support for the IRS. I appreciate this opportunity to testify today.    In my position at the IRS, I oversee internal operations, which includes information technology, human capital, finance, privacy, procurement, planning, facilities, and security. Prior to joining the IRS in June of 2015, I served as the associate administrator and chief operating officer of the Department of Agriculture's Food Nutrition and Consumer Services. And prior to joining the Federal government in 2010, I held a number of key leadership positions with Fortune 500 companies. In addition, for more than 22 years I have served and continue to serve our country as a captain in the United States Navy Reserves, to include three mobilizations and deployments to the Middle East.    My experiences in the public sector, private sector, and military have given me a deep understanding of the importance of public service. I'm especially proud to be part of the leadership team at the IRS and to work for an agency with such an important mission. In my 8 months at the Agency, I have found this team to be an amazing organization filled with dedicated and talented people, and I'm privileged to work alongside of them.    Turning to the subject of today's hearing, the IRS has been working for more than a year to modernize our records retentions practices in regard to emails and other electronic records. We are implementing the National Archives and Records Administration's Capstone approach to managing email, and are working towards full implementation by the end of Calendar Year 2016. At that point, our systems will permanently preserve the email records of all employees in electronic format.    Our ultimate goal is to end the reliance on computer hard drives of individual employees as an archive records store, and instead use network databases to preserve all records that are electronically generated by the workforce. As we make these improvements for the long term, we recognize we need additional interim measures to ensure we are doing everything possible to retain official records until a more comprehensive solution is in place.    This need became apparent when an issue arose in connection with the Service's collection and production of documents related to a Freedom of Information Act case captioned Microsoft v. the IRS. In January of this year, the IRS advised the Court that we had discovered an issue regarding the computer hard drive of Samuel Maruca, a former IRS employee who we identified in a litigation hold effort undertaken in December of 2014 in connection with the case.    Shortly after Mr. Maruca left the Service on August 1st, 2014, his hard drive was designated for erasure so it could be securely reused or scrapped in line with the standard IRS procedures. Because Mr. Maruca's hard drive was designated for erasure before the issuance of the litigation hold, the hold did not prevent the erasure of this hard drive, which occurred in late 2014 or in early 2015.    However, we do believe the erasure of Mr. Maruca's hard drive will have minimal effect on our ability to complete document production in this instance. We know that Mr. Maruca's hard drive was copied on July 16th, 2014 in connection with the document collection being undertaken for a separate litigation. We have, therefore, determined that the data stored on his computer hard drive up to July 16th, 2014 has been preserved. We also have emails copied on Mr. Maruca's network account in July of 2014, and if necessary, we also can access our backup tapes or disaster recovery tapes in order to produce documents.    Even so, we recognize the situation will reflect a shortcoming in our document controls. Therefore, pending further review of the IRS' litigation hold procedures, the Commissioner has ordered a halt to the erasure and recycling of employees' devices, including computer hard drives and mobile devices, for all departing employees. We'll now copy material off the hard drive of every employee who leaves the Agency, and store that information in a digital format in addition to retaining the physical hard drive.    We are also broadening our litigation hold procedures to ensure that hold instructions are provided not only to the pertinent employees, but also to the employee's supervisor. We'll also update our procedures for processing employees who leave the Service to ensure that appropriate personnel are advised of pending litigation holds and document collection efforts involving the records of custody for departing employees.    In closing, I want to assure the committee that the IRS is committed to building on these efforts and to make further improvements, and continue focusing on serving the Nation's taxpayer.    This concludes my statement, and I'll be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Tribiano. Sir, that is not my area. I am with Operations Support, so I ----    Mr. Tribiano. That came from our legal department.    Mr. Tribiano. The internal preservation order came, it was actually a litigation hold order, came after Mr. Maruca left the Agency.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, Mr. Chairman, it was a timing issue. Again, Mr. Maruca left the Agency on August 1st.    Mr. Tribiano. The information from Mr. Maruca's system is backed up with our backup tapes. It is just harder to get into that system, and Mr. Milholland can walk through that. It is the hard drive that is easier to access, and that ----    Mr. Tribiano. It depends on the documents. Mr. Killen can walk you through that.    Mr. Tribiano. At the time that the Department of Justice was notified, we thought that there was information saved. When we went back to take a look at it and to go through the records, we found that we did back it up for another litigation hold up through July 16th of 2014. Mr. Maruca left the Agency on August 1st.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir, it has a direct impact.    Mr. Tribiano. It impacts our audit capability and our revenue collection of capability as well.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, sir, I was not part of the IRS during that time.    Mr. Tribiano. I do not know what my office told Mr. Koskinen.    Mr. Tribiano. I did not say that, sir. I said I was not responsible, and I was not there.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, ma'am, we have 14. And I would just like to note, ma'am, that we do not have that authority anymore. That authority expired.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Norton.--to hire people. That is why you are down to 19.    Mr. Tribiano. 14 in total.    Mr. Tribiano. No, 14 in total for the Agency, ma'am.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, ma'am. We lose one this year, and then the remaining 13 next year.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, ma'am. Streamlined critical pay is very important to us, and if we are able ----    Mr. Tribiano. Not under what we had before, which is streamlined critical pay. What the chairman is referring to, I believe, is, if I understood right, is an OMB, I mean, an OPM process that exists for critical IT.    Mr. Tribiano. Streamlined critical pay, no, ma'am. We would recruit directly from the private sector into the top IT positions.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, sir, if I can just add one thing to that. We are not abandoning and going everything to digital or to online. We still have to take care of the taxpayers that still want to file paper returns and go that route. But the customers in this case, the taxpayers, have advocated for us, or for the IRS, to operate more as a large multinational type of bank to be able to do things online. As you can imagine, they would rather deal with us online more so than deal with us in person, so we are shifting.    It is a 3- to 5-year process to go to where we want to go, what we call future state. And that is to be able to have interactions with the taxpayers electronically the way they are asking for it.    Mr. Tribiano. As we build out the technology, we are changing and adapting it, and I think Mr. Milholland can walk you through some of the things ----    Mr. Tribiano. The answer to that, ma'am, is yes. We put a non-destruct order in for all hard drives and devices for all employees of the IRS when they depart the IRS, and we immediately back up the hard drive itself electronically so we would have two copies until we get to the long-term solution that Mr. Milholland was talking about.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, I think that is a question for Mr. Killen.    Mr. Tribiano. We transferred an individual into that office.    Mr. Tribiano. That is Mr. Whitlock.    Mr. Tribiano. It could be categorized as that, yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. With the Department of Treasury? I am not aware, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Why it was not sent to the Department of Treasury?    Mr. Tribiano. The Executive Resources Board would have reviewed the record before making the recommendation of the movement of that individual into that position.    Mr. Tribiano. Sir, well, first, let me say I cannot discuss. There is an IG investigation. But our internal review that was done in 2005 found that Mr. Whitlock, there was no intent from that office, and that there was no wrongdoing in that process.    Mr. Tribiano. Just for the record, this position does not report to Mr. Milholland. The position reports to the deputy commissioner for Service and Enforcement.    Mr. Tribiano. No, sir. What I reviewed was our internal review of the process that happened. Again, I cannot discuss the TIGTA investigation, and our internal review showed that there was no wrongdoing by that individual. That individual did not order the destruction that was done by the acting director at that time.    Mr. Tribiano. He was transferred, sir. He has been part of the IRS. He was in there as the deputy director of that office, was transferred to head up another office for us, and then was transferred back in.    Mr. Tribiano. He was a transfer, sir, not a new hire who has been with the IRS ----    Mr. Tribiano. I am not saying that, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. That came into place right after we found out that we had that gap with Mr. Maruca.    Mr. Tribiano. January, sir. I do not know the exact date, but it was in January.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir. When we realized we had the gap when Mr. Maruca before the ----    Mr. Tribiano. I believe what Mr. Milholland was saying is that ----    Mr. Tribiano. The order that Mr. Milholland was referring to, the one that he did that was about backup tapes and disaster recovery tapes. What we are talking about is the cleaning of hard drives for recycling back into the IRS system for computers or for destruction when they go out. And the reason that is in place is because some of those hard drives contain 6103 data, so we cannot leave them around now for a longer period, so we have to secure them. So now with the new order we have to secure those hard drives, put them in a secure location, document them, and put them away because it has information on them.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir. It starts at the division head area, so Mr. Milholland would gather up performance awards, not bonuses, and they would make those recommendations coming forward. I would get them. Either I agree or disagree.    Mr. Tribiano. It results in a performance awards, so, yes, sir, your pay. Not your pay salary pay, but your cash.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir, but it is not on a continuous basis. It is a one-time performance award.    Mr. Tribiano. I have to ask Mr. Milholland if he put them forward in that fashion.    Mr. Tribiano. Not to my knowledge, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. That was during the time period where we initially started the Capstone Project, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Sir, I was not there. I would have to go back and look at ----    Mr. Tribiano. A new policy was issued in 2016.    Mr. Tribiano. We will not destroy any hard drives or mobile devices for any departing IRS employees, and we will copy the hard drives digitally to a server.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, sir, I mean, we have a records retention policy ----    Mr. Tribiano. Well, sir, you said that I misled you, and if that is the case, that was not the intent, so I just want to clarify that. We did find those records, and we found it because of another litigation hold. I thought I made that clear in my opening statement. It was not because there was some other thing. It was pure coincidental that we had another litigation, and we ----    Mr. Tribiano. At that time that, that was true, yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, in hindsight it is not, but at the time that we went to them and said we might have an issue, it was true. When it was found that we did copy it for another litigation hold, we corrected it. We found that there was another litigation hold.    Mr. Tribiano. Well, we do not know the date, and I think that is what the problem is. We know we sent it or consolidated it on August 5th. We picked it up from the manager. We consolidated it with other hard drives and other laptops, and we sent it to our Memphis facility. It arrived in ----    Mr. Tribiano. Go ahead.    Mr. Tribiano. No, sir. It was sent down to the Memphis facility, and it was stored down there with other laptops and other computers that were marked for disposal.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Yes, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. Because the data was backed up, and it was sent to the digital. What happens is when the attorneys request the information, it goes into their--I might be calling it the wrong thing--their e-Discovery system where they can access the data and do whatever they need to do for discovery purposes.    Mr. Tribiano. No, sir. It preserves the records for use in the litigation.    Mr. Tribiano. The records are what was on the hard drive and backed up at that point in time.    Mr. Tribiano. Because at that time that we notified the Department of Justice, we did not know that we had the backup of that hard drive for that other litigation. So we told the Department of Justice that we did not have the hard drive.    Mr. Tribiano. That is correct. What we know is that on 10/27, it was received in Memphis, and between that period and the period of April 16th, I believe, when the shell of the computer was delivered to the third party vendor, it was during that time period.    Mr. Tribiano. I do not think it would be that difficult, sir.    Mr. Tribiano. I can turn that over to the Mr. Milholland who runs the IT shop and runs those procedures, and ask what that would mean from a staffing perspective and from a documentation perspective. But I think what Mr. Milholland alluded to was that it is an asset, and it is kept into the assets, and it is kept into the system up to the point where it is marked for disposal. And at that point it stops.    Mr. Tribiano. I do not, sir. It is on our system.