    Chairman Royce. Committee will come to order.    Some of the world's most dangerous flash points are in Asia, as are some of our closest allies and these are critical relationships to foster. Deputy Secretary of State Blinken is just back from the region. We welcome him to the committee. America is a Pacific power, and we must act like one.    This committee has played a leading role in shaping U.S. policy toward Asia. We took the lead imposing tough sanctions on North Korea, on highlighting human rights in Southeast Asia, and in strengthening our alliances with democracies in the region.    Since North Korea's January nuclear test--its fourth--Kim Jung Un's belligerence has only increased. This rogue regime poses a direct threat to the United States. Last weekend the regime launched a missile from a submarine; reports suggest another nuclear test could be on the horizon. The good news is that earlier this year the President signed into law sanctions legislation this committee pushed to aggressively target North Korea's cash. This strong, bipartisan measure, authored by myself and Mr. Engel, helped the administration get a sweeping U.N. Security Council sanctions resolution through.    So the administration has the tools it needs to tackle the North Korean threat and keep Americans safe. But will it use them? A recent U.N. report found several countries still pushing cash to Kim Jung Un's regime through prohibited arms deals. They must be pressed to stop, forced to stop, and frankly, through this legislation we can force them. The administration must designate more companies, more banks, and more individuals. North Korea is a human rights house of horrors. So how is it that not one North Korean official has been sanctioned specifically for human rights abuses?    Looking south, the Beijing Government continues its aggressive push into the South China Sea with land reclamation and militarization of contested islands. Our allies are increasingly alarmed. And while these disputes must be resolved peacefully, that will be best done with a policy of strength, resolve, and clarity--rejecting Beijing's apparent moves toward de facto control over international shipping lanes.    In Southeast Asia, Vietnam's poor human rights record continues. Bloggers and journalists are harassed and jailed. When myself or other members of this committee--Chris Smith--when we have traveled to Vietnam we have visited with political prisoners. We have visited with dissidents. When the President travels to Vietnam next month, President Obama could send a clear and unequivocal message to the Communist government and firmly stand by that country's brave dissidents, unlike he did in Cuba. I would also urge the President to stress the importance of restoring the Bien Hoa Military Cemetery, the resting place of many South Vietnamese soldiers who fought to preserve their freedom, a cause especially important to the Vietnamese-American community.    And while there is hope for the new government in Burma, and we have been pushing for many years on this committee for democratization in Burma, it is making progress and it must now perform for all Burmese, including the Rohingya population. I hope to hear that we are making the protection of this persecuted minority one of our priorities.    Finally, no discussion of Asia is complete without mentioning its dynamic economies. We must continue efforts to open new markets for our businesses and build the capacity of tomorrow's trade partners. Trade can play a key role in strengthening U.S. alliances.    The United States has played a critical role in Asia. Our power and presence helped shape the economic miracles. When we think about what happened in Japan and in South Korea and in Taiwan, all vibrant democracies today, but that proud legacy has to be protected through constant vigilance and engagement.    Mr. Engel will be here momentarily. We'll move to introduce Mr. Blinken, we'll have your testimony and then we will hear from the ranking member when he arrives.    Thank you, Tony.    Chairman Royce. Secretary Blinken, could you--could you pull the microphone just a little closer. Some of the members were having trouble hearing you.    Chairman Royce. Yes.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Tony.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Blinken.    I think without objection the witness' full prepared statement will be made part of the record and members are going to have 5 calendar days to submit statements and questions and extraneous materials for the record.    I think what we'll do is proceed with some of the questions from the committee and then when the ranking member arrives he'll make his statement and ask the Deputy Secretary of State the questions that he has as well.    If we could start, Mr. Blinken, with the North Korea sanctions and the administration of those sanctions, an issue I brought up in the opening statement. This is a strong North Korean sanctions bill that we passed and this bill did help get that U.S. resolution in place. But you're just back from the region.    What has been the reaction to this new law? How has the pressure been turned up? I raised the fact that no one has been sanctioned yet on human rights. I think it is high time that happened. And I know there's a new U.N. report that points out that several countries are still purchasing North Korean weapons. If you would speak to that issue. European luxury goods are still making their way to Kim Jung Un and are we yet to hit any Chinese banks facilitating transactions as we did in the past with Banco Delta Asia which was, frankly, very effective at the time, if you'll recall. It cut off the hard currency, stopped the production of the missile program at the time because they didn't have the hard currency to proceed.    Chairman Royce. And I have been part of the dialogue--our committee has on each of these fronts and all have been helpful but there is one final step that needs to be taken. Banks are concerned about the reputational risk of what will happen if they have to make a choice between doing business with North Korea or doing business with the United States, and we've seen in the past for those dozen banks that were affected back during the sanctions regime put in place when North Korea was caught counterfeiting our $100 bills.    Just how concerned they are about reputational risk, even when--even when those sanctions were reported listed by State at the time Banco Delta Asia still wanted to know yes, but has the U.S. Treasury Department really signed off on this because otherwise we are not going to move the hard currency into North Korea.    Without that hard currency, they find it very difficult to move forward with their nuclear program and their missile programs. So it is essential that decision be made and we are going to continue to dialogue on that. But that is a decision you need to make and I am sure you raised that in Beijing.    Chairman Royce. The last two--again, I'd raise that issue about the Rohingya people. We'll need to be working with that new government, frankly, in Burma to shape attitudes toward the Rohingya and you're going to have to continue to lean in on that.    On the Vietnam human rights issue, I've just got to share with you--we've got the case of a human rights--Nguyen Van Dai, who was arrested in December for his advocacy of human rights and advocacy of democracy. According to his wife, he was severely beaten by the police. He's been in solitary confinement since his arrest. He was denied access to his lawyers and to his family. Will the President push for his release? I think this is very, very necessary.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Deputy Secretary Tony Blinken. I appreciate it. We'll now go to our ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel from New York, who has an opening statement first to make and then he'll have question.    Mr. Engel.    Chairman Royce. We go to Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, our chairman emeritus.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ileana.    We go now to Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce. To the point that Mr. Sherman is raising, without objection I am going to put in the record a U.N. document that is drawn from some of our Treasury documents that show two suspected primary arms dealers from North Korea who visited the Islamic Republic of Iran and that information, because it goes to the point that was being made by the gentleman of California.    Thank you, Mr. Blinken.    We may be--we may have follow-up questions from the members on this specific issue.    We now go to Mr. Chris Smith of New Jersey.    Chairman Royce. For that to happen the administration needs to change its position on our legislation--myself and Mr. Engel's overhaul of the Broadcasting Board of Governors with the same mission--that Radio Free Europe, Radio Liberty used to have during that period of time. We need to get back to broadcasting that information in to these countries where a totalitarian system prevents people from having free access, either on the Internet or radio or television, to the truth.    We go now to Mr. Gregory Meeks of New York.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher from California.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Daniel Donovan from New York.    Chairman Royce. Thank you very much, Mr. Donovan.    We are at adjournment here. I do want to express our appreciation with the Deputy Secretary's time this morning and thanks for meeting with us after your recent trip back from Asia.    As we've discussed, the United States as a Pacific power has tremendous interests in Asia. We have allies in Asia. So we look forward to working with you on issues like the North Korean sanctions that I suggested. We need full implementation on that and on the transition in Burma, on the new government in Taiwan--in Taipei. So many issues for us to continue to collaborate on and, Deputy Secretary, thank you again.    Chairman Royce. We stand adjourned.