    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am honored that we have with us today a local artist and Harley rider who has joined us this morning. He also happens to be a justice of the Supreme Court, Justice John Weimer, who is a graduate of Nicholls State University and Louisiana State University Law School, the father of three great daughters; and, of course, his wife Penny. We are very much honored to have Justice Weimer here.    Justice, thank you very much for your efforts to raise the court for us today.    Justice Weimer. Thank you, Congressman.    Bonjour, and bienvenue. That is Cajun French for ``good day'' and ``welcome.''    My name is John Weimer. I serve on the court here, and on behalf of the Chief Justice and my fellow associate justices, we welcome you.    Over 200 years ago, one of the Founding Fathers of our Nation recognized the economic and strategic significance of Louisiana to the destiny of our Nation. Thomas Jefferson signed the Louisiana Purchase just over 200 years ago.    One who had become president recognized the economic and strategic significance of Louisiana to the destiny of our Nation. Andrew Jackson risked his life on the plains of Chalmette at the Battle of New Orleans.    What Jefferson and Jackson recognized over 200 years ago has been realized. Louisiana fuels this Nation's economy with oil and gas. Louisiana feeds this Nation with seafood, the crabs, shrimp, oysters, fish, crawfish, and I understand an occasional alligator harvested here in Louisiana.    Now, in the spirit of full disclosure, Congressman Graves and I have a relationship. Our nephew, David Clavell, serves on his staff, and in south Louisiana, that is considered a relationship. David was involved in ensuring that we were here today, and I commend him for his efforts in that respect.    We are very pleased to have you in this historic venue, in this historic city, in our state of Louisiana. Again, bienvenue and merci beaucoup.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Justice. I appreciate that, appreciate being in this historic building, and for your kindness in letting us in here.    Before you go, how do you say ``you all'' in French?    Justice Weimer. ``Y'all.''    The Chairman. OK, fine.    The Chairman. You did that very well. Thank you so much.    The committee is meeting today to hear testimony on the impact of Federal policies on energy production and economic growth in the Gulf, and under Committee Rule 4(f), all opening statements in the hearing will be limited to the Chairman, the Ranking Member, the Minority Member, and the Vice Chair and designees. Therefore, I am going to ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements be made part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today. Hearing no objection, that is so ordered.    I am also asking unanimous consent that the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Rice, and the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Smith, be allowed to sit with this committee and participate in today's hearing.    And last, should their schedules permit, I ask unanimous consent that former House Members Vitter and Cassidy, who have now moved over to the dark side, be allowed to sit with the committee and participate as well. Hearing no objections, once again, so ordered, and we appreciate all of you for being here with us, with our committee.    I now recognize myself for a quick opening statement.    The Chairman. I would like to first begin by thanking the state of Louisiana for hosting us in this Supreme Court building.    Today's hearing will focus on the current state of the Gulf offshore energy production.    Energy production in the Gulf of Mexico is the energy lifeline for our entire Nation, providing 17 percent of our domestic crude and 5 percent of our natural gas. Those percentages, though, are insignificant. The amount that is being produced is important. The bottom line is we could be doing better, we should be doing better, and this Nation must have us do better.    While production in the Gulf has remained relatively stagnant, skyrocketing oil and natural gas production on state and private lands has propelled the United States to surpass Saudi Arabia and Russia to become a global leader in energy production. This newfound role for our country could not be achieved, though, without the Gulf. Yet, we cannot take this position for granted. If we indeed are going to be a permanent leader in the area of energy production, so that we can be an asset to our allies and we can actually not be bullied by OPEC, we need to produce more on Federal lands and offshore. Both of those are the purview of this committee, and that is why I am happy to be here for this hearing.    Each Gulf state manages some acreage off the coast, but the vast majority of the acreage in the Gulf of Mexico is managed by the Federal Government, which has massive amounts of energy resources. So, the question is: Is it being managed well? And that is precisely the question we are here today to explore.    Are there examples of how the Interior Department has been dead wrong in their so-called ``management'' of Federal lands and offshore? For example, the Obama administration's 2010 moratorium, which shut down all drilling in the Gulf for months after the Macondo incident. Thankfully that mistake was eventually overturned by the court, but not without having some severe economic consequences.    Agency regulations such as the proposed Well Control Rule threaten another virtual shutdown. Some provisions of this rule would actually undermine safety, rather than enhance it. If we indeed have rules that are prospective, prescriptive, and preclude the ability of having new innovations to promote safety, we are not actually helping the situation at all.    Interestingly, after announcing this hearing, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement scheduled meetings in Washington for today to discuss these onerous provisions. That is quite a coincidence.    It is important to note that all Gulf offshore operators, even the agencies, have undergone significant regulatory reforms to ensure operations are safer than ever before. Earlier this year, our committee explored that specific issue. The conclusion was clear: overly prescriptive regulations such as the Well Control Rule wouldn't just harm the Gulf economically, it would impact our Nation as a whole. A performance-based approach will allow for increased safety, regulatory certainty, and will allow agencies to keep pace with the technology curve. Our hearing, I hope, will support that premise today.    Other Federal measures, such as the crude export ban, limit new market opportunities and U.S. production potential. EIA reported recently that they found that lifting the crude export ban would result in higher wellhead prices for domestic producers, who would respond with additional production, while potentially lowering gas prices for American families.    The same is true for LNG exports. We should encourage the production of affordable energy, not continue policies that force companies to shut down those resources because they are not economic to bring to market. It is important for our economy that we encourage affordable energy, and it is important for people and their lives that we have affordable energy.    What we have seen recently is two offshore lease sales that yielded the lowest number of bids in over 20 years, natural gas production is falling, offshore crude production only now is showing signs of recovery since the moratorium, and the Interior Department continues to require nonsensical regulations. This is not the path that will keep our Nation on a path forward through a position of energy strength.    There are thousands of employees who work off these coasts, and they deserve better. Day in and day out, the Gulf Coast residents go to work to support this critical energy infrastructure. They are vested in keeping these operations safe and to protect the beaches and the Atlantic waterways that they visit with their families. This industry is their livelihood. That is significant.    I look forward to hearing from witnesses on the significant impact of the Federal Government's regulations and recognize the importance of the Gulf's energy to the economic lifeline of our Nation.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Herbst, thank you for being here. I have a couple of questions for you. But first of all, I want to talk briefly about the macro perspective.    We have seen energy prices at record lows right now relative to previous performance, and obviously the cost of producing energy in the offshore is a substantial investment and one, as you noted, that is often determined in excess of a decade in advance of actual production.    When you combine what is going on right now--OPEC nations, led by Saudi Arabia, are continuing to flood the market. When you look at some of the other actions of this Administration, with regard to the Iran agreement, that is going to allow for hundreds of millions of barrels of additional oil to be put on the market.    I want to make note, Mr. Chairman, that I don't remember seeing a greenhouse gas evaluation by this Administration in regard to the Iran agreement, as was done with the Keystone Pipeline.    The point here is you are seeing extraordinary price pressures. We are seeing right now folks getting pink slips all over the Gulf of Mexico, and Senator Vitter and Senator Cassidy noted all the associated employment opportunities related to offshore oil and gas production. Importantly, I have heard the statistic over and over again that offshore energy production is the second-largest revenue stream for the U.S. Treasury outside of taxes, a big revenue stream for the U.S. Treasury. And as I recall, we are approaching nearly $200 billion in funds for the U.S. Treasury from offshore energy production, the majority, the far majority of which, you are well aware, is produced offshore the coast of Louisiana.    As Senator Cassidy noted, the implications of this are not limited to just taxpayers, not limited to the U.S. Treasury. The implications of this rule, if it continues to cause a reduction in offshore energy production--and I remind you, in 2009, 30 percent of all the domestic crude produced in the United States was produced in the Gulf of Mexico. Today, it is down to 17 percent. Historically, I believe it was 11 percent of all the domestic gas production was in the Gulf of Mexico. It is down to 5 percent today.    As Senator Cassidy noted, these revenue streams are actually coming back to the state of Louisiana to restore our coast, to help protect our environment, our ecological productivity here. This rule is going to prevent those investments in the environment. As Dr. Mason noted, in addition it will prevent our investment in higher education.    The first question I have for you is this. As I understand it, the offshore industry, on their own, voluntarily worked on over 100 changes, updates, and safety procedures since the Macondo disaster. Can you just rattle off about five of those for me?    Mr. Graves. Could you just rattle off about five of them for me?    Mr. Graves. My point is this, Mr. Herbst. I can pull out a document and rattle off all 100 of them if I wanted to. Here is the point I am trying to make. We have an industry that has hundreds of billions of dollars in investment. As was noted by one of the witnesses, in some cases, the rental rates of these platforms go for $1 million a day. These are the folks that are out there on the ground understanding the implications.    If you have to pull out a list--and again, I can do it too, and read off all 100 of these things--it indicates a lack of intimate understanding or knowledge of what the industry is actually doing. My concern is that the Department of the Interior--and I know you didn't do this, I know that this came from DC, I have known your work for years and appreciate your service--but the frustration or the concern I have is that you have folks sitting in an ivory tower who are sitting and writing these regulations, that have no understanding of what is actually happening on the ground, the implication to our environment here in Louisiana, the implications to our workforce here in Louisiana. I think that disconnect is very, very dangerous, and I urge you to take that back.    Mr. Henderson, I actually want to commend you. You may be surprised to hear that, but I want to commend you, because I actually agree that we need to ensure and we need to work with the Department of the Interior. We need to make sure that we have the safest regulatory environment that we can possibly have. I also think it is really important to point out, though, Mr. Henderson, that the judge in the case of the Macondo spill determined that there was gross negligence, willful misconduct, determined there was a climate of profit-driven decisions, OK?    When you look historically at the trends, you have seen a trend of a decrease in the total number of spills that have occurred in the Gulf of Mexico, and you have seen a decrease in the total volume of oil that has been spilled. I agree with you that OPENS needs to be updated; a lot of changes from Macondo have resulted. But whenever you went out--you noted all the NRC filings that you did--when you went out and monitored these areas to find the spills, how did you get out there?    Mr. Graves. And those boats and planes were solar powered?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Herbst, I want to highlight the chart that was referenced, the one on the right side there. Having spent several months every single day out on the Gulf of Mexico during some of the period covered here, would you agree that there was more vigilance in the Gulf of Mexico during the 2010-2014 period, where you see the spike, than any other period in our Nation's history?    Mr. Graves. In terms of the number of people that were simply out on the Gulf of Mexico in boats looking for oil.    Mr. Graves. My point is this: you had the moratorium, which froze some aspects of energy production; correct?    Mr. Graves. OK, and the permatorium as well. That spike, I am going to guess, also corresponds with when the spigot was turned back on, the moratorium/permatorium was largely lifted. In addition, you had more vigilance out there in the Gulf of Mexico, in that I have never in my life seen so many boats and people out there. I understand there are mandatory reporting requirements, but if people aren't out there to see it, are they going to know that the things have actually spilled? So, I think it is an important distinction to make there.    Number two, I also want to point out, and following up on Congressman Rice's comments, you can look--I believe it is 1973. There were 2,200 separate spills in the United States related to waters, coastal and river waters in the United States--2,200. The cumulative volume of oil that was spilled in those 2,200 spills was like one-tenth of the oil that was spilled in the Deepwater Horizon. This thing was absolutely one-of-a-kind, the only type scenario in its universe. I would remind you of what I said about the Judge's comments--gross negligence, willful misconduct, and all sorts of other one-of-a-kind type scenarios.    Dr. Mason, let me ask you a question. If this Well Control Rule, BOP rule, as anticipated, does cause a reduction, a continued reduction in the Gulf of Mexico's production relative to the remaining public lands in the United States, is that going to cause a decrease in demand or utilization of oil and gas in the United States?    Mr. Graves. So, we are going to end up supplying that, in some cases supplementing it with additional foreign oil. Would that be----    Mr. Graves. One of the producers that is here, could you tell me, do you think that the United States has a more robust, a safer regulatory regime here than, for example, Venezuela, Nigeria, other countries? Or do you think those countries, that are some of the major suppliers to the United States, have a better or safer regulatory regime?    Mr. Graves. OK, thank you.    Mr. Henderson, are you a proponent of the global environment, or just the environment in Louisiana or the United States?    Mr. Graves. All of them. OK, thank you.    Mr. Herbst, let me go back and ask you a question. BSEE took, as I recall, 3 to 4 years to write this rule, and they initially proposed a 2-month comment period, and then a 3-month. I will say it again. The complexity of this--and I sat through briefing after briefing, I sat through the BP trial, trying to get my head around all this stuff--incredibly, incredibly complex activities here, and obviously getting it right is critical.    In some of the meetings I have had with some of the operators, it has been said to me that they are concerned that some of the proposed rule implications could cause less safe--less safe--operating conditions than we currently have today. Do you think that, considering the fact that it took Interior 3 to 4 years to actually write this rule--that it is appropriate to have a rule that has such profound economic consequences, such profound potential impacts on our environment here in Louisiana, as Mr. Smith noted, the most productive commercial fisheries in the continental United States, one of the most productive ecosystems on the continent--Do you think it is appropriate to only give industry 3 months to comment on something that it took the Department 3 to 4 years to write?    Mr. Graves. I believe Interior asked the National Academy to look at the real-time monitoring to provide a report back to Interior, to BSEE, on that aspect of the connectivity, the real-time monitoring. Has that report from the National Academy been received by Interior?    Mr. Graves. I don't believe that it has, and I am just wondering if you could follow up for the record, if you can please explain to the committee why you would ask for a report, not get it back, and yet go ahead and finalize or issue your proposed rule without being informed by the National Academy's feedback on that issue, which could cause cyber threats and other safety issues in the Gulf.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Westerman.    Mr. Graves. Can I just do----    The Chairman. You can do a 2-minute wrap-up, and then let me do a wrap-up.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    I want to thank all of you for being here. I think that all your perspectives are certainly helpful; and I want to be clear, I have spoken to every Member here. I think that everyone wants to get this right, that we want to improve safety. Looking at BP alone, I believe they are going to end up spending in excess of $50 billion.    There is a huge incentive for companies to get this right, a financial incentive, and I think that is important to keep in mind.    Looking at it a little bit more parochially--this is part of our economy, it is part of our culture. Senator Vitter talked about that earlier. It is a big part of what we do here, and I am concerned about the global environment. I think it is important to keep in mind that you don't just change rules here, and all of a sudden everywhere else the same thing happens. We are going to increase our dependence on foreign energy where it is produced less safely. So, we lose the jobs, you get an adverse impact to the environment, and I think that is wrong.    We have to get this right. Showing the disparity that Congressman Smith talked about in the cost estimate, $800 million to $32 billion, there is a huge disparity there in terms of what industry is estimating and what the Federal Government is estimating. I think I even read something saying the Federal Government thought this could save money, which I don't get. We have to reconcile these.    Mr. Herbst, I want to ask you if BSEE would commit to doing public meetings and not just to meet with companies that have submitted comments, to meet with everyone who wants to meet on this. We have to get this right, and I think that is very, very important.    Last, I just want to say that, ultimately, this is critical for the U.S. energy security, as the Chairman noted, so we are not subject to the whims of OPEC to the degree we are today; and I think it is critical for our environmental security. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you all. I want to thank everyone who has been involved in this particular hearing. The city and the state has been very kind and gracious to us in holding a hearing down here. I am happy we were able to be here.    I appreciate the fact that the two Senators from Louisiana were able to be here as part of this hearing.    The current Members who are here, thank you for your attendance and thank you for your thoughtful questions.    I thank the witnesses who came here for your time and effort.    I noticed I was able to meet former Congressman Johns, appreciate you being here as well. I think after this hearing you are grateful that you are no longer here, right?    The Chairman. You made the right choice there.    With all of that, I thank the witnesses for your testimony, both written and oral testimony.    Members of the committee may have additional questions for you. We are going to ask that you would respond to those in writing. Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record is open for 10 business days for those responses to get to you and be returned to us.    If there is no further business, without any objection, I just pounded the gavel and we are now in adjournment.