    Mr. Cole. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is good to see you again, Dr. Roubideaux, and it is always wonderful to have you here, and I am going to make a couple of comments quickly.    I think a lot of the progress that has been made is because we have continuity in your position, and it has meant a lot not to have the turnover, to have consistent, high-quality, ethical leadership, and I wish the Senate would understand the importance of that for the Administration and the program. You have done a wonderful job. I think the fact we have had these increases is a reflection of this Committee's bipartisan confidence in you, quite frankly, and commitment, as my good friend, Ms. McCollum, said to the task at hand.    On the sequestration, just for informational purposes, there was an assurance given by Chairman Ryan that this would not happen again, and I still sit on the Budget Committee. My two friends have been liberated. But we will make a commitment to you that we are going to make sure that Indian health care is held exempt if for some reason we fell into sequestration again, which I know all of us would like to avoid.    A couple of things, I have one specific request and a couple questions. Several years ago, you made for this Committee a chart that literally listed how many dollars Native Americans have on health care, and this is how many dollars Medicare, federal prisoners, and it showed, of course, what we already know. It was a very helpful tool, frankly, in both persuading our Committee, and people beyond our Committee, that we have fallen behind. While we have had four good years, I suspect that chart would still look discouragingly similar, so I ask if you could do something like that for us again. It is an extraordinarily helpful tool to have.    I would like you to focus--give us an update on where we are in the Joint Venture program. Again, this has been a program we have a lot of progress in, and it has been a program we have been able to leverage a lot of money, so if you could, give us a quick update on what you are planning in that particular program going forward.    Mr. Cole. You did not need to point that out.    Mr. Cole. We have had that problem in other facilities. My good friend, Mr. Simpson here, is focused on law enforcement in such cases. For example, we may have constructed facilities but not provided adequate staffing. Thank you for being concerned with that.    And thank you for this program. It is one this Committee needs to realize has brought literally millions of extra dollars into the Indian health care system by tribes stepping up and helping out. Most tribes that have the ability to do so are interested in doing, you know, Indian health care plus. They want to put additional resources, and this has been a great way to do that for a number of them.    Last question, you mentioned in your opening remarks about self-governance. While this is always a tribal choice as to whether they manage their health care, and I respect that, I am very pleased that you are emphasizing this. Honestly, nobody looks after your own people like your own people, and nobody can be held accountable more easily than your own tribal legislature, or your own folks, because they are right there and you have immediate access to them. So can you tell us a little bit about what specifically you are doing to both strengthen tribal capacity in this area, and to encourage more and more tribes to do this? I would like reassurance that it is not an effort to try to offload costs onto them. I know there is a lot of skepticism and concern about that, as there should be in Indian Country, but that is not the intent of this Committee. It is to try and empower, and I am confident that is your intent as well.    Mr. Cole. Well, I am anxious to have them as well. As a rule, I think this Committee is not usually in favor of making things that are dry mandatory. We have had too much of that, as Mr. Chairman said. On the other hand, this is a question of a level playing field. We have done this for every other group in this particular area, and not doing it for Native Americans I think raises some serious equity issues, so thank you for bringing it to our attention. I look forward to working with you on it.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Will my friend yield for just a quick comment, follow-up?    Mr. Cole. On this issue, a number of tribes, my own amongst them, actually run the health care system for very small tribes, and we recognize we have both, and those kind of partnerships are really terrific as well, and again, obviously IHS is part of it, but sometimes there are efforts where literally tribes can cooperate to the benefit of both.    Mr. Cole. Yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, I think for 4 years in a row this Committee has actually exceeded the Administration's request on Indian health but my friend, the Chairman, makes a good point in that he is going to be working from a different baseline than we are. We are, in some ways, the victim of our own success, although that is a nice problem to have. We would like to give you everything you asked for, but if you could not get everything you wanted, what are the absolute most important priorities to continue the progress that you have been able to make in the last few years?    Mr. Cole. I think that would be helpful, and again, if I had my way we would probably be doing more. I think the need is so great, and I think you have been a very good steward of the money that you have been given.    Toward that end, this is again an informational request; things that you can provide us that show outcomes, changes from money spent is really helpful. You know, it is not just a money-in issue. It is okay, what is happening with mortality rates, what is happening--and you have mentioned some of the progress in your testimony. If we could get something that is systematic, it just strengthens those of us that make the argument that this is a good investment; not just an obligation, but something that is really changing people's lives for the better. So whatever tools or data you can give us, and if there is anything you would like to highlight right now, I would be more than happy to give you the time to do that.    Mr. Cole. Please do, because it is okay to brag on yourself.    Mr. Cole. And I want you to be careful on that travel budget. I want to go on another one of the great Yvette Roubideaux-Jody Gillette reunion tours to Sioux Country that we all did, and----    Mr. Cole . By the way, this is very helpful to this Committee when we did do it. But yeah, again, I am very interested in those sorts of things.    Mr. Cole. And I think it would help this Committee.    Last question. I know you have been making a real effort on third-party insurance, because there are a lot of entities that ought to be kicking in to the system both, governmental and private insurance, that in the past have been able to escape their obligations, and more or less dumped this on you. I would love to hear your efforts with respect to trying to increase third-party payments that, again, are due and obligated to Native Americans, and to help us again meet the challenges that you have.    Mr. Cole. I applaud your efforts in that regard, and it is something I hope the Committee looks at going forward, because I do think it is a good investment. The return is obvious, and it goes exactly where we want the dollars to go.    With that, again, thank you very much for the job you have done. I really, really appreciate it. Yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you. I thought Simpson was going to get a third round somehow there. Mr. Cole. It is supposed to be the ex-chairman's prerogative. First, I want to begin by, number one, just thanking you and thank your Department. You guys have been absolutely terrific to work on Native American issues. Frankly, you have been terrific across the board in my view, but particularly in that area. And as you know, this committee on a bipartisan basis has prioritized that, even in very difficult budget times, the last 4 years we actually have done more than the President asked us to do. I am glad you upped the ante this time, particularly in the area of education.    But as our chairman said, that is going to be particularly difficult because your numbers are based on, you know, taxes, and fee increases, and mandatory spending changes that are unlikely to happen in my view, and frankly are beyond our purview as a committee regardless, as much as we would hope that we can find some common ground with the Administration there.    Given that, let us assume we have a flat budget again, which is, I think, the default position that it is really is the BCA. Until we get serious negotiations at a level above, you know, anybody in this room with the congressional leadership to the President level, I do not think that is going to change.    So assuming that, what are your areas of priority, and, you know, where would you like us to put emphasis? We are going to have to make some touch touches again, I suspect.    Mr. Cole. Well, you told me that yesterday. .    Mr. Cole. You said if I asked you this question, I would get an answer I did not like.    Mr. Cole. And I think that is a fair answer, and I do not disagree, and I do not take offense. As a matter of fact, one of the reasons I asked the question was so you could make exactly the point that you made. But sequester is not a choice. It is the law, and it was a law that was not only signed by the President. We refer people to go read Bob Woodward's The Price of Politics. Sequester was suggested by the President as a mechanism. So if we are going to get rid of that mechanism, something I agree with you on, quite frankly, because I think far too much of the spending reductions come out of the discretionary budget. We all know the numbers. I think Chairman Rogers quoted them in an early hearing today, $165 billion less in discretionary spending than we saw in the last year of the Bush Administration. And a lot of my colleagues here sit on Defense, and we know what the consequences are there, and we are extremely concerned.    But, again, this was a mechanism proposed by the President. And so far, the proposal, I will just tell you--we can debate the merits of it--is not going to happen, as envisioned by the President. There needs to be an engagement at some level, and I would say our side needs to be engaged, too. I do not want to put this off entirely on the Administration, but it is going to require presidential leadership to do that or we will be back at BCA levels. I would just state that for the record. It is not where I want to be, but I think that is exactly where we are headed unless we get some engagement.    Maybe we can get a Ryan-Murray type deal again after the deal, but my guess is through the appropriations process we will appropriate at the BCA levels because I do not see a deal coming before then. So, again, I am not going to ask you. It is like asking a parent to choose between their children. I recognize that you put a lot of work and effort into this, and I broadly agree with your priorities to tell you the truth. I will say for the record, if it comes down between celebrations of national parks and Indians, I know which side I am going to be on because people trump celebrations, quite frankly. And healthcare trumps these things. Education trumps these things.    And we have a unique obligation here, a trust responsibility, and a treaty responsibility on the part of the population that has probably been more neglected than any others. And I know there have been plenty of tough stories in American history, but this one is particularly sad. And it is a particular and peculiar Federal responsibility and a focus of this committee.    So I just want to end with that. I have taken more time than I should have. I just want to again thank you. I want you to continue to make the point that you make that we are putting you, and others, in almost impossible situations, as managers of our resources as being in charge of these departments. But I think we are doing that, by the way, to Secretary Carter, and Secretary Burwell, and I can go through the list. They are all having to make choices they should not have to make.    Unless the President is willing to put something on the table that is politically realistic--it does not have to be done publicly--then this will happen. This is where are we going because it is the law. It is not a choice of Congress. It is the law that it has to follow that, again, the President recommended and the President signed.    So I am anxious that we sit down. I think we can sit down at some point and get there, but again, I do think from an Administration standpoint you can simply propose a lot of things that are based on assumptions that, politically speaking, are not going to happen. We cannot operate that way here. I wish we could. I wish we could. I wish we could take your top line and work with you on that. I suspect we would come out pretty close to the same place. But I doubt we are going to get a 302(b) allocation that reflects the number you, and I, would like to see, absent a deal well above our pay grade.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cole. Will the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Cole. He might not indulge me, but he is probably going to indulge you. Just to add one other wrinkle here, and as was mentioned by my friend from Minnesota, there is another body here, the United States Senate. And they are going to have to come up with their budget, frankly something that neither of them on either side of the aisle have been particularly good at in recent years, no matter who was in the majority. They are going to have to reconcile to our budget. So we are probably mid-April minimum before we actually reach a number.    And I hope in that process there is some Administration involvement because this is not going to happen absent some dialogue at some level. We need some sort of format like the Ryan-Murray mechanism that was established last time. It has to be set up, again, by folks in the Administration and in the Congress.    Mr. Cole. What a nice way to put that. Thank you very much, Colonel. (He was a Major)    Thank you very much, Administrator McCarthy, for being here. And I want to make a point that actually is not directly on your budget, but I think it bears repeating because I have heard this from a number of administration officials when they come in to present their budgets in front of the various Subcommittees. I do not think you would find any of us that disagree: we would all love to get rid of sequester. I do not know an appropriator that would not like to do that, but it is the law of the land, and it is a law that the Congress passed, that the President signed. And frankly if you go back and read Bob Woodward's book if I recall, The Price of Politics, the sequester is actually an administration or presidential idea and suggestion in that negotiation; it is not going to be wished away. And with all due respect to the President, the various mechanisms that he is proposing in his budget, to provide additional money, are not going to pass the Congress, and he knew that when he put them in there. I do not know if we will do this again, but in the past, when we have put the President's budget up on the floor, most Democrats have not voted for it. And if most Democrats will not vote for it, neither will Republicans. I think where we are headed is the default position: the Budget Control Act. Any budget that is not based on that, or if there is not a negotiation going on, to me is not likely to reflect reality. I think it is going to put you in a difficult spot as an administrator. I think it puts the public in a difficult spot; it looks more like a political document than a real budget. I think we are playing with a house of cards here that is going to collapse pretty quickly; we are making requests and the money is not there. Absent a change in the law, I think you are going to be basically where you were in the last budget cycle.    Having said that, and I say that again not directed at you, it is just something I am routinely saying to people, maybe we actually get that negotiation into a realistic format. We did a Ryan-Murray deal a couple of years ago, which I think was a very good deal, and two sides can work together. But at some point that has got to start. My guess is it will not start until after we go through the appropriations process. So we will actually be living within the law.    I do want to thank you personally for working with us to get a permanent lab director at Kerr Labs in Oklahoma. Your department was extremely helpful in making that happen and we are very pleased with the Director that you chose and sent down there.    Mr. Cole. Absolutely. The staff there is a terrific staff and it has the most active alumni association of any federal facility I have ever seen because people that retire continue to take a deep, deep interest in the groundwater work, and world class scientific work on water quality takes place. So thank you.    Mr. Cole. To that point, and this might help the rest of the Committee, I made myself familiar with the Title 42 hiring in this process, and what an important tool that was for you in being able to get us the kind of Director that we needed. So is that a tool that you use elsewhere?    Mr. Cole. Well, yeah, I am sure you know that from firsthand experience. Tell me a little bit, we had a flap last year that I think, depending on how many rural fire districts you have in your district, became a considerable concern. And there was a temporary suspension of military surplus vehicles and what was going to rural fire departments. And these are, again, self-supporting entities that really do great work. We have had a great relationship with the military providing vehicles.    I know the EPA had some concerns. Can you tell us where we are at today?    Mr. Cole. Well, you did, so thank you as well. There was some concern that the vehicles were not environmentally safe and so, thanks for backing off that pretty quickly. You mentioned some of the things you are interested in doing with tribes and a number of us up here, Mr. Simpson I know in particular, when he was Chairman of Interior. We have visited reservations and seen some of the infrastructure problems they have in terms of clean water and water distribution systems. So I would like to know what you are planning to do in your budget, and what you think is necessary.    A lot of these are, as you know, very remote locations with very inadequate infrastructure. There has been very little federal investment and obviously, in many cases these are very poor tribes. They don't have funds of their own.    Mr. Cole. Well, appreciate that last question in this regard and then, I will yield back. Could you enlighten me, or enlighten us a little bit, regarding how you plan to prioritize these requests? We know the needs are always going to be greater than the dollars you have. When you are looking at a reservoir on an Indian reservation, or water infrastructure, how do you make those choices?    Mr. Cole. Do you do----    Mr. Cole. Right.    Mr. Cole. That is what I was going to ask.    Mr. Cole. Well, thank you for that and thank you for your efforts in that regard. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. And I can't imagine any one of saying that this is the greatest threat that we face.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much.    Let me start by making you an offer. First of all, I appreciate the budget and I appreciate all the Administration is doing. Thank you for the very generous words for this committee, which, on a bipartisan basis, really has tried to prioritize these things under successive chairmen, no matter who was in the Majority. I think we actually have seen some tangible results from sustained attention, and if we can just keep that, and broaden that focus, hopefully we can do more.    Actually, if I can leave this subcommittee's jurisdiction to my own for a minute, we will later have a hearing on Native American programs that span Health and Human Services. I would very much like to work with you and OMB and whatever sort of unitary thing. I know Ms. McCollum has worked for many years to identify where the different streams of revenue are, and why can we not put them into an overall budget for Indian Country. So at least in the areas where I have jurisdiction, we are going to try to do that, and we want to do it obviously in cooperation with you. So if you can just help us figure out where these things are, we can bring them together.    We are going to have, I think, a difficult appropriations process because, with all due respect, the President submitted a budget, on political assumptions in terms of what is going to pass, in terms of taxes, that are a fantasy. They are not going to happen. I mean, we are more likely to be flat-lined. That does not mean you cannot prioritize within that, and it does not mean later there cannot be a larger deal. That is what I would hope for is another Ryan-Murray-type situation.    Mr. Calvert and I just came from Defense Subcommittee where I can tell you there is a lot of pretty worried people around that table about the consequences of sequester. It is not enough simply to write a budget proposal. You have to have a process to negotiate a settlement because it is not going to be what is envisioned in the President's budget.    But again, the amount of money we are talking about in the jurisdiction I have is a comparatively small amount when you look at how vast it is. So if you would help us identify and figure out how to coordinate that, and as a matter of fact, if you want to come over and testify or Secretary Jewell did or you guys put your heads together, we would love to have that so it is not just a block here from this and a block here from that but we had somebody from the Administration's standpoint that talked about a unitary approach. Is that possible to do?    Mr. Cole. Well, let us have that conversation.    One quick question, if I may. Could you give us an update--I know we have a number of tribes that are working on VAWA that are trying to get themselves where they have the judicial capacity and the law enforcement. How are we doing where the rubber meets the road?    Mr. Cole. Will you share that information with the committee? I am sure you will.    I am sorry, first of all, I missed most of your testimony. I apologize. And like Mr. Simpson, I am going to read it, but it is pretty easy to catch the flavor of your testimony, both your conclusion and in the questions that have been asked.    A couple of questions. When you look at these schools, and obviously you are doing, I suppose, a sort of fiscal--or physical and fiscal look, but are there any governance systems for these schools? I mean, we normally would think of a school board and superintendents and school boards. Tell me how they are governed. Do you see any difference(s) when they are? I know, for instance, our friends, the Choctaws, run their own Jones Academy School. It is an unbelievable school, physically first rate. It is wonderful education and they educate Native American kids from all over, not just Choctaws.    And so my experience has been, I have seen this in healthcare systems, the more the tribe is actually the manager of it--we still have resource questions and taxation questions and all that, but if parents can get their hands around the neck of somebody that is responsible, or their tribal legislators have the authority, responsibility, and know they will be held accountable, that tends to make a real difference in how any institution I see is managed. Self-governance actually is usually very, very good.    Mr. Cole. We really should look at this, particularly in healthcare areas. It just--and I do not say this to knock anybody here and certainly not Indian Health, but where I have seen tribes actively managing--number one, if they have any revenue, they usually shift some of their own revenue into this because it is for their own people, but even beyond that, it just seems to work better, and I would assume the same thing here, so I think this is a governance issue as well.    And I do want to pick up on something that Mr. Simpson suggested and ask you to also look. There is culture in contracting too, and the history of private contractors working for the federal government in Indian Country, throughout the entire history of this country, has been bad. This is not a new problem. This is not something that is this Administration's fault. Frankly, I want to commend them for trying to get their hands on this and put resources in there and do some innovative things, and this committee very much on a bipartisan basis wants to do that too. But suggestions you could make about, you know, not only this or that--what are the contractor problems? What are the availability of contractors?    Many of these places are going to be built in very remote locations. We saw a detention facility that had been badly sided where literally half the building was breaking off. It was an old facility when we were in Hopi country, and this happens time and time again. So what are the best practices contracting-wise that we can put in, and are you looking at that as opposed to just it is bad here or that but how do we actually go about this? How do we choose contractors? Who is responsible?    Mr. Cole. The last thing I would ask you to look at, or maybe you are looking at it, again, this goes back to a point Mr. Simpson made, you know, there has to be a means, a punitive means, whether it is civil fines or criminal activity, where when you have got somebody, somebody really has the authority or responsibility to go after them, and I think sometimes, you know, people with the best intentions may be in Washington, D.C., and not see it. Somebody in local ground may see it and not have the ability to do it. How do you develop that so that they know when they are dealing with, you know, an Indian school in any state. It is like dealing with one of Mr. Simpson's constituent schools that hey, you come in here and mess with our kids, you are going to court, we are going to hold you accountable. If we bankrupt your company, that is what we are going to do. We expect, you know, value for the dollar and we expect these are, you know, kids going here that they are going to--somebody is going to look after them.    Mr. Cole. Thank you, and thank you for doing this.    Yield back, Mr. Chairman.