    Mr. Vargas. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Again, I want to thank you for holding--I think that my microphone is having some feedback problems or issues here. There you go. I apologize for that.    Again, thank you, Madam Chair. I appreciate the opportunity to be here and thank you for holding this oversight hearing today and for giving the Smithsonian a chance to show off some of its treasures earlier this morning, as you were noting. So, again, thank you very much for that.    This is a period of rising expectations for the Smithsonian Institution. A new Secretary will arrive in a few weeks, and the Smithsonian African American museum will open in less than a year from now. And, by the way, it is magnificent. Every time I drive or walk by there I get very excited. It really is looking magnificent.    Also, an historic national campaign in raising a record amount of private funds for the Institution and a museum of American Latino within the Smithsonian has been recommended by a national commission that will be reviewed by our Committee this year.    A proposed national women's history museum is about to be studied by another commission, and the visitors' advanced levels at the Smithsonian museum are on the rise.    The value of the Smithsonian endowment is at a record high, and the cost of admission of the American people is still zero.    I commend Acting Secretary Horvath--again, thank you very much--for your ability to step in quickly and to assure the continuity during the period between Secretary Clough's departure and Dr. Skorton's transition out of Cornell University.    This is a busy season for our constituents who visit the Smithsonian during the warmer months, and we often hear from them how much they enjoyed the experience.    I have to say that I was able to go recently to the National Portrait Gallery and was very excited to see the Athenaeum, Gilbert Stuart's magnificent painting of George Washington, and also to see the Landsdowne. And my understanding is the Landsdowne is about to go in for some needed work.    But it was very exciting to see those two magnificent paintings there, although I believe the Athenaeum is shared with the Boston museum. I think it is half and half. I think that is the deal.    But, again, I welcome you here to this hearing. It is such a joy to have you here. We are very, very proud of your Institution and the work that all of you have done.    Thank you very much, Madam Chair. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Do any other members wish to make an opening comment or statement? Okay.    At this time I would like to introduce our witness. Albert Horvath became the Acting Secretary of the Smithsonian on January the 1st of this year following the retirement of Secretary Wayne Clough. He will serve in this position until the end of this month.    We had an opportunity to have you in our office last week. You said it was a very fast-paced last several months, very eye-opening, and interesting. But, as was mentioned, David Skorton will take over as the 13th Secretary of the Smithsonian on July the 1st.    As Acting Secretary, Mr. Horvath oversees the thousands of staff members and multiple projects that are underway within the Smithsonian Institution.    Before becoming the Acting Secretary, he was the Under Secretary for Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of the Smithsonian, where he managed administrative offices, including facilities and maintenance, human resources, security, and financial operations. We are happy to say that that is the position that he will be returning to as well following his tenure as Acting Secretary.    Before coming to the Smithsonian in 2011, his career spanned more 30 years in the administration at five different universities and the Mellon Bank. So we certainly thank the Acting Secretary for being with us today.    At this time we recognize you for your statement, sir.    Mr. Vargas. Thank you very much, Madam Chair.    Madam Chair, I can't help but get excited when you talked about your family's involvement with the Smithsonian. I would be remiss to say that, in San Diego, we have affiliated museums. We also have the San Diego Air & Space Museum that is affiliated with the Smithsonian.    And it is the same thing there. You get a lot of the pilots. They not only hang around there, but they also teach the kids how to work on planes and how to repair them, create them. And it is really exciting. I have had a chance to go there a few times, and they really do a great deal.    So I would be remiss if I didn't thank the Smithsonian because I think there is four or five institutions, actually, in Balboa Park that are affiliated with the Smithsonian.    When you are talking about, if the citizens can't come to the Smithsonian, the Smithsonian will come to them, I know that you do that with affiliated museums. And we appreciate that certainly in San Diego and, I am sure, throughout the country.    I do want to ask a couple of questions. Does the Smithsonian have a public position on the creation of a potential museum, a American Latino museum? And if Congress were to authorize it, could the Smithsonian absorb the work involved with the project?    Mr. Vargas. Thank you.    Same question. What effect has sequestration had on the Smithsonian's operations over the last few years, if any?    Mr. Vargas. Thank you.    By the way, a little pet peeve of mine. Sequestration. I wasn't here when they voted on it. But it comes from the Latin term ``sequi,'' to set aside.    That is why you sequester a jury. It doesn't mean across-the-board cuts. But, anyway, that is just a little pet peeve of mine. I don't know why they use that term. But, anyway, it is the term they chose.    We are all very excited, all of us, about the opening of the National African American museum next year. Are there any special events planned around it that the public should be aware of?    Mr. Vargas. Okay. I am out of time. My time is up. And, again, thank you, Madam Chair. I appreciate it. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Harper from Mississippi.