    Ms. Wolf. Good morning, Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Members of the Committee. My name is Jody Wolf, and I am the president of the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors. On behalf of the 600 laboratory directors represented by ASCLD and over 15,000 crime laboratory practitioners represented by the Consortium of Forensic Science Organizations, I would like to thank you for the opportunity to discuss the topic of Rapid DNA technology and provide comments on House Resolution 320, the Rapid DNA Act of 2015.    The introduction of Rapid DNA technology has been an exciting one for the forensic science community. Several of our members helped with the initial technology development, and several more are currently participating in pilot programs to evaluate how best to implement this novel technology within the criminal justice system.    Rapid DNA is designed to deliver a DNA profile from samples such as known reference standards within a few hours, and is most commonly associated with the placement in law enforcement booking stations for the analysis of arrestee samples and entry into CODIS. The potential of this technology is promising, and both ASCLD and CFSO support the continued development of this novel application.    As I stated earlier, several of our members are currently participating in pilot programs and validation studies to develop best practices for the widespread deployment of these systems. Overviews of these programs and studies are provided in the written testimony offered to this Committee. As policymakers anticipate the implementation of this technology, it is critical the following issues are considered.    First, rigorous validations performed by crime laboratory scientists and researchers are critical to demonstrating the efficacy of this technology and not marketing materials. Currently, these devices are best suited for use with single-source, high-quantity biological samples such as reference standards of blood or saliva from known individuals, thus limiting its usefulness for complex crime scene samples of more than one person.    These instruments also currently can't analyze trace amounts of DNA. Consequently, these instruments are not designed for the routine testing of evidence types found in rape kits and will not help with the reduction of rape kit backlogs.    Secondly, this technology must be compliant with current industry standards and guidelines as provided by the FBI and the Scientific Working Group on DNA Analysis Methods, thus ensuring its operability with the CODIS database. SWGDAM and the FBI Quality Assurance Standards for Forensic DNA Testing Laboratories have provided best practices and standards for almost 20 years. ASCLD looks to these groups for guidance with Rapid DNA technologies, and we encourage vendors to seek full compliance with these standards or any new standards or guidelines developed by this group.    Third, ASCLD recommends that a careful cost-benefit analysis be performed prior to its widespread implementation. The purchase price for most Rapid DNA devices currently exceed $200,000, and the estimated per sample cost is $250. By comparison, FORESIGHT, a national study of crime laboratory operational costs, led by the West Virginia University, reported the median cost is less than $85 per sample using traditional laboratory methods for the DNA analysis of a database or known reference standard.    Clearly, the current costs of traditional DNA databasing is significantly less than using the Rapid DNA technology. As a result, funding levels for existing grant programs aimed at increasing analytical capacity for crime laboratories and reducing backlogs will need to be increased to allow crime laboratories and their stakeholders the opportunity to best meet the needs of their jurisdictions for DNA analysis.    Finally, and perhaps most importantly for crime laboratories and practitioners, is the technology transfer from the vendors to operational facilities. While the FBIis currently working on supporting the IT infrastructure necessary for its implementation in booking stations, it is important that other measures are also taken to validate this technology in the community.    ASCLD has been at the forefront of these activities and presented three Rapid DNA webinars addressing these topics during the past year, including Rapid DNA presentations during its annual symposiums, and has charged its Forensic Research Committee with developing guidance and best practices for its membership.    ASCLD and CFSO support Rapid DNA legislation, with revision, in order to ensure the existing integrity and security of the National DNA Database system is maintained, to authorize the FBI as the Federal law enforcement agency tasked with oversight of CODIS and establishing forensic DNA Quality Assurance Standards, and include a definition of Rapid DNA analysis and instruments utilizing NDIS-approved analytical platforms, chemistries, and expert interpretation systems.    As we reviewed H.R. 320, we had concerns with some of the definitions, the practical implementation of blind proficiency testing, and the protection of confidential information within the database. ASCLD and CFSO stand ready to aid in moving the legislation forward, once modified, for the universal adoption of this technology.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, we encourage the development of partnerships between law enforcement agencies, crime laboratories, and regulatory agencies for a careful and well thought out approach to the implementation to this promising technology. We believe that a methodical and measured approach to its deployment is vital to the criminal justice system in order to deliver the best forensic science possible.    Again, I thank the Committee for its time today, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Wolf. Thank you, Mr. Goodlatte. That's a very interesting question that you've proposed, and it's one that we deliberate over at great length in the forensic science community. And many of our members participate in the FORESIGHT study I mentioned in my opening remarks where we partner with the West Virginia University to look at those very issues.    Within the Phoenix Police Department laboratory, we are not a databasing laboratory which is responsible for analyzing arrestee or offender samples, and so that's a different question than comparing it to the analysis of forensic samples. And so I'll answer your question in a general nature for the technology that we have available for databasing.    Typically the platform that we use is called an ABI 3500 xL, which has the capability of processing 24 samples in one injection. If you use a direct amplification kit, which allows us to increase the efficiency or allows us to speed up the time line in which we can process those database samples or reference standards, that run of 24 samples takes about 45 minutes. The data has to be taken off the system, and if you're utilizing an expert interpretation software system, then you can create or review those profiles and create an entry into the CODIS database.    So if we look at a comparison between the technology of Rapid DNA to existing functionality of systems that are already NDIS approved, an ABI 3500 has the capability in a full run to run about 90 samples, and then you add on controls and standards. That would take about 7 to 8 hours utilizing direct amplification, review using an expert system software----    Ms. Wolf. Well, comparing 90 samples utilizing Rapid DNA would take almost 27 hours. Processing it using a traditional existing technology would take 7 to 8 hours. So the limitation with the Rapid DNA is that you can only run five samples at a time, whereas on current technology we can run 24 samples at a time. To process 90 samples utilizing Rapid would take 27 hours. Using existing technology would take 7 to 8. Same result.    Ms. Wolf. It depends on your goal. The advantage that Rapid DNA has is that you have that answer while the person is still in the booking station. With traditional databasing, there is a delay because you have to transport the sample from point of collection to a laboratory for analysis.    Ms. Wolf. It's very early on in the testing phase. We have commercial products that are available for evaluation, and many of our members are currently looking at them.    One of our members that probably has the most mature program is from the Arizona Department of Public Safety, and they began working with a program in 2013 and developed two different types of initiatives. One was an officer field testing program and another to test arresting offender samples within their laboratory. They were able to successfully validate the program, and it is operational currently.    The spectrum, however, is wide, and we have other members that are currently in the process of trying to complete a validation study in which they have experienced challenges in the completion of those studies. And some of the issues that they have found with the technology are unacceptable failure rates and precision concerns. But they are working very closely with the vendors to overcome those challenges and expect to be successful in completing the validation studies.    We fully expect that the technology is promising, has full potential, and will continue to improve so that it can be fully operational and provide the best assistance to the criminal justice system as possible.    Ms. Wolf. Certainly. Our membership, as I mentioned during my opening remarks, was not only involved in the development of the technology, but is currently working to evaluate how well it can work in an operational setting.    And so, as I mentioned, one of the most mature programs that our members are working on is out of the Arizona Department of Public Safety's program that they began working on in 2013. They've completed a validation study of the instrumentation and have initiated two different types of programs. One is with a field officer testing program, and another is with processing arresting offender samples within a crime laboratory setting, including that human intervention part of it, before the profiles are uploaded to CODIS.    We have other members that have been working on it since 2014. The California Department of Justice is currently working to complete their validation study of their programs. They have encountered some challenges, but they do anticipate overcoming those challenges. But, again, those challenges go back to unacceptable failure rates of the runs and as well as precision concerns during the allele calls.    Ms. Wolf. You ask a very good question, Ms. Jackson Lee, and it's an interesting answer because not all accredited laboratories, while they may participate in CODIS, process known standards from arrestees and offenders. Those are databasing laboratories. And in particular my laboratory does not.    And so the utilization of Rapid DNA, while it would aid investigative information and help further investigations, it would not increase capacity for my laboratory. My laboratory is solely dedicated to processing casework and forensic samples, crime scene samples. And so while there is value in the technology, it certainly would not increase capacity within my laboratory.    Ms. Wolf. It can certainly provide information that can further investigations very quickly by providing that information while the individual is still in custody. And so it has value. The issue is very complex, and so there are multiple facets that need to be addressed. And really what we are looking for is to be able to increase capacity both during the booking process, as well as on the analytical side in laboratories that are processing casework samples.