    Mr. Johnson. Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly and members of the subcommittee, my name is Doug Johnson. I am Senior Vice President and Chief Advisor, Payments and Cybersecurity Policy at the American Bankers Association.    I really do appreciate the opportunity to be here today and discuss cyber security as well as representing the ABA. I am also the Vice Chairman of the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council and on the board of the Financial Service Information Sharing and Analysis Center.    The Council has been in operation since 2002. The ISAC has been in operation since 1999. We are fairly mature in terms of our approach to these issues. I really do appreciate having the opportunity to provide the perspectives we have developed over the years.    As the 114th Congress engages in public debate on the important issue of cyber security, we share your concerns regarding the evolving nature of the threats. We certainly do support effective cyber security policy. We want to continue to work with Congress toward that.    I will focus on three main points: the evolving nature of cyber threats, the role of technology in addressing those threats and the role of expanded information sharing in protecting against the threats as well I think is very important.    One thing that is evidence is that attacks used to be very singular in focus, be it a denial of service attack against a financial institution, an attack against a merchant's point of sale device or maybe an attempt to destroy or wipe data of an energy company like Saudi ARAMCO.    I think what we see now is sort of blended attacks where these multifaceted attacks create particular challenges for us because essentially they necessitate a simultaneous maintenance of availability integrity and confidentiality of data where formerly a cyber security attack would maybe have the impact on one of those data components.    That creates some resource constraints in some instances when you are trying to respond to those incidents.    We are also seeing is attackers of every variety are becoming increasingly adept at defeating security practices. We have seen the velocity increase with which companies must move so they can ensure they understand how the cyber risks are changing and mitigating measures most effective against those risks. It is an arms race. Indeed, it really is an arms race.    Another increased challenge for institutions and the private sector--Mr. Nutkis alluded to this--is essentially the voluminous nature of the threat data which we have now. It is not as readily consumable as it could be.    Determining the relevance of a particular piece of threat data, analyzing the magnitude of the threat, evaluating which systems might be impacted and devising the appropriate course to take in mitigating against the threat is becoming increasingly difficult to accomplish. I will touch on that when we talk about information sharing.    Last, the victim of the attack is also changing. Prior to 2014, much of the private and public sector energy was focused on critical infrastructure and payments. I think what we have seen based on 2014 is a recognition that there is a broader motivation for attackers in conducting a cyber attack. Essentially any company in any sector could be subject to a significant and highly visible attack.    Technology obviously plays a significant role in protecting our Nation's companies and consumers. My written testimony spends a lot of time discussing that.    I would say two things we really focused on in the testimony was the necessity to get rid of static numbers in the environment. I think one of the things the President's Cyber Security Summit demonstrated was there was a lot of energy around having customers have to essentially remember things in digits and symbols to socially prove they are who they are, ways through biometrics and ways through tokenization and other ways to authenticate transactions.    Individuals are essentially going to be the mechanization by which I think we really can make a much greater impact on the fraud we are seeing today in the payments base and otherwise.    I do think from a technology standpoint, the other promising thing is STIX and TAXI which has also been discussed whereby we are developing a mechanism for even the smallest financial institution and the smallest health company to be able to consume data and spend more time analyzing that data as opposed to having to make a determination as to whether or not the data even has any meaning in their environment.    Those are my oral remarks. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Johnson. I think it is really systems segmentation when you look at it. I think we have seen a number of breaches both within our industry and in the merchant industry and others where segmentation has not occurred and you have been able to get into a separate system because there was an ability to enter into a different system.    An example might be an air conditioning vendor in the case of Target and in the case of a financial institution, I know of a work file going into human resources that ended up compromising an ATM system.    It is very, very important to learn those lessons that you have segmentation between those systems and only authorize access to data and substantial rights protections associated with who has the right to that data, to view that data and change that data.    I think we spend a lot of time in our industry thinking through that and our regulatory agencies do as well. One of the major findings that the regulatory agencies came up with based upon their 500 audits they did last year of community banks was there was absolutely undue complication within financial systems.    There were things plugged into other things that did not need to be plugged in to other things. There was connectivity issues associated with systems.    One of the charges we have based on that is to look and make sure our systems are not unduly complicated so that we do not unduly add data and potentially be compromised because of that.    Mr. Johnson. Unfortunately, sir, we see them all. Of course during the service attacks, those were political, so those were from a nation State. From the Chinese, we see the intellectual property thefts. From the criminals, regardless whether or not they are attacking for economic gain, any set of breached data it is going to be a bank customer we end up reimbursing at the end of the line for potential financial loss.    We become increasingly concerned about threats that have the potential of manipulating or destroying data. When does data disruption become data destruction is what we spend a lot of time thinking about in terms of ensuring we do not have data with the capacity to be manipulated.    You hear about advanced persistent threats a lot. I think there are more irritating persistent threats, IPTs, because they do not necessarily have a level of advancement, they just happen to be there for very extended periods of time over time. We see a great deal of patience among all these perpetrators.    Mr. Johnson. First of all, let the record show that I completely agree with Mr. French on this issue regarding information sharing.    Second, I think liability protection is the other piece of that because we need clarity in terms of what that liability protection for voluntary sharing information is, recognizing proper privacy protections need to be in place, and data needs to be minimized.    I think that would greatly enhance the ability of us to have more adequate information sharing across sectors particularly.