    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral, I would like to ask you to discuss and provide some guidance for me and others on how to approach the issue of cost sharing for our obligations and the benefits that we provide in the Pacific.    The easy way for me to look at it when it comes to Europe is through the 27 other NATO members who have a target of spending at least 2 percent of GDP on defense, even though only 4 of them today are doing that. But it is something that I can ask of our allies who enjoy the benefit of the U.S. disproportionate presence there and defense capacity.    How should I look at that when it comes to Asia and the Pacific?    Mr. O'Rourke. Yeah. All of that makes sense, and I think that same logic could extend to our presence in Europe, and yet there we have a very defined commitment from our allies there. As you outline some of the challenges that we face, a rising China, a resurgent Russia, just to name two, and some of the investments that you are going to ask or the Department of Defense and the administration will ask the taxpayer to make, all of which I think are sound, I think it is also an appropriate time to think about what our allies and other beneficiaries in the Asia-Pacific region should expect to contribute. And we, the taxpayer, the Representatives should have a clear understanding of that.    And I don't know if, General Scaparrotti, if you want to talk about Korea as an example with the THAAD batteries and Patriot missile battery deployments there, use that as an example. What part of that cost is shared by--understand the benefit to us of having our service members and those defenses there. What does Korea share in that in terms of cost?    General Scaparrotti. I would just say that this is a unique alliance with the U.S.-ROK Alliance, and it has started and has grown since the Korean War. And in this case, we have got a treaty partner and a partner that spends 2.5 percent pretty routinely each year in their defense. And they spend portions of their defense money to meet commitments that we have agreed upon mutually that they need to develop in order to strengthen the alliance. And in the closed session, we can talk specifically about that.    Secondly, through negotiations, they also--called a special measures agreement--they annually pay a certain percentage of the cost of U.S. forces to be stationed in Korea and assist in their defense. So I think it is a good construct. They are great partners in this respect. And they have been true to the--they have the same funding challenges that we have, but they have been true to meeting their commitments in that respect.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Duckworth.