    Mr. GOSS. Thank you very much, Chairman Johnson, Mr. Becerra, Members of the Committee, for the opportunity to come and talk to you about the 76th consecutive annual report from the Board of Trustees about the finances in this program.    The statements by the Chairman and Ranking Member have already done a great job talking about what this program is, the 60 million people that it is currently serving. One in 6 Americans is receiving a benefit from this program, 49 million of them from the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance, 11 million of them from the Disability Insurance. In 2015, the program paid out $866 billion in benefits to Americans, $743 billion of that to the OASI side and $143 billion on the DI side.    The asset reserves, as mentioned, are at $2.81 trillion now for the combined OASI and DI trust funds. That is an increase of $23 billion over what they had been at the beginning of the year 2015. Those asset reserves now stand at fully three times the annual cost of the program, which is actually above what has oftentimes been thought to be sort of a desirable contingency reserve level of at least 1 year's cost. So Social Security in the near term is in good shape at the moment.    Based on intermediate assumptions, let me share with you, in the Trustees Report--and I apologize that you have not had more time before this hearing to get to look at this carefully--but where we had a 2.68 percent of payroll, 75-year long-term deficit in last year's Trustees Report, we have a 2.66 percent of payroll deficit in this year's Trustees Report. That is a little bit better. It is a little bit better than it sounds, because just for the passage of time, change in the valuation year to 1 year later, we would have expected the 2.68 to rise to 2.74 percent of payroll deficit, but, in fact, it declined for a number of reasons that we can go into.    The Bipartisan Budget Act that you all participated in making happen, all who pay attention to Social Security are much appreciative of that, was a big reason why the Disability Insurance program has been extended. It has been extended by 6 years, we estimate, as a result of the enactment of that Act. And, in fact, you see for this report we estimate that the reserve depletion date will be extended an additional year on the basis of what has happened in the economy and other aspects of Social Security.    In fact, on the Disability Insurance side, the number of applications for disability has continued to decline, as it has since 2010. It has declined more than we had expected, and that is one of the components that has contributed toward our having 1 extra year beyond 2022 that we reported to Speaker Boehner back in November, and so that is a very, very positive development.    And I would also want to report to you all, this is not included in the Trustees Report obviously, but even more recent developments are that our applications for Social Security Disability benefits have continued to be lower than we had expected. So we hope a year from now to have more good news for you.    Beginning in 2020, however, we are expecting the projected OASDI annual cost to exceed its total current income, which will mean at that point in time that our nominal dollar, our total dollar amount of asset reserves in the trust fund will start to decline. We are projecting on a combined basis the Old-Age Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance programs will deplete the reserves in 2034. That is the same year that was estimated from last year. So the changes are not dramatic, the improvement is not dramatic, but it is always good to have some improvement.    Over the last 20 years, that reserve depletion date for the combined OASI and DI funds has ranged between 2029 and 2042. We are at 2034 now. And that really speaks to the variability that can occur in the economy and the implications for what the trust funds are and how long they will sustain the ability to pay the full scheduled benefits on a timely basis in the absence of action by you all and the President in changing the law.    In 2034, as I think Mr. Becerra already indicated, we are projecting now that if the reserves were allowed to deplete, we would still have 79 cents of revenue coming in for every $1 of scheduled benefits, but that that will decline to about 74 percent of scheduled benefits by 2090. So action clearly is going to be needed.    As described in the actuarial opinion, and as you all have stated and well understand, should we reach a point of reserve depletion without congressional action we simply will not be able to pay the full scheduled benefits on a timely basis. We have never reached that point before. We have--maybe I shouldn't say this--we have absolute confidence that you all will not allow that to happen.    After reserve depletion, the continuing income for disability, if we were to reach reserve depletion in 2023, we would still have 89 cents for every dollar coming in of continuing income in 2023 for the Disability Insurance program, and that would change to 82 cents for every dollar of scheduled benefits by the time we get out to 2090 for DI.    One other thing that I really want to say is that all of the changes that we have seen happen over the last 20 years for Disability Insurance costs rising and in the next 20 years for retirement cost under Social Security rising is really a matter of the changing age distribution of our population, determined by the changing birth rates that we had after the baby boom generation and the lower birth rates that we expect in the future.    We do need some changes in the future upcoming. We are looking forward to the proposals that you all will be developing and we will be working with you in scoring to be able to make the changes necessary to keep Social Security in good financial shape for the indefinite future.    Thank you very much.    Mr. GOSS. Well, first of all, I would give you my apologies and the apologies of my office on not having gotten this through earlier. As you all know, whether we have four trustees, as we had involved in this year's report, because we did not have Public Trustees engaged, or six trustees, there is a lot to be done in putting together not only the Social Security report, but also the Medicare report. Since 1965, we have had both reports to deal with, and the trustees have deemed to always have both reports come out at the same time.    There is a lot of complexity in both of these laws, lots of changes, and it just takes time for the trustees and their staffs to get together and make the decisions, which sometimes are difficult. When people get together and they have slightly different views on things, they have to work it out, they have to develop their consensus, and it takes time.    The final point that oftentimes occurs and can delay the timing of the Trustees Report is to find the time when all four or six trustees can all get in the same room at the same time. That is not always easy. And I believe earlier today we had all four of our trustees, all ex officio members were there, and it is not always easy to get that.    Mr. GOSS. Of course, our four ex officio trustees are those by nature of the job they have within the current Administration. The two Public Trustees who are put forth by the President, but with advice and consent from Members of Congress, are supposed to be of two different parties representing different views, and they do bring a broader perspective to the trustees than might otherwise be the case.    So it is a positive thing to have them there. The law requires that. And when the President does propose Public Trustees and they get confirmed by the Senate, then we have them in place. We simply were not in that position this year.    Mr. GOSS. Well, I would confess, I have known Chuck Blahous for a long time and I respect him very much, but in the time that I have spent working with trustees over the past years, I have never seen anybody capable of overwhelming five others. And when the trustees work together, they work toward consensus, and they all have signed the reports each year. So what you see, I think, we really have to take, and I would suggest, it represents the consensus of all the members of the board.    Mr. GOSS. That is $118,500.    Mr. GOSS. It would be a little bit more than double that level in order to get it back to the same share of all earnings being taxed as we had back in----    Mr. GOSS. No, in and of itself it would not for the long run.    Mr. GOSS. In and of itself, it would not be sufficient. It would go a long way, but would not be sufficient for the long run.    Mr. GOSS. Unfortunately, no. I think we are unique.    Mr. GOSS. I would agree with that. Certainly, in the sense that Social Security, it actually, in effect, absorbs debt from the rest of the government. Social Security actually makes loans to the Treasury. When we look at the roughly $19 trillion of total Federal debt, that is comprised in part of the debt the Treasury owes to Social Security.    So I think my view is that it would be accurate to say Social Security does not contribute toward the debt. Actually, it helps finance some of the debt, which otherwise would have to be borrowed from the public.    Mr. GOSS. I would absolutely agree. And, of course, there are budget scoring conventions, and I addressed that in the actuarial opinion of the Trustees Report, and different ways of looking at things.    But as far as Social Security is concerned, the OASI and DI trust funds and one of the Hospital Insurance trust funds of Medicare really do stand different from other programs. As Mr. Becerra indicated, they are really not allowed to borrow in any meaningful sense. So we are always in a position of having a positive accumulated balance from the start of time.    Mr. GOSS. Well, Social Security as a whole certainly has. And certainly in our office we have gone through the hiring freezes and restrictions on our ability to hire the number of people we would like to have to be able to serve you in every way that we possibly can. So certainly there are issues.    Mr. GOSS. Thank you very much for the opportunity.    Actually, yes. The liabilities that you described, we actually refer to per the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board as unfunded obligations. And the distinction there really is important. A liability is where you have the legal, contractual basis for having to pay for something in the future.    In the case of Social Security benefits, there is an obligation to pay scheduled benefits in the future, but there is a limitation. We can only pay what we have money to pay. So those amounts of future benefits are really referred to as obligations.    And the unfunded portion of scheduled benefit future cost we refer to as unfunded obligations. Just one small thing on that. We did have $10.7 trillion, our estimated unfunded obligations through 75 years in the 2015 Trustees Report. Just by the simple passage of time, when we start with 2016 for the then next 75 years, that number would have gone up from $10.7 to $11.2 trillion.    That is mainly because we are calculating these unfunded obligations on a present value discounted basis. When we move from 2015 to 2016, it basically just increases the amount by the interest rate for 1 year. So we have gone to $11.2 trillion.    As it happens, changes that were made in the experience and the assumptions other than the interest rate assumption in this report would have taken it from $11.2 down to $10.5 trillion, which is actually lower than we had last year. The one assumption that caused it actually to be larger than last year, even with the valuation period change, was the change in the long-term ultimate real interest rate from 2.9 down to 2.7 percent.    Mr. GOSS. Absolutely. These are our projections, no question. The surplus side is the accumulated amount of reserves we have. We are using them up.    Mr. GOSS. Our current statement is that, assuming we look on a combined basis for the two trust funds, 2034.    Mr. GOSS. Exactly.    Mr. GOSS. If we do not act, if we do not make changes in the law to avert that.    Mr. GOSS. That is a really good question. The nature of the way the program has been financed virtually from the beginning is a pay-as-you-go current-cost finance system, not an advance funded system.    Generally, what the trustees and past advisory councils over decades have said is have a contingency reserve throughout equal to at least 1 year's worth of----    Mr. GOSS. Oh, no, no, we really do, because of the three things that are required by the Congress for the trustees to report on, one of them being the actuarial status of the program. That has been interpreted most recently and generally as being a 75-year outlook to make sure that we are, indeed, solvent, that we are able to pay all scheduled benefits on time and in full throughout that 75-year period.    Mr. GOSS. We are not achieving full long-range solvency, absolutely----    Mr. GOSS. Exactly.    Mr. GOSS. This is the perfect question. Thank you very much.    Many people have thought in the past that the baby boom generation being large will come in, they will cause us first disability increased costs, which they already have. Now that they are moving into retirement they will cause us increased costs in retirement. One might think that they will move through and go away and not be causing this increased cost. Actually, that is not the case. The reason we call it a baby boom generation is actually because the birth rates dropped after 1965 and have stayed at a lower level.    Mr. GOSS. This wave is not receding. In fact, it is the reason why we are going to go from a total cost of 5 percent of GDP up to 6 percent of GDP.    Mr. GOSS. You know, the Administration, many Members of Congress have looked at various different options.    Mr. GOSS. We saw early on a proposal relative to the cost-of-living adjustment. We have seen proposals relative to immigration.    Mr. GOSS. That was early on in the Administration.    Mr. GOSS. There have been proposals relative to comprehensive immigration reform. And I think those have been the primary ones that have been specifically put forward.    Mr. GOSS. Exactly.    Mr. GOSS. Oh, wow. We have that available up on our website. It would probably add 2 or 3 or 4 years to the year of reserve depletion.    Mr. GOSS. But we know that a full comprehensive fix is going to include lots of moving parts.    Mr. GOSS. Well, there have been other things like the claiming strategies, the aggressive claiming strategies that were addressed in one of the budgets.    Mr. GOSS. What I would have to say, and the way we have to do our job is never really to answer that question, and I apologize for that, because what we are going to do is work for people on both sides of the aisle on all of the ideas that they have for making changes to either increase revenue or alter benefits or to----    Mr. GOSS. No, I haven't.    Mr. GOSS. The only thing I could possibly say here--well, first of all, let me ask you this. Whenever we have dealt over the decades that I have been around with Members of Congress in private or in any other forum, we always ask, what precisely is your goal?    Mr. GOSS. Okay. So 75-year solvency is the goal we want to achieve. Then the question is, do we want to do that by lowering the scheduled benefits, staying within the 12.4 percent tax rate we have, or do we want to maintain the benefits and find more revenue?    Mr. GOSS. Okay. Well, we fortunately have up on our web page, SSA.gov/oact, over 100 individual provisions actually not that we have come up with, but that Members of Congress have. And here is a little version of it. I can give you a couple copies if anybody would like, but it is right up on our web page. All of your staff already have access to this, well over 100 different provisions that affect Social Security in almost every way you can imagine. So what we really need now is for our collective judgment to get together and pick which of these different provisions we want.    Mr. GOSS. Well, I have been fortunate enough to work with the trustees all the way back to our very first two Public Trustees, Mary Falvey Fuller and Suzanne Denbo Jaffe, and it has really been a pleasure working with all of them. We understand that they come from different perspectives.    Mr. GOSS. It is really not our place to evaluate whether someone is a positive or negative. What I would say is really what I take to be wonderful about this process, is that we get four, and generally six, different trustees involved with different views and that we coalesce----    Mr. GOSS. That is absolutely true. There are six. No one or two can control.    Mr. GOSS. Well, again, as mentioned earlier, my office is not in complete control, obviously, at developing these reports. We really are doing our work for the Board of Trustees. And the Board of Trustees, the four ex officio Members of the present Administration----    Mr. GOSS. Again, it is really--it is just the process of developing consensus----    Mr. GOSS. Well, there are really two aspects of this. One is the $2.8 trillion that we have now, it is required by law that any reserves that Social Security has be invested in interest-bearing securities backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government, which is probably as secure as it gets anywhere. So I would suggest that $2.8 trillion, we should really say we can absolutely count on.    Is Social Security fully funded for the long term? It is not at this point. As mentioned before, we have currently an estimated $11.4 trillion of unfunded obligation, which, by the way, is actually a smaller percentage of GDP over the next 75 years than the value that we had in the last report. It is 0.89 percent of the GDP over the same 75-year period. Last year it was 0.91 percent of GDP over the 75-year period. Because, remember, $11.4 trillion sounds like an awful lot of money, but that is a 75-year shortfall. We have to look at it relative to the 75-year wherewithal to be able to cover that.    Do we have a shortfall? Yes. We do need to, one way or the other, come up with a way to either increase revenue on the order of a third or reduce the scheduled benefits on the order of one-fourth relative to what we have in current law by the time we get to 2034.    And, again, we are incredibly eager, myself and others from my office and at the Social Security Administration, to work with you all and your wonderful staffs on getting there.    Mr. GOSS. Well, it is an accumulated surplus that we have had up to this point. We do have $2.8 trillion available now. I hesitate to try an analogy, but, for instance, if we want to put our child through college for 4 years and we have enough money available right now to pay for the first year but not the latter 3, then we do have a nice piece of money here ready to cover 1 year.    Mr. GOSS. Well, it is certainly a surplus in the sense that in that case and certainly in this case, where we have since the inception of the program, first taxes collected in 1937, we have accumulated more tax revenue collected than we have paid out to date.    And, again, looking at it from the point of view as a current-cost finance or a pay-as-you-go system, which it is, in that sense we have a surplus. Our real challenge is----    Mr. GOSS. To say it is not fully advance funded over the long term, there is no question about that.    Mr. GOSS. Well, what I would suggest is that we do know that looking on a combined OASI and DI trust fund basis, we can pay about 79 cents on the dollar, ultimately about 74 cents. So we are about 25 percent short on benefits, on the ability to pay benefits.    Mr. GOSS. But here is the question. If we were to enact a proposal today that would lower benefits by about a quarter or raise revenue by about a third as of 2034, that is exactly the same 2034 problem as if we enacted 5 years or 10 years from now.    The real difference in taking longer to consolidate on the decision that you all will make about how we ought to change things is that if we wait longer we will probably limit the options we have available, we will give people less advance warning, and we may be able to phase in changes less gradually.    The beauty of the 1983 Social Security amendments, which were the ones that raised our normal retirement age, didn't start to raise it until 17 years later. It is wonderful to give the American people that kind of advanced warning. So that is why I think everybody has been encouraging you all to give us legislation sooner rather than later.    Mr. GOSS. That is true. That is a rather interesting notion, though, of saying that every year the number of people who start to receive benefits is roughly 5 percent of the total number of people who receive benefits. So I am not sure that anybody would seriously consider saying let's continue to pay full, unaltered benefits to all the people who started receiving benefits a year or 2 or 3 years ago, but new people coming in will get nothing.    Mr. GOSS. Well, to the extent that any Treasury bond or savings bond that any of us might hold is an IOU from the government, that would be true.    Mr. GOSS. It is Treasuries, exactly. And it represents, of course, the excess funds that have been accumulated by Social Security by having taxes more than what we spent with interest.    Mr. GOSS. Well, I would suggest that if we ever reach a point where the Federal Government as a whole is unable to repay the gradual amounts of annual shortfalls that Social Security is drawing from its trust funds, we will probably have much more severe problems than just the situation with Social Security given the level of total Federal debt that we have.    Mr. GOSS. The CPI that determined last year's cost-of-living adjustment, which turned out to be zero, we actually had the CPI going down by I think it was three- or four-tenths of a percent. In order to have a cost-of-living adjustment coming up December of this year, we have to make that up by the rules of the way the cost-of-living adjustments work and go above.    Our current projection, our estimation in the new Trustees Report is that we will have a two-tenths of 1 percent increase for the cost-of-living adjustment. It depends on lots of factors in the economy. We have all seen the price of gasoline going up some. So at this point we are expecting we should be on the order of two-tenths. Could it be more or less? It depends on what happens between now and the end of September.    Mr. GOSS. Our current expectation and our projection is that we will have a positive cost-of-living adjustment next time.    Mr. GOSS. Life expectancy at birth or at 65?    Mr. GOSS. Life expectancy at 65 was considerably less than it is now, no question.    Mr. GOSS. There is no question we have a lot of proposals in here that would operate for people at different lifetime earnings levels in very differential ways. We have one proposal that suggests that, for instance, in our benefit formula, which now has a weighting to give a higher rate of return, a higher replacement rate for low-income folks than high-income folks, to make that tilt stronger.    We have had proposals that would increase the now really ineffective special minimum benefit that we have for folks at the bottom end, because it was only CPI indexed, and so it has, in effect, disappeared in terms of effectiveness, to restore a minimum benefit. And these proposals can be done in such a way that they would have an overall savings by lowering the rate of return for the highest earners and increasing to some degree the rate of return for the low earners.    So we have lots and lots of different approaches.    I would also mention there is not only the payroll tax, but, in fact, a former, although fairly brief Chairman of this Committee and Chairman of the House Budget Committee had at a point in some of the provisions that we scored proposed having employer-sponsored group health insurance premiums subject to the tax that contributes to the Social Security trust fund.    So we have lots of different potential ways we have indicated here for generating more revenue, lots of different ways for altering benefits, some of which could be across-the-board reductions, some would reduce higher earners more than lower earners. So we have a great variety to the point of what I could speak is that there are some provisions that we have probably seen more often than others. And ones to, for instance, as mentioned here, increase our taxable maximum from $118,500 to something a little bit more than double, to restore it back to where we were in 1983 and 1984 where we did have 90 percent of all wage income falling below our taxable maximum. The changing distribution of earnings in our economy has really altered that for about 83 percent. That would make a contribution.    Many people have looked at the retirement age that we have increased, from 65 up to 67. By 2022, we will be at 67 for the full retirement age at which you can get the full and unreduced benefit. Some have suggested indexing it after we get to that point.    One commission, if I may just mention very briefly, I believe it was the Simpson-Bowles commission, actually suggested indexing the retirement age but doing it in such a way that long-career low earners would not be subject to the full and possibly not any of the increase in the retirement age.    So there is an incredible variety of possibilities here that we hope we can work with you all in considering.    Mr. GOSS. For 2034, it would really do very little, because we would be only talking about affecting people who attain age 62 after the year 2022. To affect them by having some lower level of benefit or asking them to wait another couple of months or a year to start receiving their benefits, the cumulative effect through 2034 would be very small, which really speaks to the notion that we really need to have a whole market basket of different possible changes put together for the next conference on reform.