    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for letting me participate.    Two weeks ago I was in Paris, which was just a matter of days after the massacre, and it was an honor for me, along with Representative Gabbard, that we were able to place a crossed American and French flag there at the sight of the slaughter that took place and for us to meet with French officials at a very high level to reassure them that Americans stand with them.    We have had a special relationship with the French people since their crucial support for American independence during our struggle for our own freedom. Such a relationship and the supporting relationship as we have had is going to be ever more important in the years ahead, because we are entering into a new era of history. The Cold War is over. The post-Cold War is over. And this era may well be known as the era of Islamic terrorism.    But whatever they call it, we need to be supportive of all of those who are attacking and trying to defeat radical Islam, and that is especially true of countries like France.    Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher . The new chair? I have succeeded. There I am.    Listen, thank you to the witnesses. And I will proceed with my questioning and then to Mr. Higgins.    Let me note that I spent a lot of time in the Reagan White House in the 1980s. I was with him for 7\1/2\ years. I was a speechwriter, but also a special assistant to the President. And one thing I noted, that Ronald Reagan took a lot of criticism during the time period, but he ended the Cold War. No one gives that credit to Herbert Walker Bush. They give the credit to Ronald Reagan and justifiably so, because Ronald Reagan prioritized what he wanted to accomplish. He prioritized what we are going to do is we are going to eliminate our major threat. What is our major threat? The Soviet Union isn't the ultimate threat to the United States and the world today.    Unfortunately, it seems like we cannot support people today who are killing the people who want to kill us, the people who are the great threat, the greatest threat to the security of the people of the United States and other Western countries, unlike Ronald Reagan--we did work with some unsavory characters, and we brought down the Soviet Union, and that was the goal--because those other unsavory characters maybe at a smaller level were not good people, but they at least were not threatening to injure the people of the United States or other parts of the free world.    Mr. Boot, I am sorry, but I am appalled at the Council on Foreign Relations and what has been happening with the option of allowing the Russians to play a major role in defeating radical Islam, which is the greatest threat to the security of the people of the United States. Russia is no longer the Soviet Union and it is being treated as if it is still the Soviet Union. And it is appalling to me when I hear people going out of their way to say what Putin is thinking. So you don't think that Putin is not there to destroy ISIL. How many people were killed in that Russian airliner? Do you think that had anything to do with his judgment? You don't give Putin that credit?    Mr. Boot. Well, with all due respect, Congressman, Putin was in Syria before that airliner was blown up. And if you actually look at the pattern of Russian air strikes, very few of them are hitting ISIS-held areas. Most of them are hitting areas held around Aleppo and so forth, which are held by moderate opposition groups backed by the United States.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Does anyone else have any information? Because the information I read is that is not true.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You guys are better read than I am on this. But let me just say----    Mr. Rohrabacher. I have talked to several people from the region. However, let me move--it goes from what you are saying here, and that is--and by the way, I appreciate, you gave me a briefing once, it was excellent, I might add.    Assad being this horrible, evil regime, the people who were rising up against the Assad regime within Syria, did they have any outside support from any Sunni-based governments in the region? Of course they did.    Now, tell me this. Of those other governments that happen to be friendly to us, do you think that if there was an uprising that was sponsored by, let's say, Assad or someone that they didn't like, that those regimes--do you think Qatar, for example, if there is an uprising among those many, many more non-Qatar citizens, were uprising and they were being supported by somebody like Assad, do you think that they would be less likely to commit atrocities against those people?    I think that--I am just--I will just posture, because there is no doubt in my mind, I note that the Qatar people, they are good people, but the fact is, if there was some type of a Shiite-backed uprising among the people who live in Qatar, you would probably have just as many thousands, or proportionately, murdered in order to maintain that government.    And Assad has been portrayed as something different and Putin is portrayed as something different. The fact is that they are flawed. And right now, neither Assad nor Putin threaten to murder thousands of Americans if they get their chance. If a bomb goes off, a nuclear bomb goes of in Philadelphia or Los Angeles, it is going to be a radical Islamicist bomb and it is not going to be Putin.    Putin is out there trying to at least come to grips. And by the way, what does he have to do with fighting, why is it he is not there to destroy ISIL? How many ISIL soldiers come from Chechnya, Mr. Boot?    Mr. Boot. I don't know. Some do. But there is certainly evidence that Putin has looked the other way as people from the Russian Caucasus have gone to join ISIS.    But if I could make a longer point----    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will let you make your point. But let me just note the reports that I heard, there have 3,000 and 5,000 Chechnyans in ISIL. Now, don't tell me that what is Putin doing there. They blow up his planes. They have people who are murdering--these Chechnyans who are murdering Russians in Russia.    Yes, Putin may be there and he is a flawed guy, he is a thug, as everybody says, but just like Ronald Reagan, we had to deal--look, we made an alliance with China during the Cold War in order to defeat the Soviet Union. We made a deal with the Russians during World War II to defeat Hitler. That is great. But right now, the Council on Foreign Relations and the people who just can't get over the Cold War is over are basically putting us at a great disadvantage to be working with somebody who shares a common enemy.    Go right ahead and retort that, it is fine.    Mr. Boot. Congressman, if I thought that Putin was actually going to intently fight ISIS, I would be all in favor of making common cause with him. Unfortunately, what he is doing is he is supporting Bashar Assad, who is the greatest recruiting tool that ISIS ever had. As long as Bashar Assad is out there dropping barrel bombs and killing people, what he is doing is he is driving Sunnis into the arms of ISIS. That is why ISIS is able to have a raison d'etre. That is why ISIS is able to posture itself as the defender of the Sunnis in Syria against the butchery committed by Assad, by Russia, by Iran, by Lebanese Hezbollah, and all these other groups.    Mr. Rohrabacher. There was an uprising going on, and he was very heavy-handed in trying to defeat that uprising, and there is no doubt about it.    Mr. Boot. And he is still heavy-handed. And as long as he continues slaughtering Sunnis, that gives ISIS a reason to exist. There is a symbiotic relationship between the Iranian-backed forces like Assad and the Sunni extremists on the other side.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You expect the Saudis and the Qataris and the others would be far more humane than what Assad was?    Mr. Boot. Well, they may not be. But they are not the ones who are slaughtering 200,000 people at the moment.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right now. Right now they are. But you are putting Assad in a different situation because he was confronted with an uprising being sponsored by an outside power.    Mr. Higgins, you may proceed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you for that insight.    Ms. Kelly.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, thank you very much. And it has been enlightening.    And, Mr. Boot, let me just suggest that I think your plan for a Sunni Regional Government and that part of your plan is good. It is excellent. It is probably the only, I would say, real plan that I have heard thrown onto the table and it has a lot of validity to it. So I hope that the powers that be will take that seriously, and I will be talking about it myself, although I am not a power that be, I am just here.    Let me ask you this. All over the Internet there is an interview with General Wesley Clark, former, I believe, NATO commander, who immediately after--a day or two after 9/11 went to the Pentagon. And one of his generals he worked with over his life visited him. And the general confided that they were not, this is a couple days after 9/11, they were consumed with the plan to move forward with a forceful regime change against Saddam Hussein in Iraq, not Afghanistan, but against Saddam Hussein.    And then he came back about a couple weeks later, the same general said, ``Well, are you still moving forward on Saddam Hussein?'' And according to General Clark, he said, ``Well, actually, my friend then said, no, we are now preparing to forcefully remove from office the five or six governments in the Middle East that are deemed to be pro-Russian, including Libya, including Assad, including Saddam Hussein, et cetera.''    Now, have any of you heard that even after 9/11, that our Government was targeting its activity on that type of--for that type of a mission, to eliminate, basically regime change for those regimes that had been close to Russia during the Cold War?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You haven't heard? Okay. So have you heard Wesley Clark's statement on this? No one has heard it.    I would suggest that you--I am not--listen, Wesley Clark may be making it up. I doubt if a man of his stature would make this up. But I would suggest you take a look at it.    And with that said, one last point on Assad, and that is I know these players. I have never met the son Assad. I did meet his father once a long, long time ago. And Assad in those days was known as the guy who protected Christians in that part of the world. But I know the different players. I don't know one player there in the Middle East that if their government was being confronted with an uprising that was being supported by a Shiite government, that that government wouldn't be just as brutal as what Assad has been in suppressing his regime.    It is okay, listen, I want to say all of you gave me some good insights today. And I remember, as I say, Mr. Weiss gave me a personal, how do you say, briefing one time and it was excellent. All of you did an excellent job. Thank you for actually giving us something to think about.