    Mr. Villasenor. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky and members of the subcommittee. I thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today.    The views I'm expressing here are my own and do not necessarily represent those of any of the organizations I am affiliated with.    Today, an unmanned aircraft can refer to everything from a small toy helicopter that might cost only $10 to a jet-powered Global Hawk which can weigh 15,000 pounds and cost over $100 million.    There are solar-powered unmanned aircraft that can stay aloft in the stratosphere for weeks at a time and hobbyist quad copters that may only weigh only a pound or two and have flight durations measured in minutes.    The Nano Hummingbird, developed by California-based AeroVironment under DARPA funding, weighs only two-thirds of an ounce including an onboard video camera, and that is technology that is now almost half a decade old.    In 2013, a team of Harvard researchers reported the successful flight of the RoboBee, a robotic insect that weighs less than one-three-hundredth of an ounce.    These examples underscore the incredible variety in unmanned aircraft and the near impossibility of predicting how this technology will evolve in the future.    An additional complicating factor is the same unmanned aircraft platform can play many different roles. For example, a small quad copter weighing one or two pounds in the hands of a professional videographer would be considered a professional platform.    That same unmanned aircraft in the hands of a hobbyist is a hobbyist platform and that same platform in the hands of a 10-year-old child might be considered a toy.    Another issue and one that falls squarely under the jurisdiction of this committee is that far more than in the past unmanned aircraft are becoming consumer products.    In the event of a defect creating a safety hazard, this creates some complex potential overlaps between agencies such as the FAA on the one hand and the Consumer Products Safety Commission on the other hand.    For unmanned aircraft that are marketed as consumer products there is certainly a role for consumer protection. I believe the Consumer Products Safety Commission recognizes this. In fact, a search of recalls on the CPSC Web site shows that they have been very active in issuing recalls related to consumer unmanned aircraft products.    Of course, no one would suggest the CPSC should have jurisdiction over a Global Hawk or that they should be involved in developing regulations governing flight operations.    But precedent makes it clear that with respect to product safety the CPSC will be in the mix and in fact has already been in the mix for quite a few years when it comes to consumer unmanned aircraft.    As consumer unmanned aircraft offerings continue to grow, there will be an increased need for coordination between the CPSC and the FAA.    For example, there will be some UAS products that serve both consumer and nonconsumer markets. The safety issue with one of those products might be initially reported to the FAA and not the CPSC or vice versa.    The good news is that the CPSC has proven adept at addressing an extremely broad range of products in the past and there is every reason to believe it will be capable of addressing the growing number of consumer unmanned aircraft product offerings that fall within its jurisdiction.    In closing, I would like to express my appreciation to the subcommittee for holding this series of hearings on disruptive technologies including the unmanned aircraft being discussed today.    With rapidly changing technologies there can sometimes be a tendency to over regulate and in doing so to inadvertently stifle innovation, impede future growth or infringe civil liberties.    To ensure a balanced approach when contemplating new policy solutions addressing these technologies, I think it is important to take a full accounting of existing frameworks, some of which can be more applicable than might initially be apparent.    Integrating unmanned aircraft into the national airspace system will open up a host of socially and economically beneficial applications.    In addition, that integration will help ensure continued American leadership not only in aviation but also in related sectors such as robotics.    I am confident that with the proper mix of education, self regulation and government oversight the overs helming majority of commercial and hobbyist unmanned aircraft operators will fly safely and in a manner respectful of privacy and property rights.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify on this important topic.    Mr. Villasenor. Well, first of all, I think it is an extremely hard task so I have a lot of respect for the work that the FAA is doing.    I think it is important to take full account of the innovation in the ways of using unmanned aircraft that are going on not only in the commercial community but also in the hobbyist community as well because that is traditionally and I'm sure in the future where so much of our innovation comes from and it is important not to impede that community in terms of their innovation.    Mr. Villasenor. Yes. I am fully appreciative of and share many of the concerns that have been raised about potential abuses of not only this technology but many others with respect to privacy. What I am adding is that I think that in addressing those we need to be careful not to inadvertently impede uses that have absolutely no privacy consequences at all inadvertently. So I think it is important to be aware of unintended consequences.    Mr. Villasenor. Well, for example, if there is a state law that prohibits photography of private property, does that mean if I am, 3,000 feet up and I want to just take a picture out of an airplane as it is coming in for landing at an airport, I am sitting in a commercial plane, I can certainly do that and no one has a problem with that.    If that same picture is acquired by an unmanned aircraft it would seem inconsistent for that to be unlawful. In fact, it is probably First Amendment violation to make that unlawful. So those are some of the examples of some of the constraints I worry about.    Mr. Villasenor. Yes, and just to make sure the record is straight, my primary affiliation is actually not in the law school at UCLA and I think there is express federal preemption in Title 49 that says that the air space of the United States is under the exclusive control of the United States.    Mr. Villasenor. Right. And so I do have some concerns to the extent that state laws, in some cases, would purport to create a bit of a conflict there.    One of the most important and interesting questions, and it relates very directly to the privacy question, is this tension in some sense between where a property owner's control over the space enveloping his or her property--where that stops and then where the control of the federal government starts.    I don't really think there is much of a role for state airspace in there. I think it is really between the property and the federal government.    But the complexity is the trespassing and the invasion of privacy torts and common law of the torts and the criminal and civil statutes are, of course, at the state level and that would be where you worry about things right on your property.    So it's a complex mix of federal and state laws.    Mr. Villasenor. I was just going to add that, one, cyber security is an extremely important theme and one that is applicable to the Internet of things in its entirety and what I often say is that connectivity has outpaced security.    So in the rush to create things that are highly connected sometimes we find that there are unintended linkages that--no one intentionally left these holes there but they're there nonetheless and they are always found and they are always exploited.    So it's an incredibly important thought and one that we should do our best to stay in front of. But even then it's going to be impossible to get 100 percent correct.    Mr. Villasenor. Villasenor.    Mr. Villasenor. Well, certainly, there is regulatory impediments. For example, beyond line of sight, autonomous flight is something which is nowhere near being--there is not a regulatory framework for doing that any time that I can see in the immediate future.    And that is, as Mr. Walden pointed out, that is going to be essential, for example, to deploy a set of unmanned aircraft to sweep through an area that might be miles away from the people controlling it. So that's an important area.