    Mr. Bertoni. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Brown, members of the committee, good morning. I am pleased to discuss our work on the Department of Veterans Affairs individual unemployability benefit, which is a supplemental benefit that allows veterans to be deemed totally disabled even if they don't meet the criteria for a 100-percent rating.    In fiscal year 2013, over 330,000 of 3.7 million veterans VA-compensated for service-connected disabilities received individual unemployability, or IU, benefits. Moreover, over the last several years, the beneficiary population and program costs have increased steadily, especially among older veterans. And, in fiscal year 2013, disability payments to IU recipients totaled $11 billion.    My testimony discusses age-related trends in the beneficiary population, VA's procedures for benefit decisionmaking, and various options that have been proposed for revising this benefit.    In summary, the number of veterans receiving individual unemployability benefits is increasing and now comprises nearly half of all veterans whose disabilities are rated at 100 percent. Moreover, the number of older beneficiaries, age 65 or older, has also steadily increased and by fiscal year 2013 comprised over half of the beneficiary population, a 73-percent increase over fiscal year 2009 levels. Further, of these older veterans, 57,000 were 75 and older and 11,000 were 90 and older.    The increase in older veterans is mostly driven by new beneficiaries receiving the benefit for the very first time, including over 13,000 veterans age 65 to 90-plus years entering in fiscal year 2013. For that year, we estimate that VA paid $5.2 billion above what veterans would have received in the absence of such a benefit.    We also found that VA's decisional guidance, quality assurance checks, and income verification procedures do not ensure individual employability decisions are well-supported. Specifically, VA's guidance for assessing employability falls short in ensuring consistency, and VA rating specialists we interviewed frequently disagreed on key factors to consider, weighed the same factors differently, and had difficulty separating allowable from nonallowable factors in deciding IU claims. Such challenges create a risk that two raters could examine the same claim and the same evidence and reach opposite decisions to award or deny the claim.    Also, as designed and implemented, VA's quality assurance framework primarily focuses on processing errors and does not ensure a comprehensive assessment of whether award or denial decisions are accurate, complete, and consistent.    In addition, VA does not independently verify self-reported earnings information supplied by applicants and current beneficiaries although the agency has ready access to IRS wage data for this purpose. As a result, the agency risks paying taxpayer dollars to those who may be working in excess of current program earnings limits and are thus ineligible for these benefits.    In our June 2015 report, we identified a number of options proposed by others for revising the IU eligibility requirements and the benefits structure. More specifically, several options proposed changes such as imposing age limits, lowering the disability rating requirement, or increasing income thresholds, while another option would lower but not immediately eliminate benefit payments as beneficiaries earn more income beyond program limits.    Based on our discussions with various experts and stakeholders, we identified a range of strengths and challenges associated with each, such as improved beneficiary targeting and reduced benefit outlays in some instances and potential additional administrative costs and beneficiary equity concerns for others.    VA is currently at a juncture where it is revising its complex, multifaceted disability compensation programs. Concurrent with this effort, VA has the opportunity during its deliberations to benefit from the attention that the IU benefit has received from various experts. Accordingly, these proposed options and the potential strengths and challenges they present warrant thoughtful consideration in any broader benefit refinement analyses and efforts to improve IU benefit design and eligibility criteria going forward.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. I am happy to answer any questions that you or other members of the committee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Bertoni. We didn't present it as a problem. We were asked to look at age-related trends.    But, clearly, that cohort of beneficiaries fall within a group that you would expect, especially at the outer reaches, would not be employable or even seeking employment. We heard some statistics here today, but after 75, the number of folks working falls to about 10 percent, and 90, it is probably pretty much nonexistent.    So that older cohort at the outer edges certainly falls out of most folks who would be seeking employment.    Mr. Bertoni. If I could quickly jump in, I think you make a good point about, what it is called. I mean, with individual unemployability, what is inferred is that the person can't work and we are going to compensate them for the inability to work. And, at the outer reaches of these ages, it strains the credibility of that program.    I think you really need to be concerned when you are looking at these age cohorts, had these people worked in the 10, 12 years prior to coming in? If they had and tried and fell out of the workforce periodically, that shows an intent to work. So that is a factor that could be, you know, built into this process.    With Social Security Administration--if you are out of the workforce for 10 years, so you retire or drop out for whatever reason, if you can't show that you have worked at least 20 quarters in that 10-year period, you don't qualify for benefits.    So the concern amongst many of the folks we interviewed in the field was folks who have been out of the workforce for many years, retired from long careers, no work activity, will come in, apply for the benefit, and there is some discomfort amongst VA staff in having to award those benefits.    Mr. Bertoni. Yes.    Mr. Bertoni. I don't know the actual percentages wise, but we did do some work in VR&E a couple years ago.    The issue we had was the goals that they were using to demonstrate success were very short-term in nature. We felt they had to have, beyond the short term, a more extended goal for actual success. Because people can come in and out, you know, in the short term and in the long term not be successful. But, really, over time you would want to see a broader metric that gauges success.    I don't have the number, but----    Mr. Bertoni. Sure.    Mr. Bertoni. We have confirmed the percentage. We don't agree that that is likely representative of the quality of the cases.    Mr. Bertoni. Yes. I mean, it goes back to the guidance. I have been, you know, living with the guidance for a couple days, looking at this, really trying to learn the guidance or to familiarize myself with it. And guidance is very weak in several areas.    I mean, there is information on evidence that they should consider, evidence they could exclude. But there is a middle area of very valuable information, such as whether they are in school, what their work history looks like, other aspects of the veteran's life, that they are silent on. And it claims the examiners are using them, you know, unevenly.    Mr. Bertoni. I think it is up to the agency to take a first crack at, sort of, clarifying what is in, what is out, the hierarchy of evidence.    I mean, an example. In the Social Security Administration, the primary physician's report, that has the most weight. There are no references in the VA guidance around that issue.    So I think the agency can, based on their experience, help staff, sort of, gradate, or gradate for staff, the importance of information. That will help them, I think, make better decisions and more consistent decisions.    Mr. Bertoni. I don't see this as abuse. I believe these veterans, they see this benefit out there. A single veteran at 60 percent is going to get $1,000 a month. If that veteran gets their rate increased to 100 percent, that is a $2,800-a-month benefit. So there is an incentive to go for that, and I understand why they would.    What we are talking about here is having better guidance to make better decisions on that $1,000-versus-$2,800-a-month decision.    Mr. Bertoni. Yeah. We did not hear, you know, abuse mentioned. People were just concerned that, given what was in front of them in terms of the guidance, it was difficult making, in their view, sometimes, accurate and consistent decisions.    Mr. Bertoni. Sure. Thank you.    In terms of IU, the STAR reviews sample a very small proportion of the IU claims. So we have some concerns there about their ability to project for that subpopulation.    Also, I think there is a very high standard within STAR and even within the in-process reviews that my colleague just mentioned, that the error has to be clear and undebatable. And it is very difficult for an examiner, even if they feel that there was a mistake made, to substitute their judgment in a particular instance.    So it is almost impossible, to find an error in STAR and in in-process reviews. And I am a bit concerned, as they move forward, that they are not taking a different approach.    I think there are other vehicles. They do special targeted studies, they do greater reliability reviews, they do these comparable questionnaires to try to get at, sort of, consistency that we believe may be better tools for getting at the inconsistencies, the root causes for inconsistencies, and ultimately building their training around those areas.    Mr. Bertoni. For what it is, like I said, it is an accurate figure. But for what it is supposed to be doing, we don't believe it hits the mark.    Mr. de Planque. One thing that we would additionally note on that, the STAR reviews--and their reviews tend to be things--did they make a particular evaluation, as opposed to what was the quality of that evaluation. And so they may get a check for they made the evaluation, but if you look further at it, the evaluation was done in an improper fashion or it didn't take the right things into account.    And so you don't get any notion of the quality within that step. And so, at a 94-percent rate, yes, 94 percent of the steps may be being done, but it is a qualitative versus quantitative kind of measure in it, which sometimes leads to--you know, that is where we would like to see more investigation, from an American Legion standpoint.