    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, Ms. Bresch.    It's my understanding, when we talk about Mylan and the eligibility threshold in your patient assistance program, what has that number come to at this point? What is the amount?    Ms. Plaskett. For a family of four.    You know, many of us here, including yourself, come from communities where I don't really know that many of the families that make 97,000 as a family of four. You know, where in the Virgin Islands, the average amount is about 50,000 for a family of four. I would think, you know, in other places that you're familiar with, that would be the case as well.    How do you as a company deal with those individuals who are falling within the margins to be able to afford that?    Ms. Plaskett. And then what happens to the other families that are below that? Do you have other programs? What are you doing for those?    Ms. Plaskett. Anyone below that number that's a family of four?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. So that would mean, in places like myself, they would pay--how much then would cost be at that point?    Ms. Plaskett. So a family of four then that's above that margin, what happens to those families?    Ms. Plaskett. So if the individuals, not the companies or not the schools that are buying, individuals who purchase this, what percentage you say fall within the PAP, the patient assistance program?    Ms. Plaskett. What percentage would that be?    Ms. Plaskett. And of that 70 to 75 percent that are in commercial plans, how much do those individuals pay?    Ms. Plaskett. What is the variation?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. That does give some kind of--and it would be good if we could get the numbers then of what those individuals are so that we understand what percentage of people are really having to pay the $600, the $400, and the $300 that really seem very outrageous. I'd like to know how many families have to be subjected to that.    Ms. Plaskett. Then why would you say that minority is growing?    Ms. Plaskett. Now, you're doing other things as well. I understand that you do have some lobbying efforts to get EpiPens listed as preventative services under the Affordable Care Act. Is that correct?    Ms. Plaskett. And how much resources have you put towards that?    Ms. Plaskett. When you say education, who would that be towards?    Ms. Plaskett. Who are the formularies, for those of us who are uneducated about these kinds of things?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. I'm out of time. I've got a lot more questions, but sorry.