    Mr. Hallinan. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to provide the Department of the Army's views on the Vietnam Helicopter Memorial Act.    Arlington National Cemetery is our Nation's unique and iconic resting place devoted to those individuals who made a significant sacrifice and commitment to the defense of our country in the armed services. Arlington National Cemetery is recognized as a national treasure and is an active military cemetery, interring over 7,000 individuals annually. Since 1864, these hallowed grounds have been the final resting place for more than 400,000 Active Duty service members, veterans, and their family. It is our duty and the United States Army's commitment to ensure Arlington National Cemetery remains an active cemetery as long as space accommodations allow us to honor those who have served our Nation in the military. On behalf of the cemetery and the Department of the Army, I express our appreciation for the support that Congress has provided over the years.    Current law directs Arlington National Cemetery to preserve space not conducive to ground burial of human remains for the memorialization of individual service members whose remains are missing, never recovered, scattered, or buried at sea.    Over the past 25 years, as the Congressman pointed out, only four monuments have been approved and installed in Arlington National Cemetery. The two most recent being in 2002 and 2011, the Battle of the Bulge and the Jewish Chaplains Memorial, respectively, each of which were authorized through congressional legislation.    The proposed Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act legislation, as drafted, would direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a monument honoring the helicopter pilots and crew members of the Vietnam era, and for other purposes.    This legislation does not address the broader concerns of preserving the life of the cemetery well into the future. By virtue of longstanding Army policy and rulemaking, commemorative monuments may only be placed in Arlington Cemetery after a collaborative and deliberative process. Monuments reduce land that would otherwise be used for burial memorialization of our killed in action , deceased on Active Duty service members, veterans, and their eligible family members.    The initial request from the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association was processed in accordance with the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act and public law. The appropriate congressional oversight committees were notified of the Secretary of the Army's decision to disprove the request for a commemorative monument. In its stead, he did approve the placement of a plaque at the base of a living tree. While other veteran's organizations have had their request for tree plaques disapproved in order to preserve space at the cemetery, the Secretary chose to allow a tree plaque honoring those members of the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association.    Given the present rate of burials and the dwindling inventory of available gravesites and niches, Arlington National Cemetery will close for first interments or inurnments in the 2030s. The reality is space is finite. Each year, ground burial is denied to veterans whose service does not rise to the level to justify displacement of eligible veterans. Additionally, under current eligibility, any future casualties of our Nation--excuse me. Each ground burial is denied current veterans justify displacement of an eligible--additionally, any current eligible future casualty our Nation sustains after 2030s may find space not available at Arlington National Cemetery for those who pay the ultimate sacrifice, our killed-in-action service members.    Arlington National Cemetery is devoted to ensuring the most important memorials are placed in our hallowed grounds. Those are the individual government headstones marking the resting places of the veterans who have served and sacrificed their life in service to our Nation. We are responsible for ensuring commemoration in perpetuity, as established by law. Maintaining individual memorialization of those who have earned a place at Arlington is the most important responsibility we as a Nation hold at Arlington National Cemetery. This was the key consideration for the cemetery staff and the advisory committee of Arlington National Cemetery when they reviewed and made their recommendation to the Secretary of the Army. His thoughtful and detailed review found the same and resulted in his decision.    The Army understands the general intent of the legislation to honor these veterans and their service. However, as stewards of our most hallowed military burial grounds, Arlington National Cemetery must diligently preserve the land, which is ultimately designated for the sole purpose of providing the final resting place for our heroes who were killed in action, Active Duty service members, veterans, and their eligible family members. Any structure, commemorative or utilitarian in nature, that diverts from the expressed mission should be placed in other locations suitable for their representation.    Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, this concludes my testimony. I will gladly respond to any questions you or the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Hallinan. Mr. Chairman, Arlington presently occupies 624 acres.    Mr. Hallinan. I would have to take it as a do up to get an estimate for you, sir, an accurate estimate. But just about every space in Arlington that we look at, if it is not suitable for burial space, it is very important to keep in mind that it is suitable for an MA marker, a memorial marker, so those airmen and those marines and those other combat people missing that have never been recovered, we can put a memorial marker in those spaces for their families. So it serves a purpose, and we look at that very critically, sir.    Mr. Hallinan. Well, the markers themselves, they are just standing upright headstone markers, but they can fit in a 4- or 5-foot space.    Mr. Hallinan. Correct, sir.    Mr. Hallinan. Correct. We look at it as future potential for MA markers, memorial markers.    Mr. Hallinan. I will take it as a do up, sir.    Mr. Hallinan. I would have take that as a do up, Mr. Chairman, to answer your question specifically how many are actually for a unit or for a battle, because there are so many different types of monuments at Arlington.    Mr. Hallinan. The space, as I mentioned in my written statement, is finite. And we are all looking towards the future and keeping space available. As we look towards the future expansion, and as my colleague here speaks about Henderson Hall, we are really expanding at a millennium project, which is away from Henderson Hall.    When you look, any space that we would designate for that purpose could still be used in the future for a burial or for a memorial marker for someone that is missing. So that is really the issue. And I understand that, hey, it is only 5 feet, but 5 feet is a grave site. Five feet is an eligible veteran not being interred when the family has need. And I also understand the importance of monuments.    And, Mr. Chairman, we have 451 group markers, my staff has let me know, in answer to your question. But the most important monument at that cemetery are the individual headstones that talk about that person and their service to the Nation. Whether it is the branch of service they are in, the war conflict they were in, that is the most important monument.    So we understand the request for monuments. We have other requests pending. We have five pending requests for additional monuments at Arlington now, and to try to balance the desires and needs of the various organizations, with our primary mission, that is the really difficult question you pointed out. That is a difficult issue. Our primary mission is to make sure that we can honor those who have passed and those we have not recovered. And so we----    Mr. Hallinan . We are protective of the space.