    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman.    Members of the Committee, religious freedom, of course, was one of the core principles upon which our Nation was founded. This freedom was important enough that protections against unwarranted government intrusion into religious practice was enshrined in the First Amendment to our Constitution, and that is also why, after the Supreme Court in Employment Division v. Smith eliminated the compelling interest test for scrutinizing free exercise clause claims, a bipartisan coalition helped to shepherd the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 into law to restore those earlier protections.    The act has successfully helped to protect religious liberty over the last generation, yet recent developments have been troubling for those of us who believe that exemptions from generally applicable laws shouldn't be used to undermine women's health or the guarantee of equal treatment under the law. Unfortunately, in my view, the Supreme Court subverted congressional intent and undermined the act's purpose in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby. In that decision, the court held that for-profit corporations were entitled to an exemption under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act from the Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate because of the corporate owner's religious objection to the mandate.    To reach that holding, the court had to conclude that the precedents governing the Free Exercise Clause prior to Smith no longer governed interpretations of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. That conclusion, to me, is contrary to what Congress intended when it passed the act. Indeed, the statute itself unambiguously made clear that its purpose was to restore the compelling interest test that applied to governmental burdens on the free exercise of religion prior to Smith.    Pre-Smith law was clear that commercial enterprises were not entitled to religious exemptions under the Free Exercise Clause. Also, as Justice Ginsburg noted in her strong dissent, no Constitutional tradition nor any prior decision interpreting this act allowed religious exemptions when such an accommodation harmed third parties. Yet that is exactly what happened in Hobby Lobby when the court denied contraceptive coverage to the company's women employees and shifted the costs of Hobby Lobby's religious accommodation onto those women.    A particularly troubling implication of the court's broad and unsupported interpretation of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is that for-profit commercial entities can now seek exemptions from other generally applicable laws, including anti-discrimination laws. This clear threat to anti-discrimination laws could include efforts by businesses to exempt themselves under State versions of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act from State and local laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender.    It could also manifest itself in efforts by for-profit businesses to exempt themselves from any Federal efforts to combat discrimination against members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities, such as President Obama's executive order prohibiting discrimination against such individuals who are employees of Federal contractors.    And notwithstanding the assurances of the court's Hobby Lobby majority, it is entirely possible that a business claiming a sincerely held religious belief, for example, in White supremacy, could justify exemptions from Federal civil rights laws.    At the very least, we in Congress must examine how the Religious Freedom Restoration Act can be amended to address the very problematic reasoning of the Hobby Lobby decision.    While there is broad bipartisan support for the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and for strong protection of religious liberty, we have to acknowledge that we live in a pluralistic and religiously diverse society.    The act was meant to protect all, not to favor some at others' expense, and so at a minimum, we here should amend the act to address third-party harm to make clear that pre-Smith Free Exercise Clause precedents apply and limit the act's interpretation.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Attorney Tebbe, do you agree that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act should not be used to carve out exemptions to our Nation's nondiscrimination laws?    Mr. Conyers. Uh-huh.    Let me turn to the three ways that were suggested to address deficiencies. ``Make RFRA inapplicable to commercial action'' is one of them.    Could you explain if it would help to ameliorate harm to third parties but acknowledge that this may be an incomplete solution?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Baylor, I wanted to ask you about whether a domestic violence shelter funded by taxpayer dollars and run by a religious institution would be permitted to deny services to a lesbian woman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much. That was a very insightful response.    And I yield back the balance of my time.