    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, thank you for being here with us today. Just so I understand, did you look at the issue of dairy at all or was that outside of the scope of your report?    Mr. Moolenaar. Just in the area of the United States and Canada, I know there is an issue involving dairy and maybe the structure of the dairy. Have you looked at that at all?    Mr. Moolenaar. And just from a structural standpoint in terms of our policy here in the United States it strikes me; you have different agencies kind of working in this sphere with respect to other nations and different organizations who are negotiating different agreements. You mentioned that some of those are difficult to enforce and sometimes it is cumbersome to work in that arena. Do you have any recommendations on either structural improvements that would help facilitate a policy by our country that would be more effective perhaps than we are doing now?    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. I want to thank our witnesses for being here today. Terrific information highlighting an issue of great importance. All the new trade deals that are being negotiated, all the drama associated with those sometimes causes us to lose sight of the previous agreements. It is my sense that those previous agreements were full of compromises and negotiations made on behalf of American farmers where they gave up concessions, where they gave into some things with the anticipation that the agreement would give them certain other things. If we don't enforce those other things, then they have been schnitzled, to borrow a West, Texas phrase.    Highlighting the importance of holding our trading partners to their agreements, there is nothing mean-spirited about that. Those agreements were negotiated in good faith, and they simply need to live up to their share of the deal just as we are going to live up to our side of the COOL issue. The WTO ruled against us, and we are going to take the steps necessary to fix that and come into compliance. We need to be holding our trading partners to their commitments across the board.    I know those decisions aren't necessarily made in a vacuum, but having you highlight the impact that has and the facts available allows us to be able to then highlight that with the bully pulpits each of us have. It will be helpful as we look at new trade deals, because if you are not going to enforce the current ones, then the folks who had to take a haircut under those current deals will not be too excited about future concessions that they might be asked to make in order to get to a broader deal.    So gentlemen, thank you very much for being here this morning. I appreciate both of you and your testimony. I appreciate my colleagues as well.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional materials as supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture is adjourned. Thank you.