    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing.    Thank you, Director Osuna, for being here today. You know, the 700,000 Texans that I represent who are certainly concerned about the impacts of illegal immigration in this country and what many see as an environment of lawlessness created by this Administration when it comes to the enforcement of our immigration laws and, frankly, the inefficiency of our immigration system. And one of the things that highlights that is a fact that was related by the Chairman, the fact that there are approximately 459,000 immigration cases waiting for action right now.    And, you know, it would appear that that type of backlog of cases really amounts to de facto amnesty, because a lot of individuals that are in this country, perhaps illegally, to remain here without any repercussion as their cases are stuck in administrative limbo. So I am anxious to hear some of your testimony today about your plans to reduce that backlog.    One of the cases that I want to ask about in terms of contributing to a backlog is one of the judges in the Houston immigration court, Judge Mimi Yam--are you familiar with Judge Yam?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Good. Over the past 5 years, there were a total of 24 months in which Judge Yam failed to issue a single ruling. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Ratcliffe. And why don't you relate for us what the issues are there?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, whether she is hearing cases at this time or not, she's been paid as an employee of the United States Government, and there have been long periods where while she's being paid to do that, she's been hearing cases but not ruling on cases.    To highlight that fact, she went as long as 7 months without issuing a single decision. And through May of this year, she's issued a total of, I think, 15 decisions, where over the same period of time, one of the judges right next door to her issued decisions in 700 cases. Can you see why in an oversight hearing like this the American people would be concerned about this type of inefficiency when it comes to ruling on our immigration cases?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So, Director, the backlog of cases is clearly well-documented. I understand that your office has shifted many of its resources to address the cases across our southern border, primarily after May 1, 2014. Would it be fair to say that the docket is primarily devoted to hearing cases involving minors and family units who were apprehended at the U.S. southern border as part of the surge?    Mr. Ratcliffe. I want to ask you about the timing in the few seconds left here. Director, would it be fair for me to say that there are presently thousands of unlawful aliens who won't have a hearing before an immigration judge for perhaps the next 5 or 6 years?    Mr. Ratcliffe. And because of that prioritization, as you've encapsulated for us, in some cases right now, that's 5 or 6 years?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired. I yield back.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding his time so I can follow up on a question, Director Osuna, I didn't have time to ask in my prior line of questioning, and that is this: What is the official policy for granting a continuance in an immigration case?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So we know that the standard is established by case law and precedent, but the inspector general report from 2012 cited frequent and lengthy continuances as the primary factor in this backlog that we have been talking about, of now almost a half million cases. You are aware of that fact?    Mr. Ratcliffe. And the fact that they cited that as a primary factor?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, to that point, the inspector general actually recommended that your office--and I want to quote this so I make sure I get it right, recommended your office, ``Analyze the reasons for the continuances and develop guidance that provides immigration judges with standards and guidelines for granting continuances to avoid these unnecessary delays.'' Do you remember that from the IG report?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Can you tell me what you've done to comply with that recommendation?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So is this having an impact on the number of continuances?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. So then let me ask you this question. Depending on the immigration case, the Department of Homeland Security provides sufficient evidence to find an individual in question is not entitled to admission to the United States, what's the role of the immigration judge?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Finds somebody is not entitled to admission.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, if the determination is made, the judge's role is actually to sustain the DHS charge of removability. Isn't that right?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So 121 convicted criminal aliens released by the Obama administration between 2010 and 2014 have been charged with homicide-related crimes. Were you aware of the fact that 33 of those individuals were released on bond at the discretion of your office after committing the original crime?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. And does that concern you?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Did you go back and review those cases?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. I yield back.