    Mr. RICE. Did you get the slide? The problem with this, Mr. Eisenbrey, you said just a minute ago that you know of several workers that worked themselves to the point of physical deterioration. This regulation, this new regulation from what I read in this memo here will affect 1.8 million people. And so I certainly do not want to see anybody overworked to the point of physical deterioration. But to say that that happens on such an isolated number of people and to dramatically affect the livelihoods, you know, the potential that their jobs will no longer exist for 1.8 million people, is such a dramatic overreach. And this Administration in six years has created more regulations than any administration since Johnson. In six years. And most of these presidents have had eight years. And the result of that is that household incomes are stagnant. They have actually dropped 8.7 percent since 2007. A lot of that was in the recession, but they have not come back. And there is a reason that they have not come back. It is because we are drowning these businesses in regulation. Between the Affordable Care Act, between the limit to access to capital under Dodd-Frank. All these things are well-intentioned. I mean, I am not saying they are not well intentioned. But they are significant constraints on small businesses. The fact is, according to Gallup--and she is working on the slides, and I did not get them to her until just now--for the last five years, more small businesses closed than have opened. And that is the result of this huge regulatory overreach. And this is just more icing on the cake.    Let me say one other thing. In reading this memo--and I am certainly no expert on this--but the Department of Labor--and I am not saying that we should abolish the Fair Labor Standards Act, and in your testimony that is what it sounded like you were trying to say. Nobody is suggesting that. What we are suggesting is that this is an enormous regulatory overreach to double this thing and make 40 percent of the salaried workers subject to it.    Do you know when the last time that occurred? Because this memo says, ``In 1958, the Department of Labor set the standard at 10 percent,'` and there has been 10 percent, the way I read this, for decades. Why would we suddenly go to 40 percent?    Mr. RICE. Well, when they set it at 10 percent in 1958 for the next 12 years, the American worker enjoyed some of the most prosperous times in our history.    Mr. RICE. And their standards of living shot through the roof.    Mr. RICE. And now we are going to pile more regulation on these businesses, and we are going to smother that very opportunity.    Mr. RICE. I want to go through these slides here. If you will look at this Mercatus Center slide, this is a graph of every administration since the Johnson administration, and you will see the very top name there is Barack Obama has added 120,000 new regulations on small businesses in six years. We still have two years to go. He has outpaced every other administration.    Next slide. Skip that slide. Skip that slide. Skip that slide. All right. Back one.    That is the business closings versus business startups, and you will see since 2010, the number of small businesses dissolved in this country has outpaced business formations. And you have got to understand, small businesses employ 70 percent of the workers in this country.    Next slide. Next slide.    This is the percentage of the American population in the workforce. There are more people outside the workforce now than since the numbers have ever been recorded because we continue to pile more and more cost and regulation. As of 2013, the Small Business Administration said the cost of regulatory compliance in this country amounts to $10,500 roughly per employee per year, and it seems to me this is going to be a huge cost, this proposal.    Next slide.    This is the median household income, which is exactly what you are hitting on. If you look at that blue line, you will see since 2007, median household income has actually dropped 8.7 percent. In the same time, energy cost, utility cost, and food cost have all increased and due largely to regulatory burden placed by the federal government. Now, one point that I have here is I understand the last time this threshold was adjusted was 2004. Median household income has actually dropped since 2004. How could we possibly think that it would be right to double the threshold from 2004 when median household income has dropped? It makes no sense to me.    I am sorry. My time is up. It was more of a statement than a question.    Mr. RICE. I do not have the median household income as of this moment in front of me, but I believe this level would be higher than the median household income in the country. And I know, I mean, here in Washington, D.C. versus where I am from in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, costs are vastly different. And an apartment that I am paying $2,000 a month for in Washington, D.C., would cost $600 in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. And food costs are different. And fuel costs are different. And every other cost. So to say that a ``one-size-fits-all'' across the country is something that is justifiable is absolutely absurd and ludicrous, and by any standard it is ridiculous. And to say that placing more regulation and cost on small business creates jobs is La-la Land. It is absolutely absurd and ridiculous.    You know, we have a very small sample here, and we have got a bureaucrat, so let us talk about our samples of employers.    Mr. Settles, in your business, would this generate business for you and would you hire more employees if your cost per employee went up? In violation of all economic principles that I understand, would you hire more employees?    Mr. RICE. And are there any other recent major federal laws that you are aware of that might encourage you to hire part-time versus full-time employees?    Mr. RICE. What would that be?    Mr. RICE. Yeah. So it seems that the Obama Administration is just on a direct course to let us force everybody in the country to part-time jobs.    Mr. Brady--and maybe that has something to do with the fact that, you know, wages have dropped 8.7 percent since 2007 and are not recovering. You know, maybe that has something to do with that. Mr. Brady, let me ask you, in your business, would the imposition of this regulation, or any other federal regulation that costs you $500 per employee, plus have an increased salary cost, would that somehow magically cause you to hire more employees? Or do you see that generating more income for your business?    Mr. RICE. Well, there is another hot-button thing that we are looking to, I mean, the Obama Administration is looking to heavily regulate. Be careful there, too.    Mr. RICE. Ms. Shea, do you anticipate under this regulation, or any other regulation that increase your cost per employee, do you think that would make you hire more employees or increase your income?    Mr. RICE. No, I do not think it would either.    Mr. RICE. That does not sound economically sound.    Would you please back up a slide or two here? Yeah, that one right there is the one I want.    I want you to look at that for a minute. You see this is since, what 1980, and you can see each recession in gray there, and you can see the result of every recession is a dramatic drop in employment, participation in the workforce. You can see, of course, the last recession was by far the deepest, and most erratic drop. Notice right after the recession what happens. In every case there is a huge snapback in employment, but you do not see that in this recession. I wonder why that is. Could it perhaps be all this additional regulation placed on these employers by the federal government? Could it perhaps be the Dodd-Frank law which limits access to capital and is stifling small business across our country? Could it perhaps be the Affordable Care Act which raises the cost per employee? And I think that this law is going to be one more nail in the coffin.    Could you back up another slide for me, please? Keep going. That slide right there.    I think that is the most telling slide, and the most scary thing, most scary fact that is occurring in this United States economy, and that is that more businesses are dissolving in our American economy than are being formed. Over five years in a row. And I do not think it has happened for one year since the Great Depression. This is a horrifying statistic, and it bodes very poorly for our children and our grandchildren. And if we do not get the federal government off the backs of small businesses, expect this not to turn around but to accelerate.    My time has expired.