    Mr. Curbelo. Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, thank you for yielding me time and, more importantly, thank you for holding a hearing on such an important topic as FEMA's role in the National Flood Insurance Program.    My south Florida district is almost completely surrounded by water, so this hearing is of particular importance to my constituents, which is why I am so proud to have with us today Mayor Heather Carruthers from Monroe County, Florida, on behalf of the National Association of Counties.    As the mayor of all of the Florida Keys, Ms. Carruthers brings to this hearing a unique insight on how flood insurance rates affect those who work and live in our coastal communities, not just those who come for vacation.    As a member of the Key West Chamber of Commerce, and as an instrumental founder of the Fair Insurance Rates in Monroe County, or FIRM, Mayor Carruthers has been an invaluable source of information to me and my staff, as we work together on addressing flood insurance rates and disaster mitigation. She is a steadfast leader in our community for working on behalf of her constituents and those residents who call the Keys home.    And fun fact: She has been a featured soloist with the Key West Pops and Island Opera Theatre. Also, recently, a charades partner with me--a very successful partnership, by the way, at a charity event--and, more importantly, Mayor Carruthers and her family recently welcomed a little boy to the world, Colin. So congratulations, and thank you so much for joining us today.    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, although Mr. DeFazio has, I think, dissected this issue very effectively, as he is known to do, I do have a couple questions.    And I first want to note I know a lot of communities throughout the country invest a lot in resiliency and mitigation, and that is certainly the case in the Florida Keys, and not just to mitigate against the risks of traditional flooding and disasters, which we are accustomed to in Florida, but Florida Keys is also leaning forward and thinking about climate change and rising sea levels--natural, when you live at sea level near the sea. So, I know just how much communities like the Florida Keys invest and dedicate resources to these efforts.    So, Mayor Carruthers, I want to ask you, these RPAs--and mitigation is important to this committee, I have actually filed legislation in support of Chairman Barletta to promote smarter mitigation throughout the country, but does anything in these RPAs in this policy scheme promote smarter mitigation policies that are making the Florida Keys less vulnerable?    Mr. Curbelo. And, Mr. Grimm, I want to ask you. NFIP in the Florida Keys is a way of life. It is just part of who we are. And I have an interest in representing my community and preserving a strong, robust, healthy NFIP. Do you fear that some of these policies could undermine NFIP and perhaps could ultimately encourage communities to opt out and weaken the program?    Mr. Curbelo. So do you perceive any threats to the NFIP as a result of these issues that we are encountering in Oregon and throughout the country?    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.