    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank both of you for being here and for your exceptional service to our country.    Mr. Secretary, I am going to make a point and then I have a couple of specific questions. You probably know this place better than any Secretary of the Army in modern history, and had you chosen a different route you would be in your last term probably as chairman of the House Armed Services Committee right now. So we are glad you are where you are at, but we would have liked you in either job. Kind of feel like we have a friend on the inside over there.    Mr. Cole. I appreciate very much the points that both of you made about sequester. You have been relentless, and appropriately so, in your effort to educate the Congress and the wider public to what the risks are, and I think you have performed a real public service in doing that.    And while I never believe a deal is done until it is done, we have a long way to go here, I would just offer this on a little bit more encouraging side. I look back a couple years and I see the Ryan-Murray deal, and that was a very important deal with respect to the entire budget, but certainly with respect to the military. And I look back at the CR/Omnibus last year, and that was a very bipartisan deal and it gave you a little bit of budget stability and certainty in this fiscal year.    I look at the budget yesterday and I compare it to the President's budget, I don't think either one of them are works of art, but amazingly they have about the same amount of money computed in different ways in them, which I take to be an encouraging sign that we are not that far apart in terms of where we think we need to be in the military.    And finally, I look at the totally unrelated item that we will deal with today in a bipartisan fashion on SGR, probably a big vote, lots of Democrats, lots of Republicans, getting rid of a problem that has been around here for almost 2 decades. That is a big deal, and it suggests to me that maybe for the first time in a while there are little cracks of light out there that suggest we might unthaw.    But I want you to keep doing what you are doing, because I think the stakes of making this change, getting out of sequester where the military's concerned, are extraordinarily important. And I see signs we are coming together, but it will probably be late in the fiscal year, or late in the calendar year more probably. The way this place works, deadlines tend to be alarm clocks around here. And I see some encouraging things in the Senate. So I think we may be moving in the right direction.    A specific, and it is parochial, but I think it is an important question servicewide, this is to you, General Odierno, I would very much like an update on where you think we are in the PIM modernization program, are we on schedule? Give me a report, if you would.    General Odierno. Yes, we are, and it is going very well. We have just done a prototype, which is very important, that is the next step. We are in the process now of competing to go to full rate production. It is a key program for us in the future. Our ability to provide fire support is going to be even more important. And the PIM provides us potentially more alternatives of how we use our artillery pieces in the future, and that is going to be key with the vast variety of threats that we are going to face.    And so I think for us it is absolutely essential. It is moving forward, it is on time, so far going very, very well, and we are very pleased with the program.    Mr. Cole. I just want to add, Mr. Chairman, because we do have some acquisition concerns, this is one that has been really well done by the Army and by the private sector, and we appreciate it very much.    One other parochial question. I would like, if you would, give us a kind of overview on where we are using Patriot, the PAC-3s right now. We have got obviously a Patriot training facility at Fort Sill now as well. But do you have the numbers that you need? I know we are using that asset quite a bit. We have got them deployed around the globe.    General Odierno. Our Patriot force structure is definitely high demand, low density. And, frankly, we are at a little over a one-to-one ratio. So we are deploying them quite extensively. The requirement for those to protect not only our forces, but some of our allies, the requirement continues to go up. And with the proliferation of ballistic missile technology, frankly, it is going to be a mission that we will continue to grow.    What we have to be able to do is we are working to make our systems more efficient and effective as we move forward. We have to continue to improve the missile, we have to continue to improve the command and control capacity of our Patriot system, and we are doing that and investing in that.    But it is one of our concerns that the Secretary and I have, is in fact that we are deploying these soldiers at a rate that is not sustainable. In fact, the CNO and myself have sent a memorandum to the Secretary of Defense talking about that we have to really take a hard look at our integrated air and missile defense programs and relook at and how we better manage it for the future and to modernize it, because it is going to continue to be an asset that is necessary.    Mr. Cole. Thank you.    And, Mr. Secretary, come up here some time for a cigar. I bet I would get Mr. Israel and I have to have bipartisan----