    Mr. Benishek. Good morning. The Subcommittee will come to order.    Thank you all for joining us for today's Subcommittee hearing, Choice Consolidation: Evaluating Eligibility Requirements for Care in the Community.    Today's hearing is our first of the new year, our first during the second session of the 114th Congress, and most importantly our first in a series of hearings that we will be holding on different aspects of the Department of Veterans Affairs' plan to consolidate care in the community under the Choice Program.    The VA currently uses seven mechanisms to provide care to veteran patients in the community. Each of these seven mechanisms works differently using seven different eligibility criteria, seven different reimbursement rates, seven different administrative processes, and seven different sets of business rules.    Recognizing that using multiple means to achieve the same end was confusing and inefficient, Congress required the VA to develop a plan to consolidate all seven community care programs under a single umbrella, a new, improved Choice Program.    The VA provided the bare bones of that plan last year and over the next several weeks, we will examine it in depth beginning with today's conversation on eligibility. Determining who will be eligible for what and when under the new Choice Program is perhaps the most important of all the discussions we will be holding over the next few months.    Eligibility for care in the community now is determined largely by how long veteran patients have to wait for an appointment, how far they have to drive to get to the nearest VA medical facility, and when they get there, whether the VA can provide the service that they need.    While these existing criterions are not perfect, VA's proposed plan does not change them significantly. The VA's plan does include several significant changes to eligibility criteria for emergent care, however, by authorizing veterans to seek care in urgent care centers and requiring cost sharing for emergency care services in non-VA centers in order to incentivize appropriate behavior.    I am cautiously supportive of the eligibility criteria that the VA has laid out in the consolidation plan, though I remain concerned about many of the lack of details that the plan includes.    Moving from seven disparate methods for referring veterans to community providers to one streamlined common-sense program is certainly necessarily, but changing the status quo is never easy. And as the saying goes, the devil is in the details, precious few of which the VA has provided so far.    That is why I am glad to be joined this morning by Dr. Baligh Yehia, the new Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Community Care, who is leading the VA's consolidation efforts. I am hopeful that Dr. Yehia will be able to provide us some of the concrete details about how the VA will determine eligibility under the new Choice Program that the plan did not include. And I am looking forward to that discussion.    I am also glad to be joined this morning by representatives from many of our veteran service organizations. As veteran advocates and veterans themselves, I look forward to hearing their unvarnished opinion about the proposed consolidation plan and whether they believe it will help us accomplish our most important goal which is increased access to high-quality care for veterans we are all here to serve.    I thank you all for being here this morning and now yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Brownley, for any opening statement she may have.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you.    Joining us on our first panel this morning is Adrian Atizado, the Deputy National Legislative Director for the Disabled American Veterans; Carl Blake, the Associate Executive Director of Paralyzed Veterans of America; and Duane Williams, Georgia Leadership, Fellow for the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. Thank you all for being here today, gentlemen.    Mr. Atizado, we will begin with you. Please proceed with your testimony.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Atizado.    Mr. Blake, you can go ahead.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Blake.    Mr. Williams, go ahead.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you. And thank you all for your statements. I am going to yield myself five minutes for my questions.    You know, as a doctor who took care of veterans in my private practice and with some VA coordination and also working at the VA doing care, many of the things that you brought up today, I have experienced in reality.    And the frustration of veterans that I hear from now, and the work that my staff does to try to get veterans into care is so frustrating. And having a single system that really is based on clinical need makes much more sense and I completely understand that.    And the whole difficulty with the criterion, I think is an effort to contain costs. One of my biggest gripes in my time here has been the inability to figure out what it actually costs the VA to take care of a patient. So, we don't know if care in the community is more expensive than care in the VA, frankly, although it seems to add more to the total cost.    But let me just ask a couple of questions that have come up based on your testimony and some of the written statements. The Military Officers Association of America, for example, called on the elimination of these access standards and the establishment of clinically-based access standards instead.    Can you elaborate a little bit more on your thoughts relating to that? I mean, the miles and the time versus what is clinically right, does anybody want to comment on that?    Mr. Atizado, can you talk to me a little bit more about some of the things you brought up in your statement?    Mr. Benishek. Well, I agree with you.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Blake.    Mr. Benishek. Well, my thoughts in talking to some of the VA administrators that I have talked to said that the different rules make their bureaucracy work so hard to try to get people to--one or the other, one of these criteria than we have now is just slowing the whole process down. And I think streamlining the eligibility would help in that regard because that is the biggest complaint I have had from the VA.    Mr. Williams, do you have any further comments on that?    Mr. Benishek. Thank you very much. I am out of time.    Ms. Brownley.    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Huelskamp, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Ruiz, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you.    Dr. Abraham, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you.    Mr. Bilirakis, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Coffman, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Wenstrup, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Dr. Wenstrup.    Does anyone else have a question for the panel?    I really appreciate all of you coming here to testify and I really welcome your input as this process goes forward to feel free to come before any of us with further ideas as we explore how to make this better. So I really appreciate that and you are hereby excused from the panel.    Thank you.    Joining us on the second panel from the Department of Veterans Affairs is Dr. Baligh--and I am struggling with your name, sorry, Doc--Yehia, the Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Community Care, and he is accompanied by Kristin Cunningham, the Director of Business Policy for the VA's Chief Business Office. Thank you both for being here.    Dr. Yehia, you may begin when you are ready.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Doctor. I will yield myself five minutes for questions.    So can you go into a little bit more detail about one of the big problems that we have of course is this emergency reimbursement issue. And, I mean, that happens all the time where a veteran goes to an urgent care clinic or the ER and the local hospital and then tries to get that approved and that is a pretty good example, I think.    So how specifically are you going to fix that problem?    Mr. Benishek. I understand your thoughts, but specifically how are you going to get the VA to be assured that they are going to be paid? Is there going to be a central number to call? I mean, your goal is, you want to make it right, but the reality of it is, it is not right now and you didn't tell me anything specifically that is going to make it right, from what I could understand.    Mr. Benishek. The question is, so is there somewhere in your plan that will allow a veteran to make a single phone call and find out? I mean, it doesn't sound like you have said anything that allows that uncertainty to go away.    Mr. Benishek. I am not sure that requires congressional action, I think it may be more of a bureaucratic solution.    I want to discuss this, one of the things you said in your statement, the distance and then how do you define unusual or excessive burden that may necessitate community care? Because that is a vague criterion. Can you tell me about that?    Mr. Benishek. All right, thank you. I am out of time.    Ms. Brownley, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Wenstrup, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thanks.    Mr. Takano, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. O'Rourke, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Ms. Kuster, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thanks, Ms. Kuster. And I reiterate or echo your feelings about this third-party administration thing and I realize that there was an urgency in getting the Choice started. I am going to ask a couple quick questions here too.    Do you know when the Choice fund is going to be depleted this year?    Mr. Benishek. Okay.    Mr. Benishek. Is the $2.1 billion estimate per year above current non-VA care costs expected to be the yearly program estimate going forward?    Mr. Benishek. Well, I mean, you estimated me $2 billion more, is that the estimate for yearly--    Mr. Benishek. So does the 2017-2018 budget request reflect the numbers that we have been talking about here? Isn't that coming out shortly?    Mr. Benishek. All right. Any other questions?    Thank you very much for your being here today, and you can look forward to some further questions from us as we go forward here. You are now excused.    I ask unanimous consent that all Members have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material.    And without objection, that is ordered.    The hearing is now adjourned. Thanks.