    Mr. Abramowitz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to Ranking Member Bass for convening this important hearing and for inviting me to testify.    I have a written statement and I ask that it be made part of the record.    Mr. Abramowitz. It's a pleasure to be here today representing Humanity United Action, a nonpartisan non-profit organization that along with its affiliated organization, Humanity United, is dedicated to bringing new approaches to global problems that have long been considered intractable.    Mr. Chairman, more than 15 years after the Palermo Protocol and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act at any given time more than 20 million workers and individuals are still estimated to be trapped in modern slavery. A strong Trafficking in Persons office at the Department of State with effective tools such as the Trafficking in Persons Report is a powerful catalyst for change.    But the TIP Report is only effective if the State Department ranks countries honestly. Last year, many of us in civil society expressed serious concerns that with some of the State Department's tier placement decisions, especially the upgrading of Malaysia and Uzbekistan, I would say the 2016 report is a mixed picture with some real disappointments, but is certainly better than last year.    First, the positive. By placing Burma and Uzbekistan in Tier 3, we believe that the State Department is starting to remedy some of last year's misguided decisions. The treatment of the Rohingya in Burma and the Uzbekistani Government official policy of forced labor fully justifies these decisions, as I note in my written testimony.    My testimony also describes how the State Department's decision to keep Qatar on the Tier 2 Watch List is another effective way to use the TIP Report to push for real change that will actually impact workers on the ground.    Unfortunately, this year's report has troubling flaws. Let me start with Malaysia. The State Department's upgrade of that country to the Tier 2 Watch List in 2015 was completely unjustified and remains so today.    More than a year after Malaysian police unearthed the remains of more than 130 human trafficking victims buried in mass graves, not a single Malaysian has been held accountable.    This is particularly of concern, given that the mass graves incident occurred fully within this year's reporting period. Moreover, recent news reports suggest that top government officials have been involved in the human trafficking scheme involving the country's immigration system. Similarly, no criminal charges have been brought.    As you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, earlier convictions may have gone up slightly from four last year to seven this year, but that number is still below the number of convictions in 2014 when Malaysia was downgraded to Tier 3 and the report itself acknowledges that there were fewer trafficking investigations and prosecutions last year with its pilot program for victims seeming to be sputtering to a halt.    While the State Department may have believed that an upgrade to the Tier 2 Watch List would encourage Malaysia to increase its concrete actions, that simply didn't happen.    Upgrading Thailand to Tier 2 Watch List was also unwarranted and points to the perils that the Malaysia upgrade created. I know, Mr. Chairman, that you thought that it was appropriate to upgrade Thailand but I think that we still have significant concerns.    Though the Thai Government has taken steps to improve some of its laws to address international concerns around human trafficking and forced labor, those reforms have not resulted in any meaningful improvement on the ground.    Implementation and enforcement of these laws remains a major weakness. As I indicated in my testimony, quoting from a Humanity United and Freedom Fund report, implementation of the new statutes has been inconsistent both in courts and at sea. Inspection systems are underfunded, plagued by corruption and constrained by inadequate vessel monitoring capabilities.    More importantly, inspectors have failed to identify victims of forced labor as they lack the resources and incentives to check crews and interview workers.    I'd ask, Mr. Chairman, that the full text of that report be included in the record.    Mr. Abramowitz. What's more, we've seen very troubling developments in the investigation of the discovery of mass graves on the Thai side of the border, which is concomitant with the Malaysian case.    The head of this investigation had to flee for his life and seek asylum in Australia after receiving threats from Thai police and military officials complicit in forced labor in the country.    This suggests that high-level Thai Government officials are involved.    Mr. Chairman, as you mentioned previously, I think we need to consider that the upgrade of Malaysia last year led directly to the upgrade of Thailand this year.    It may be that it was simply impossible to upgrade Malaysia and keep it on the Tier 2 Watch List this year and at the same time not upgrade Thailand.    Thailand's efforts were plainly insufficient, in our view, but they were greater than Malaysia's. Having decided to upgrade Malaysia and keep it on Tier 2 Watch List may have made it more difficult to keep Thailand on Tier 3 and maybe we can discuss this more during questions.    Unfortunately, the decision to upgrade Thailand and maintain Malaysia on the Watch List may deepen the perception that the Department applies the TIP Report standards unevenly.    I believe that the State Department, particularly the U.S. Embassies in Bangkok and Kuala Lumpor and the Department's East Asia and Pacific bureau must significantly increase their efforts to see real implementation of Thailand and Malaysia's legal frameworks and press for real impact.    I want to accentuate this point, Mr. Chairman. The Department's lack of focus on actual impact on the ground in sensitive countries has reached a point where Congress should step in.    One way Congress can address this is to require that any country that receives an upgrade shows concrete actions toward the implementation of their laws and demonstrate impact of these actions on the ground.    Developing a program to help survivors that doesn't work or establishing labor inspections that do not identify trafficking victims is simply not the impact the United States should expect.    Similarly, commitments to take action should not be a basis for having a country remain on a Tier 2 Watch List.    As you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, earlier, we have taken vague commitments and the promises to implement laws--new laws--in good faith too often and it is the victims of trafficking who pay the price for such misplaced trust.    Now is the time for Congress also to step in to ensure that in the future all governments that direct trafficking in persons or support forced labor through government policy should automatically be placed on Tier 3.    And before I close, Mr. Chairman, just addressing some of the issues that were raised on the United States, I think there can be no question that there is significant efforts that the U.S. is taking.    But there are a number of areas, as Congresswoman Bass pointed out, where we really need to look carefully. For example, on prosecutions, almost all the prosecutions were on sex trafficking.    Obviously, those crimes come up and they're easier to investigate. But we have small number of prosecutions and convictions on foreign labor trafficking.    As is mentioned in the report, some of the exchange programs are of concern. This is a potential controversial issue. But there have been ways in which the summer work program and some of the exchange programs have had serious problems.    There are also the issues with the unaccompanied alien children and the U.S. need to do more to make sure that the children are protected and also that perhaps we take steps to ensure that the root causes of some of that is addressed.    And finally, I think this issue of decriminalization is one that we need to continue thinking about. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act did authorize a diversion program so that children would not be put into jails.    But I think there are ways that we can think about doing better and making sure that they are actually not arrested in the first place. Obviously, that raises certain challenges. But I think we need to look at that carefully.    Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the invitation to testify and for both yours and for Ranking Member Bass' critical leadership in this issue and I look forward to working with you in the future and to your questions.    Thank you.    Mr. Abramowitz. I think that's a very important point, Mr. Chairman. In late May, early June the European Commission extended the yellow card.    I believe it was for an additional 6 months to determine whether Thailand was making progress on both the illegal unregulated and unreported fishing aspects which goes to sustainability as well as the forced labor issues, even though that is technically not part of the Commission's approach.    My concern is that I think that part of what spurred the Commission to take this action with respect to Thailand, which is driving some significant change in terms of at least the new frameworks, was the yellow card that they put on the importation of fish from Thailand and with the upgrade from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List I think the question is how will they look at it.    That is, the Tier 3 rating of Thailand, I think, gave the European Commission additional incentives to try to take action and now that it's been upgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List what will the commission do. I'm very concerned that they will also take the pressure off Thailand, which could lead to a very unsatisfying response from the Government of Thailand.    Mr. Abramowitz. Well Mr. Chairman, I think that there are those of our partner organizations that work in Cambodia and they believe that there has been some significant progress with respect to Cambodia and have been supportive of the Cambodia being raised to Tier 2.    That's primarily based, I think, on some of the success they have at least in terms of the monitoring they've done on some of the child sexual exploitation in Cambodia.    Nonetheless, I think that there are some significant issues. One is the one you just pointed out--corruption. I think that the--there continue to be challenges there.    A second issue is the question of trying to ensure that recruitment of Cambodians who work abroad in sort of a semi-official labor export program is done in a way that it doesn't create exploitation.    A lot of these problems originate in the sending county where the recruiters actually require additional fees for individuals. So there needs to be additional work there.    And I think overall Cambodia has to sustain the efforts that it's been doing and some of the progress that's been made.    Mr. Abramowitz. I have to say, Mr. Chairman, that I was a bit concerned by the Ambassador's response and also I think the overall framing.    So on one hand, the report--and the Ambassador also indicated this--suggests that there are problems with respect to the forced labor and these issues are being raised but it's not exactly clear what the scale of it, or that's what I heard was that it's obviously a problem but the scale, et cetera.    But then the number-one recommendation they have in the TIP Report this year is to end forced labor and government facilities outside of the penal sector.    So it seems to me that the Department is really recognizing that this challenge of forced labor, the in-government facilities pursuant to the government industries is a real serious problem. It's the number-one thing that should be fixed.    So I think that's one of the reasons among others that we have this proposal that's in the testimony to say that if there is government-sponsored forced labor a country should automatically be on Tier 3.    How is it that you can have a government that would have a policy of trying to have forced labor in its facilities, industries, et cetera, or in private, forcing individuals to go into private sector areas like in Uzbekistan and that they can be anything but Tier 3?    So I think that is one issue that I think we need to look at carefully.    The second is I think that there are difficult sensitivities with China, as you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, and I think that we need to start thinking about additional tools in addition to the TIP Report that is outside this framework to try to work on trying to improve their performance. So----    Mr. Abramowitz. So for example, as was discussed very briefly in response to Mr. Cicilline's questions we now have an improved tool with respect to prohibiting the importation of goods made with forced labor.    The Tariff Act of 1930 which previously was not available to really do anything because of this consumptive demand exception, which I believe you and your staff are familiar with, now that that's been eliminated you actually have a real authority to start enforcing the notion that goods that come into the United States should not be made with forced labor and our markets should not be open and have access to goods with forced labor.    Now, this has just been used for the first time in 16 years. Where was it used? Against China. And why? Because it was prison labor.    So I think that's a good signal to send but I think that we can expand the use of that authority to other areas where we know that forced labor is being used.    This would be a way of trying to target our efforts so it's not trying to undermine the entire relationship or et cetera but you can target specific wrongdoing by specific companies and I think that can send a strong message to the Government of China as well as other governments that they just can't keep on going with business as usual.    So I think that we have to kind of put the TIP Report in context and try to figure out where there are other ways that we can address some of the wrongdoing if some of the issues here become too difficult.    Mr. Abramowitz. I would say, first of all, Mr. Chairman, that as far as I understand it, the situation remains very problematic with the MOU with China, that if it's not identical to what it was it's very similar.    We were having a conversation with the customs and border protection staff about this and there was some indication that there really needs to be an effort with State to go back and renegotiate that MOU or try to find some other alternative channel for obtaining some of this information. And there was some conversations that we've been having with some of our Senate friends who are interested in trying to see how the Tariff Act can be implemented and I would say that Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio has a very strong interest in this issue and could be a good person to talk to you about how to try to see what we could do.    They have been following up on the task force on prison labor. This was established I think under an Executive order that may have come out about that time and my understanding is that the task force that's supposed to look at these issues with China in particular has not been very active and that there is, I think, an effort to try to spur additional examination of these issues. So that might also be a good way of trying to see what kind of activity it will generate.    Mr. Abramowitz. Well, Mr. Chairman, this of course has been an issue that we've been working on for decades now and UNHCR's difficult relationship with Beijing has really been an inhibitor to really making progress.    I wonder, Mr. Chairman, whether the existing refugee challenges that we're seeing around the world might create a new entry point for these issues. That is, you have these very large populations in all corners of the world. Human trafficking issues had become an important issue for UNHCR. Even with respect to the European space where we know that, there are challenges when it comes to vulnerable populations.    There has been some new attention on that and I wonder if there's a way to try to raise those issues and say look, you've been expressing these concerns in conflict zones and whether it's the Islamic State in Iraq and so on and their challenges or whether it's been in Europe where there's these large mass movements that have shown vulnerable populations where these trafficking issues--let's look back at China and see how we can try to make sure that everyone is accepting the same norms.    Mr. Abramowitz. Mr. Chairman, I have been following that debate in the European space the way you and your staff have. Obviously, sex tourism is a serious problem, particularly when it comes with respect to children.    I guess my thoughts on it are limited to the notion that we do have a situation here in the United States where after many, many years of efforts you and the other champions who have been working on this issue have got this legislation passed and enacted into statute here in the United States and I wonder if there's a way of trying to really track that data through the Justice Department and the State Department and others so that we can build a narrative around how this is having an impact and the countries' reactions to it.    I do think that it may appear different to Nordic countries once they're notified of sexual predators who are coming to their own country and that building up a case after some experience with the law here, even we have Ambassador Coppedge indicating that even the Cubans who, you know, their reservations about their--what they have been doing. I've been interested in following up on these issues and have been looking into it.    So I think that perhaps there's a way that over time there can be a stronger and stronger narrative that can be built and that the Nordics can see that this is something that could make a lot of sense and maybe there will be more cooperation.    Mr. Abramowitz. And I think--Mr. Chairman, I think that they're--you know the statistics are one thing but the stories are another. I think that my own experience from the outside, now that I'm in the advocacy world, having left the U.S. Government is that having the number of times and what happened and so on is very important, you need the hard information, the quantitative. But there's a qualitative end to it that, as you know, is so critical in terms of changing people's perspective. So trying to marry those up together and trying to devise a narrative where we can see that there are some individuals who clearly intended to do these kinds of misconduct when they're crimes, when they're abroad, and how this helps stop that I think could make some different in terms of those perspectives.    Mr. Abramowitz. So Mr. Chairman, I have to say that Cuba is not a country that we focused on in any detail. I have heard from those who do follow the Cuban situation a little bit more carefully, that based on their analysis of last year's report where they were upgraded from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List that there was very little action by the Cuban Government. It more fell into this category of promises that they were making and commitments they were making to engage more with this issue and that was the primary basis, if you just look at the text of the report itself.    And I think that this goes to this issue of we have to really think about--and I'm sure you may remember that there are times where I have raised concerns about reopening standards within the TVPA for tier placement because, of course, that's like opening up the Constitution of the United States--who knows where it would go.    But I think that that's why I really think that Congress should consider looking at ways to try to focus more on impact, particularly on that upgrading from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List. What are the actions that they're taking and what impact is it having on the ground, because I don't really see anything in the 2015 or more specifically to the subject of this hearing in the 2016 narrative that really shows the kind of actions that are going to create impact on the ground.    I, myself, was a bit taken aback when I read the Cuba narrative and leading up to this hearing, knowing that this might be an issue with respect to really the very clear statement that for issues around forced labor are just not dealt with at all in Cuba.    As important as sex trafficking may be and issues around the tourist industry that may be the case in Cuba, there really needs to be a framework for addressing forced labor issues.    I will say that as I understand it there are some different views about the medical missions and even apparently some of the ways in which Cuba brings younger individuals into the fields to do some agricultural work and as to whether that is really forced labor or not and it appears that there has been an inconsistent view that the State Department has taken from year to year. I think that was a basis in previous years as to why they were on Tier 3.    I noted Congressman Bass' concerns that perhaps the Tier 3 status at that time and before the opening that the Obama administration has led was really political too.    But I think there were some serious concerns that have been raised in the past regarding those programs as to whether they amounted to forced labor.    So I think that there may be a role in trying to get some additional documentation on those programs and get into them a little bit more to try to clarify whether they really fit into that category of state-sponsored forced labor because if they are then, as I said, I think that's a really strong basis for saying, you know, that Cuba and any country that is involved in a policy of forced labor or exploitation should only be on Tier 3.    Mr. Abramowitz. Well, Mr. Chairman, I think that, you know, the question of India has been a perennial question that we've discussed in the past. Clearly, the Indian Government is taking steps. But should they really be on Tier 2, given the huge scale of forced labor that's in the country? I've been particularly concerned about reports with respect to India that they are not allowing individuals to travel who have been conferred the T Visas as a derivative of those who are victims in the United States.    So I think India is a country that we should be looking at. I think that, you know, Ghana is a country that, while it was kept on the Tier 2 Watch List this year I think continues to bear, you know, some examination.    I haven't had a chance to look through all the ratings but I think that as we go forward as we head toward the 2017 Report, looking at the things that are happening now, these issues around what are--what are the countries that have been on the Tier 2 Watch List for 4 years or this is the 4th year, really do an analysis of those and start early on collecting information on those countries to ensure that we're prepared to give the right information and really see whether in this sort of final year on the Watch List for the 4th year that they're going to actually take serious steps that really will have impact.    So I'm going to be doing some analysis with my friends on that and would be happy discuss it with you and your staff as to what are some of the key countries we should be having a special eye on as we go forward.    Mr. Abramowitz. Well, Mr. Chairman, I just want to say thank you for your leadership on these issues and raising these issues. It's not always easy to raise an issue like human trafficking with the Prime Minister of a major country like India. But, you know, we really congratulate you on all your continuing serious work and the way the subcommittee and Congresswoman Bass has taken this issue very seriously and we look forward to working with all of you to try to see what further progress we can make on this issue.