    Ms. Archuleta. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I am here today to talk to you about two successful intrusions into OPM's systems and data. But first I want to deliver a message to Federal employees, retirees, and their families. The security of their personnel data is of paramount importance. We are committed to full and complete investigation of these incidents and are taking actions to mitigate vulnerabilities exposed by their intrusions.    When I was sworn in as Director 18 months ago, I recognized that in order to build and manage an engaged, inclusive and well-trained workforce, that we would need a thorough assessment of the state of information technology at OPM. I immediately became aware of vulnerabilities in our aging legacy systems and I made the modernization and the security of our network one of my top priorities.    Government and non-government entities are under constant attack by evolving and advanced persistent threats and criminal actors. These adversaries are sophisticated, well-funded, and focused. These attacks will not stop. If anything, they will increase.    Within the last year, we have undertaken an aggressive effort to update our cybersecurity posture, adding numerous tools and capabilities to our networks. As a result, in April of 2015, an intrusion that predated the adoption of these security controls was detected. We immediately contacted the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI, and together with these partners, initiated an investigation to determine the scope and the impact of the intrusion. In May, the interagency incident response team concluded that the exposure of personnel records had occurred, and notifications to affected individuals began on June 8th and will continue through June 19th.    As part of our ongoing notification process, we are continuing to learn more about the systems that contributed to individuals' data potentially being compromised. These individuals were included in the previously identified population of approximately 4 million individuals and are being appropriately notified. For example, we have now confirmed that any Federal employee from across all branches of government whose organization submitted service history records to OPM may have been compromised, even if their full personnel file is not stored on OPM's system.    During the course of the ongoing investigation, the interagency incident response team concluded later in May that additional systems were likely compromised. This separate incident, which also predated deployment of our new security tools and capabilities, remains under investigation by OPM and our interagency partners.    However, there is a high degree of confidence that systems related to background investigations of current, former and prospective Federal Government employees and those for whom a Federal background investigation was conducted may have been exfiltrated. While we have not yet determined its scope or its impact, we are committed to notifying those individuals whose information may have been compromised as soon as practicable.    Throughout these investigations, we have provided regular updates to congressional leadership and the relevant committees of these incidents. But for the fact that we implemented new, more stringent security tools, we would have never known that malicious activity had previously existed on that network and would not have been able to share that information for the protection of the rest of the Federal Government.    In response to these incidents and working with our partners at DHS, we have immediately implemented additional security measures to protect sensitive information and to take steps toward building a simplified, modern, and flexible network structure. We continue to execute on our aggressive plan to modernize OPM's platform and bolster security tools.    Our 2016 budget request includes an additional $21 million above 2015 funding levels to further the support of the modernization of our IT infrastructure, which is critical to protecting data from the persistent adversaries we face. This funding will help us sustain the network security upgrades and maintenance initiated in fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 to improve our cyber posture, including advanced tools such as database encryption, stronger firewalls, storage devices, and masking software. The funding will also support the redesign of OPM's legacy network.    Thank you for this opportunity to testify today and I am happy to address any questions you may have.    Ms. Archuleta. During the course of the ongoing investigation into the cyber intrusion of OPM, the compromise of personnel records of current and former Federal employees that we announced last week, that number is approximately 4.2 million. In addition, in the investigation of that breach, we discovered, as I mentioned in my testimony, an additional OPM system was compromised, and these systems included information based on the background investigations of current, former, and prospective Federal Government employees, as well as other individuals.    Because different agencies feed into OPM background investigation systems in different ways, we are working with the agencies right now to determine how many of their employees were affected. We do not have that number at this time, but we will get back to you once we have more information.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said before, we do not have an estimate because this is an ongoing investigation.    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chaffetz. I would have to respond again because it is an ongoing investigation----    Ms. Archuleta. The legacy systems date back to 1985, but I do not----    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir, that would not be correct.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, this is an ongoing investigation.    Ms. Archuleta. I would be glad to discuss that in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. Again, I would be glad to discuss that in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. I would be glad to discuss that in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. The individuals who have completed an SF 86 may be included in that, and we can provide additional information in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. The encryption is one of the many tools that systems can use. I will look to my colleagues at DHS for their response.    Ms. Archuleta. Data information encryption is valuable----    Ms. Archuleta. Accordingly, OPM does utilize encryption----    Ms. Archuleta. An adversary possessing proper credentials can often decrypt data. It is not feasible to implement on networks that are too old. The limitations on encryptions are effectiveness is why OPM is taking other steps such as limiting administrator's accounts and requiring multi-factor authentication.    Ms. Archuleta. I appreciate the report by the IG. We work very closely with our IG and take very seriously----    Ms. Archuleta. I would like to turn that over to my colleague.    Ms. Archuleta. There are many responsibilities we have with our data, and to shut down the system we need to consider all of the responsibilities we have with the use of our systems.    Ms. Archuleta. As the director of OPM, I have to take into consideration all of the work that we must do. It was my decision that we would not, but continue to develop the system and making sure that we have the security within those systems.    Ms. Archuleta. The recommendation to close down our systems came after the adversaries were already in our network.    Ms. Archuleta. It was as a result of our security systems that we were able to detect this intrusion.    Ms. Archuleta. We detected the intrusion in April.    Ms. Archuleta. Of 2015.    Ms. Archuleta. No, we did not. We did not have the security systems installed at that time. It was because we were able to add those security systems that we were able to detect.    Ms. Archuleta. OPM detected the intrusion.    Ms. Archuleta. That is correct.    Ms. Archuleta. There is a rolling number as we work from the first date of notification, January 8th, we will complete the notification to 4.2 million by June 19th. I am sorry I don't have the exact number as of today. I would be glad to get that information for you.    Ms. Archuleta. I do give her that same amount of credit, sir. When I began my tenure as the Director of OPM, one of my first priorities was to develop an IT strategic plan and to develop the important pillar of cybersecurity within our systems. We have worked very hard since that time, and as we update these legacy systems it is important that we recognize that there is a persistent and aggressive effort on the part of these actors to not only intrude in our system, but systems throughout government and, indeed, in the private sector.    Ms. Archuleta. I would note that in the IG's report that he acknowledges the fact that we have taken important steps in reforming our IT systems. Advanced tools take time.    Ms. Archuleta. Cybersecurity problems take decades.    Ms. Archuleta. I am sorry, cybersecurity problems are decades in the making. The whole of government is responsible, and it will take all of us to solve the issue and continue to work on them. My leadership with OPM is one that instigated the improvements and changes that recognized the attack.    Ms. Archuleta. I was sworn in in November 2013.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you for your question.    As I mentioned earlier, one of the first things that we did, or I did, for OPM was to develop, within 100 days, an IT strategic plan, and the issues that the IG just mentioned, in terms of IT governance and IT leadership, as well as IT architecture, IT agility, IT data, and IT cybersecurity, were all strong components of this IT plan; and the IG recognized those steps and the strategic plan that we developed.    Ms. Archuleta. As we were instituting the improvements that we were making, he was also, at the same time, conducting his audit. His audit was conducted in the summer of 2014, when we were beginning to implement our strategic plan, and the IG has continued to work with us and we have taken his recommendations very seriously.    Ms. Archuleta. We have implemented many of them and are in the process of implementing others.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, sir, I have implemented many of them and continue to work----    Ms. Archuleta. We are looking at each of those recommendations very seriously.    Ms. Archuleta. We are working very closely with the IG to----    Ms. Archuleta. We house a variety of data, not just data on employee personnel files. We also house health care data; we employ other records, and the result----    Ms. Archuleta. In our opinion, we were not able to shut it down in view of all of the responsibilities we hold at OPM. We do take seriously----    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, the recommendations that the IG gave to us are ones that we take very seriously, sir. I don't want to characterize that we didn't. In fact, we did take them in ongoing conversations.    Ms. Archuleta. OPM is in the process of----    Ms. Archuleta. I don't believe that the Social Security----    Ms. Archuleta. No, they were not encrypted.    Ms. Archuleta. I don't have the specific recommendations in front of me, and I would be very glad to come back and talk about that.    Ms. Archuleta. But what I would like to say, sir, is that as we look at the recommendations by the IG, we work with him so that he can fully understand where we have moved in our security efforts and also to understand his observations. And that is the normal audit process and we continue to go through that with him and update him on a regular basis.    Ms. Archuleta. I appreciate all of the information and the recommendations that the IG has given us, and we will continue to work with him----    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, we are working with a legacy system.    Ms. Archuleta. As to the recommendations that he has made to us, we are working through those to the best of our ability.    Ms. Archuleta. Not your health records, but the information regarding your health carrier is the information that we receive and who you would include in the----    Ms. Archuleta. No, not your health----    Ms. Archuleta. No.    Ms. Archuleta. Exactly.    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, I am not a Federal investigator and I am not familiar with all of the precise data that is in those.    Ms. Archuleta. We discovered the breach in April of 2015.    Ms. Archuleta. We suspected it happened earlier in 2014.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. I can't make a comment on attribution.    Ms. Archuleta. The period between when we believe the breach occurred and our discovery, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. At that time, the data was not encrypted, and as Dr. Ozment has indicated, encryption may not have been a valuable tool in this particular breach. As I said earlier, we are working closely to determine what sorts of additional tools we can put into our system to prevent further breaches.    Ms. Archuleta. I would turn to my colleagues from DHS to determine the use of encryption, but I will say that it was not encrypted at the time of the breach.    Ms. Archuleta. I believe that the CIO is responsible for the implementation of a solid plan and I believe that my CIO has been doing that. We are working with a legacy system that is decades old, and we are using all of our financial and human resources to improve that system. Cybersecurity is a government-wide effort and we all must work together to improve the systems that we have government-wide.    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you for your question. In my opening statement I described two incidences.    Ms. Archuleta. No. Because of the two incidents, the first incident is 4.2 million, and an ongoing investigation led us to understand that the Federal investigative background checks----    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. What we can do with the contractors that we engage is to make sure that they have the security systems that match the Federal Government's and that they are using the same sort of types of systems.    I want to be sure that I understand your question. The contractors that we employ as individuals or as companies    Ms. Archuleta. In our contracts with the companies, we are now working to make sure that they are adhering to the same standards that we have in Federal Government, as outlined in our rules.    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, as I mentioned before, there are numerous priorities that go into employee safety and security, including making sure that our retirees receive their benefits or that our employees get paid. There are numerous considerations that we had to----    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. The systems that the IG referred to in our plan, those systems that he recommended that we shut down, he recommended that we shut them down because they were without authorization. All of our systems are now authorized and they are operating.    I have to say that we are looking at systems that are very, very old, and we can take a look at encryption and other steps that could be taken, and certainly we are doing that, but as we look at this system, we are also having to deal with decades of----    Ms. Archuleta. We have implemented multiple factors. Ms. Seymour has mentioned multi-factor authentication with our remote users and are working now.    Ms. Archuleta. This began in January of 2015.    Ms. Archuleta. Prior to the time of the two-factor authentication, obviously, it takes time to implement all of these tools. I am as distressed as you are about how long these systems have gone neglected when they have needed much resources, and it is in my administration that we have put those resources to it. We have to act quickly, which we are doing, and we are also working with our partners across government.    As I said before, cybersecurity is an issue that all of us need to address across the Federal Government.    Ms. Archuleta. I am sorry, sir, would you repeat the question?    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, it was a priority, sir, but as I said before, legacy system, it takes time.    Ms. Archuleta. I accept responsibility for the administration of OPM and the important role of our IT systems in delivering the services, and I take very seriously my responsibilities in overseeing the improvements to a decades-old legacy system.    Ms. Archuleta. I think that would be better answered in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. My CIO team works 24/7.    Ms. Archuleta. I am very proud of the employees that are working on this issue, and they have been working 24/7.    Ms. Archuleta. Their careers. They may have been in a different position earlier than perhaps as they move around Government, so it may be someone whose current job would not be in the system, but because of their service history their information would be dated back, and it is for retirement purposes.    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, this type of information would be better discussed in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. As I mentioned earlier, I believe that this is something that we could respond to in a classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, we will discuss this with you in the classified setting.    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, we will be able to discuss that with you during the classified session.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir. Again, those are issues that we will be able to discuss in the classified hearing.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir.