    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the panel for being here. And though this cuts into some of my questioning time, I think it is important that I express real concern, and even offense, at some of the Statements that are being made. I hope it comes from emotion, and not from the heart of hearts, that any party is attempting to quash and take away the rights that are given to all citizens of this Country, all legal citizens of this Country, regardless of color, race, creed, origin, gender. That is not happening with any of my support, and I know my colleagues as well.    I also say that that is offensive to those legal and documented aliens who serve in my communities well in providing services on farms, in hospitality, in construction, in IT, and all sorts of things that are extremely important to us, and yet they are doing it legally.    I say it as a proud father-in-law of a Rwandan who is here on an appropriate legal visa in the United States right now that expires in April, and he, with my daughter, will be going back to their home in Uganda. I say it as well based upon the fact that this hearing is important not so much even for the issues of voting, but the issue of constitutionality and the strength of our Constitution, a Constitution that a legal constitutional scholar, our President, Stated 22 times he did not have the power to do this executive order, and then he did it. This is a constitutional crisis that we are dealing with and this is one of the issues that has resulted from that constitutional crisis.    So I make that Statement. I believe it is important for us to make sure that is on the record as well, that we want to see this Country move forward legally, and all citizens, all legals that are here are treated justly and fairly.    Mr. von Spakovsky, how big do you think this problem is?    Mr. von Spakovsky. Well, it is really hard for us to know because there is no systematic verification of citizenship status across the Country; we can only get a rough idea of it.    Mr. Walberg. There is no way to quantify it?    Mr. von Spakovsky. No. But that is why, for example, I cited the GAO report, where they found that 3 percent of people called for Federal jury duty, and those come from voter registration lists, so 3 percent of 30,000 were excused from jury duty under oath because they were not U.S. citizens. That gives you a flavor of it.    I would remind this committee that in 1996 this committee issued a report investigating an election contest in California, one congressional race won by less than 1,000 votes, and in that one congressional race, after comparing INS records with voting records, this committee found that there were 624 non-citizens, clear evidence, who had voted illegally in that congressional race, and another 192 where there was circumstantial evidence that they were not U.S. citizens. Now, the race wasn't overturned, but this is just one investigation 20 years ago that found hundreds of non-citizens who had voted in a congressional race in California.    Mr. Walberg. And it is likely to increase in its problem exponentially?    Mr. von Spakovsky. I believe so because now individuals who are here illegally are going to be legally obtaining Social Security numbers and driver's licenses, which are key documents in order to get registered to vote, according to the law that Congress itself passed in 2007, the Help America Vote Act.    Mr. Walberg. In your opinion, how do we prevent or stop non-citizen voter registration or voter fraud? Does Congress need to change the law?    Mr. von Spakovsky. Yes. I think what Secretary Husted has said about getting access to the DHS data base on everyone given deferred action, for example, so they have their name, the last four digits of a Social Security number, and a birth date so they can start verifying that. That is the first step. The other thing you should do is require all Federal courts to notify State election officials when someone is called for jury duty and they are excused because they are not a U.S. citizen. They are not doing that right now. That is just a basic step.    Mr. Walberg. So are there existing laws that could be enforced that aren't right now that would assist in this problem?    Mr. von Spakovsky. Yes. I would tell you I spoke to a former election official just this week, and he said that while DHS has finally started complying with the Federal law that requires them to verify citizenship information when they get inquiries from State election officials, that they put up all kinds of burdensome red tape to make it difficult. The current system is slow and cumbersome, and he highly recommended that DHS work with State election officials to set up a better, quicker system.    Mr. Walberg. Thank you.