    Mr. Alles. Good morning, Chairman McSally and Ranking Member Higgins and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss the role of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection's Air and Marine Operations.    AMO is participating in the securing of our Nation's borders. We are a critical component of CBP's border security mission. We secure our Nation from transnational threats, including terrorism, weapons and drug smuggling, and other illicit activities to our 4 core competencies--interdiction, investigation, domain awareness, and contingencies in National taskings. Based at our 74 locations Nation-wide, AMO detects and interdicts the unlawful movement of people, illegal drugs, and contraband toward and across the air border and the maritime approaches and within the Nation's interior.    Our greatest asset is our people, from front-line to support personnel. Of note is our cadre of experienced agents. Our air and marine agents average 17 years of experience; 63 percent are military veterans. I am sure the entire committee can understand the importance of experienced pilots. But the Chairman, I think, as an aviator, you, in particular, will appreciate that our air interdiction agents average over 5,000 hours of total flight time.    These agents are trained and empowered to conduct investigations, serve warrants, and make arrests under a broad range of authorities. They operate a fleet of specially-equipped aircraft, marine patrol and interdiction vessels, and an array of advanced surveillance technologies.    Much of our effort is aimed toward border security. We flew the majority of our flight hours in fiscal year 2015 in close partnership with the U.S. Border Patrol.    We are having an impact. For instance, as we increased our flight hours in Arizona over the last 3 years, we have seen a corresponding decrease in apprehensions. Across our entire program, AMO contributed to more than 4,000 arrests, 50,000 apprehensions, the interdiction of 230,000 pounds of cocaine, and the seizure of $49 million in fiscal year 2015.    We also participate in joint operations with a variety of Federal partners. It includes the Coast Guard, the United State Navy. We conduct counternarcotic operations in the southeast coastal and source and transit zones of Central and South America.    We are the leading provider of airborne detection and monitoring to the Joint Interagency Task Force-South, based out of Key West. We also provide direct assistance to partner nations with shared interest in border security, most notably Mexico and Canada.    AMO has been extensively involved in planning and development of all three of the DHS Southern Border and Approaches Campaign JTF, Joint Task Force. In particular, AMO holds a deputy director's position with Joint Task Force-East in Portsmouth, Virginia, which is responsible for the southeast maritime approaches to the United States.    Air and Marine agents also bring their unique skill sets and knowledge of the air and maritime environment to various regional task forces, such as ICE-led Border Enforcement Security Task Force, more commonly called BEST. AMO operates the Air and Marine Operations Center in Riverside, California, a state-of-the-art law enforcement domain awareness center. AMOC uses advanced surveillance systems and intelligence databases to detect threats to the homeland and coordinate their interdiction. In fiscal year 2015, AMOC evaluated almost half a million air tracks with a 99.99 successful resolution rate.    Over the last 10 years, AMO has aligned and deployed our limited resources in response to regional illegal activity with the focus on increasing effectiveness. Our approach is not only informed by analysis of trends in illegal activity, but also an assessment of our assets' effectiveness and rate of return. This method informs our effective use of personnel in our diverse mission sets. Implementing this concept is critical to the effective use of resources Congress and the American people have come to expect from Air and Marine Operations.    Moving forward, we will continue to work with our partners to enhance our detection, investigation, and interdiction capabilities to address emerging threats and to protect American security interests along the Nation's borders in source and transit zones, in our customs waters, and within the Nation's interior.    Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Higgins, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to testify today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Alles. Sure. I think, first off, what I would comment on is the Department of Defense has overall been shifting away from nontraditional missions. So while their budget has shrunk by $110 billion here over the past 4 years, and we have seen them move away from transit zone missions, the Tethered Aerostat Radar System was passed to DHS, if we wanted to continue to operate it, we would have to take it on board. So they moved away from these nontraditional mission sets.    In the mean time, as they are doing that, we are upping our participation, our flight hours in the south Texas area. So it increased our personnel by 50 percent in the McAllen-Laredo area and it added 83 percent to our flight hours. So most of the delta that you would lose in Phalanx, we were making up in Air and Marine Operations. We will continue to up those rates inside Laredo and McAllen as the years go on. So we are actually adding hours to our program to make up for those.    Mr. Alles. That is correct, yes, sir.    Mr. Alles. I mean, clearly, I will be happy to take 3,800 more flight hours, if that is the question, sir.    Mr. Alles. I will just comment that we put more assets out there in terms of the multi-role enforcement and tried to patrol the offshore in California. So that aircraft as we are buying it, it is currently being procured, has helped us increase our density for maritime domain awareness.    It is still a problem out there. Though the pangas in many ways has dropped off, we still have a lot of concerns with what I will call legitimate conveyances. So if a lot of drugs are being moved or contraband are being moved in, basically, your mom and dad's cabin cruiser, obviously, it is an illegal activity, but you don't know it just by the vehicle itself. Where a panga, obviously, is just made for illegal activity. So that is more obvious.    So that goes back to what Chief Vitiello mentioned in terms of higher cooperation with these border task forces, with Border Patrol, with ICE, with the other partners that are working in both the State, local, Federal to develop the information sources so we know where to interdict those vessels.    Mr. Alles. Yes, ma'am. Absolutely.    Mr. Alles. Right. All that cooperation is critical to us. The State and local is very critical to us.    Mr. Alles. You might want to comment.    Mr. Alles. I would just mention they are critical really at the medium range. So we have near-shore vessels that work inside the 12-mile limit basically. Their cutters are really what work at extended range to do the interdiction. So without them, and we have very high cooperation with them in terms of patrols, that is a missing component if they are not doing well.    Mr. Alles. So I think, overall, and particularly in Arizona, we have seen quite a large gain in situational awareness by using the VADER system.    So the system, if the dismount--so VADER, for those who are not aware, is a dismounted radar, basically. It tracks people who are walking on the ground. It has about over a 95 percent effectiveness rate if they are in the field of view of the radar and they are moving on the ground. So that is quite high. The numbers we continually--you know, on an average year, we will get in about 8,500, 9,000 detections off the VADER system, which is quite good considering the areas we use it in and the amount of time we have available.    So it has been a good tool for us in terms of situational awareness, particularly in Arizona. It is now being moved into the south Texas area, so we are working with the Border Patrol in terms of implementation there. That is still a work in progress, working with the sector people to employ it most effectively.    Then I would comment, on the manned side, the Army has deployed the system on manned aircraft. I think they have 5 of them, is what they told me. So that is a possibility.    We looked at the endurance time, the dwell time of the system and the cost of putting it on a manned aircraft. It could be done. We, at this point, prefer to move towards effectiveness on the Predator system, overcoming more of the weather challenges, the basing challenges with the system to get more hours out of the airframe than actually moving down the road to a new airframe. It would go on our MEA aircraft, if we chose to do that----    Mr. Alles . But right now we have moved down primarily the Predator route.    Mr. Alles. I would just say that one thing we looked at was kind of what I will call a ``VADER light'' to go on some of our smaller aircraft.    Mr. Alles. So the VADER on the larger Predator would be able to target smaller aircraft to a more localized vicinity based on movement they see. That is what we have been looking at lately.    Mr. Alles. I would just comment that, particularly on the Northern Border, we have focused the cooperation between Customs and Border Protection, other Federal, State, and locals as a critical piece. It is a large border. You know, trying to find isolated activity is very difficult. You can't do that without information or intelligence.    So that has been our primary focus, is to focus in those areas. We have seen, actually, good results over the past 3 years as a result of taking that approach, in terms of focusing more with those agencies on investigations or source information or the kinds of things that indicate criminal activity and then interdicting that activity.    Mr. Alles. I would agree on the combination but also highlight that, I mean, who we are trying to apprehend or arrest is a thinking person, so the agents are a key part of this. How they are trained and how they respond, I think, is very critical.    Mr. Alles. So it definitely is something we are looking at. I mean, right now, the hold-up has been FAA rules. So we have no rules yet to operate those systems. When we do, we want to do a pilot with the Border Patrol. I think it would be advantageous in certain areas.    I would remark, since I used these things in the Marine Corps, they have attacks. I mean, someone has to fly the platform, and it is not as self-sufficient as probably----    Mr. Alles . The contractor advertises. However, I do think it has advantages. We have talked with them extensively about special operations use or maybe even just general line use. So I think that is the way we will progress in the future.    Mr. Alles. Right.    Mr. Alles. No, I think so.    I was going to comment, too, on the comments about apprehensions close to the border. Be aware that as we use the VADER system we are actually tracking in Mexico, and that information is being passed. So the intent is to interdict as close to the line as possible. So that is a regular occurrence daily out there in Arizona.