    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Chairwoman Ramirez, for being here.    H.R. 5092, the Reinforcing American-Made Products Act, would establish a national standard on marketing products made domestically with the label ``Made in USA''. The bill aims to provide that consistency and clarity for manufacturers and businesses and, hopefully, for consumers as well. It would also help manufacturers avoid legal risk and additional regulations caused by conflicting labeling requirements for individual states and, thereby, I believe, help consumers by reducing those costs.    And I certainly appreciate the work that the Commission has done to develop its guidance on made-in-USA labeling. The FTC has worked with American manufacturers to ensure they understand what it means to source all or virtually all of their inputs domestically. As you noted in your testimony, the FTC standard is based on consumer understanding, and this is the touchstone that matters most because the purpose of the label is to inform rather than to confuse consumers.    What is the danger in having differing standards throughout the United States on made-in-USA labeling?    Mr. Harper. Of course, the word I used was ``danger''. Had I said ``impact,'' maybe that would have been a better word. But doesn't that create, by having different standards in different states, that is what you believe this would improve on?    Mr. Harper. So you are saying play an active role based on a single standard?    Mr. Harper. A uniform standard? Versus having all the different states with different impacts that may be in compliance or differing from what FTC would prefer?    Mr. Harper. If states begin legislating in this area, what happens if they conflict and compliance with one means being out of compliance with another?    Mr. Harper. The Commission has brought a mandate to enforce all deceptive marketing practices, not just those dedicated to made-in-USA labeling. Fortunately, however, the Commission has dedicated a fair amount of resources to this issue. The Commission brought a complaint against a company in February for deceptive marketing with a made-in-USA label. Continuing to ensure that companies are playing by the rules is important to guarantee that consumers can rely on made-in-USA labeling. Is the Commission committed to continuing its robust enforcement on this issue?    Mr. Harper. I certainly appreciate your time here. I guess one of the concerns that we would have, as we look at your suggestion on this, is, yes, it would move us away from a single standard, but you could still have a broad interpretation by 50 different states of state enforcement of an FTC standard versus FTC doing that. But I appreciate your input on it and your testimony, and we think this would be a step in the right direction. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate the opportunity.    And thank you to each one of you for being here. This is some very important issues, obviously. And thanks for what each of you deals with in the arena of these important pieces of legislation.    Mr. Hendrickson, I would like to ask you a few questions, if I may. And specifically, we are discussing some things that are very important to us. One of those, of course, is the Reinforcing American-Made Products Act of 2016.    A nice tie, by the way.    Mr. Harper. There you go.    If other states begin instituting their own made-in-America labeling standards, as California has done, how would that impact the manufacturing sector broadly and specifically?    Mr. Harper. Right, and I think it is very appropriate, if you are manufacturing basketball equipment, that it be vertically-integrated.    Mr. Harper. So, those go very well together.    Do consumers prefer that products be made in the United States?    Mr. Harper. So, obviously, consumers would prefer to buy it with that label and it would benefit manufacturers if you can display that. How would a uniform national standard, as we are discussing, for made-in-America labels help strengthen the manufacturing sector in the United States?    Mr. Harper. Regrettably, my time has expired. I am going to yield back.    But thank you so much for your testimony, what your company is doing, and we hope for resolution that will help you and many others. Thank you.