    Mr. Rohrabacher. And before I get to Mr. Rohrabacher, we have just been pinged for a vote on the floor. And we have 10 votes, and I don't think we will be coming back afterwards. So if I could maybe get both you and Mr. Keating in.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will try.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. I will go quick. I will say for the record that the Pakistani Government, the ISI, created the Taliban, along with the Saudis, after we left when the Soviets withdrew from Afghanistan. Since that--at that time, the Pakistani Government was deeply involved with creating that regime that ended up offering safe haven to Osama bin Laden, and the murder of 3,000 Americans.    Let us note, when we went to drive out the Taliban that the Northern Alliance, with our help and our support, drove the Taliban out. Where did they drive them to? Pakistan. Where did Osama bin Laden go? Osama bin Laden, the murder of 3,000 Americans, was given safe haven for almost a decade in Pakistan. I don't know anyone who believes that the leadership of Pakistan did not know Osama bin Laden was there, right there in their country, in an urban area.    Let us note that when our troops--when our brave special forces went to bring justice to Osama bin Laden, that they had to fly very specialized helicopters, so that they wouldn't be shot down. By whom? By Pakistan. With airplanes that we had given them. This is insane.    Let us note that Pakistan still holds Dr. Afridi, the man who made it possible for us to identify Osama bin Laden, the murderer of 3,000 Americans, and they hold him in a dungeon today, which is nothing more than rubbing our face in the fact that they can do that and how much they really hate us. This is ridiculous that we give any aid whatsoever to a power like that.    For the record, the people of Balochistan are being slaughtered by this corrupt, oppressive regime. The people of Balochistan have to understand--should understand the United States is on their side because they are struggling for independence and self-determination from a corrupt, vicious, terrorist-supporting regime.    Same with the Sindhis. Same with other groups in Afghanistan. So we have a regime that murders and represses and is corrupt with their own people, and yet we still continue to give them some type of support. It is absolutely absurd.    And, Ambassador Khalilzad, we have worked together many years, I am going to ask you a tough question. When the Taliban were driven out of Afghanistan and our friends in the Northern Alliance came in and took Kabul, there was a decision made in Bonn--and I think we were both at Bonn, Germany.    The decision was, who was then going to be the leader of the new Afghanistan? Or at least in transition. I, of course, was pushing for King Zahir Shah, as were a group of us who had supported the Northern Alliance. It is my memory that you and the administration were supporting Karzai. Was that due to undue influence by the Pakistani Government on that administration, the Bush administration, as they have had undue influence on all of these administrations?    Ambassador Khalilzad. Thank you for the statement with which I associate myself. Eloquently stated, Congressman. On this question of Karzai's choice, why Karzai was selected, the name of Karzai was first brought up by Abdullah Abdullah who was a key figure in the Northern Alliance at that time.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Ambassador Khalilzad. He argued that for the next phase of Afghanistan, Afghanistan needed a Pashtun leader that the Northern Alliance could work with, and he thought that Karzai was such a Pashtun. And this was the first time that we had heard of Karzai for such a role. And Jim Dobbins, my colleague who represented us at that time--and I was in the White House then--reported that.    So, but then when we checked with others in the region and beyond, Pakistan did not object to President Karzai's choice, as well as quite a number of others.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me note for the record that that was a pivotal decision that has led to problems. The problems that we are discussing today, the King of Afghanistan would have been much more independent, he was beloved by his people, he was a Pashtun, and we turned him down. And I honestly believe, like you said, we asked Pakistan for their opinions on it. Pakistan, of course, pushed for someone they could control, someone who would be consistent with their corrupt, repressive regime, and that was Karzai.    Unfortunately, now we face this challenge today. Thank you for your service. Thank all of you for your opinions.