    Mr. KIND. Thank you. Thanks, Doc. I feel good.    Mr. KIND. No, I havn't, but----    Mr. KIND. Good, I am glad.    Mr. KIND. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Just remember, it is not the years, it is the mileage. There is a lot of miles on these bones, but I will survive. And, Mr. Chairman, thanks for having this hearing today. I think this is such a crucial issue.    Hopefully we can continue moving forward with more hearings to drill down to the real details, so we know what is working, what isn't working, what changes we have to make, because the real challenge--most of our budget fiscal challenges we face are healthcare cost-related right now. And our challenge is whether we can reform a healthcare system before America grows old.    As Mr. Guterman pointed out, there are two things at work here. One is beneficiary cost, which right now is looking pretty good, at a 50-year low when it comes to how much we are spending in the Medicare system. But the other big challenge is 10,000 boomers that are retiring every day and joining Medicare and the Social Security system, and the 74 million boomers that will eventually join the system here.    And I think you are right, I don't think we have enough revenue in order to deal with that tidal wave that is joining Medicare here over the next 10 to 20 years. And that, I think, is the real challenge this Committee faces.    But I think there are some answers. And fortunately, under the Affordable Care Act, there is a lot of experimentation going on right now through delivery system reform and payment reform.    And Ms. Baicker, back to you. My ears perked up when you were talking about quantity and quality. I have been a student of the Dartmouth Atlas Study for a long time, and that studies the utilization and variation from around the country. And I think--I am convinced, as you are, that there is still a lot of quantity and not enough quality that we are getting with the dollars that are being spent.    But the good news under the Affordable Care Act, there are a lot of different payment models that are being experimented with right now that do emphasize outcomes, values, and qualities. In fact, CMS just announced here that 30 percent of Medicare payments will be quality-based, and their goal is to be 50 percent next year and over 80 percent over the next few years.    So, clearly, we are moving in that direction. And I think, if we can get the financial incentives aligned the right way, where we are rewarding providers based on outcome, based on results, and not just on more of what they are doing, we are going to see a lot of that innovation, and a lot of that creativity taking place in the healthcare realm.    But, Ms. Baicker, I want to hear your opinion as far as how these payment models are working, and whether there is some hope or some light at the end of the tunnel, that we are, in fact, driving the system in the right direction by emphasizing quality, value- based payments, and moving away from the Fee-for-Service system.    Mr. KIND. And I think one of the smarter things we did under the Affordable Care Act was establish the Center on Innovation. That is allowing the pilots and the experimentation to go forward. And if we can get past the political din of just repeal everything and instead focus on what exists today and what is working and what isn't--because, Lord knows, this is an ongoing project, continuing to reform the healthcare system as we learn more.    And Mr. Guterman, I know Mr. Thompson asked you your opinion about the private voucher plan that my Republican colleagues keep putting into their budget proposal. I don't know if you have had a chance to study that. But there are certain truisms that make Medicare work, and one is it is universal, everyone is in whether you are young, younger senior, or older senior, healthier or sicker, you are all in. Plus it does cover pre-existing conditions. And, let's face it, all seniors have a pre-existing condition at some point in their life.    But their proposal to establish a private voucher as a response to the Medicare system, do you have an opinion on that?    Mr. KIND. Thank you.