    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    You use the phrases ``small savers'' and ``first-time investors,'' and that is what we are here to talk about today in this hearing.    I represent a district full of those people. I represent 19 counties in east, central and southeastern Indiana, working communities, people that work in agriculture and manufacturing.    I am also the product of a single-parent family. My mom just retired from the Delta faucet factory there. She raised my brother and me on her own. She was somebody that couldn't really afford to save until she was well into her 40s and falls in the category here.    I think one of the things we have got to remember as policymakers is we aren't just accountable for our intentions, we are also accountable for our results. And we could bring forward rules with the best of intentions designed to protect people that, in the end, actually hurt the very people we are trying to protect.    I think part of the challenge of threading the needle here that you have talked about is we have looked at other countries that have tried to do it and not had much success. And so we need to be careful that with the best of intentions of protecting these investors we don't end up making their situation much worse.    Of course, the best way to avoid that is by coordinating with others who have knowledge in the field.    And I know Chairman Kline talked to you a little bit about your efforts to coordinate with the SEC. We are, of course, concerned that we haven't gotten the documentation from you that shows that coordination also at the Department of Labor.    I want to give you a quote and ask you to respond to it, Secretary Perez. In February of this year, SEC Commissioner Daniel Gallagher said the follow, ``The DOL has not formally engaged the commissioners, at least not this commissioner, on its fiduciary rulemaking process and the impact it may have on investors. And despite public reports of close coordination between the DOL and the SEC staff, I believe this coordination has been nothing more than a check-the-box exercise by the DOL designed to legitimize the runaway train that is their fiduciary rulemaking.''    Secretary Perez, is this true?    Mr. Messer. All this work is done at the chair level?    Mr. Messer. So all this work is done at the chair level, there is no staff coordination?    Mr. Messer. Much of that documentation didn't include specifics about what was discussed in those meetings.    Do you care, does the Department of Labor care about the inconsistency and confusion that could result from unharmonized rules of the road in this area?    Mr. Messer. Again, I think most folks, no one would quarrel with the intention of protecting these investors. The question is, will these rules actually make matters worse for those investors?    You commented earlier about potential coordination with FINRA. And I want to give you another quote and give you the opportunity to respond. In March at the 2015 Annual Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Conference, FINRA Chairman Rick Ketchum said, quote: ``I fear that the uncertainty stemming from contractual analysis and the shortage of useful guidance lead many firms to close their IRA businesses entirely or substantially constrain the clients that they will serve.''    Secretary Perez, to what extent did you coordinate with FINRA and other industry analysts? And why didn't you address their concerns?    Mr. Messer. Thank you. And we appreciate your time.