    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    My first question is, is there any data out there that we can access that would deal with a victim that has initially chosen not to report to law enforcement who later regrets that and decides they want to report it to law enforcement and they want the individual prosecuted? Is there any data on that?    Mr. Salmon. Well, and I guess that is one of my big concerns. I was talking to Dr. Roe, who has dealt with a lot of victims and had to examine them and deal with them and court proceedings, and a lot of times later on an individual who decides they don't want that person prosecuted decides they do. And I have these concerns about going to the university or the college, and maybe the counselor or advisor leaning on them, maybe talking them out of prosecuting because of concern for the alleged perpetrator's career or education.    Whatever the case may be, I worry about the fact that an individual who decides initially not to prosecute or not to report to the law enforcement, all the forensics is lost and then several months later or several years later they decide, still within the statute of limitations, ``I want that individual prosecuted so they are not going to do that to anybody else,'' and then the forensics is not there because it was never reported to law enforcement and the people that ended up dealing with it didn't have the capability to even put a case together in the first place.    Mr. Salmon. Well, it seems to me that the dialogue here today has been much more a focus on helping the victim cope and deal, and that is all incredibly important, and to deal with the aftermath and go forward. But I don't hear a lot of dialogue about justice.    Mr. Salmon. I don't hear a lot of dialogue about keeping evil perpetrators off the streets so they don't do it to another girl. I mean, I have two girls that have graduated from college too, and I would be livid if some perpetrator who has sexually abused numerous girls and they all decided not to report, and that kid is still out there, you know, seeking to harm other girls and my girl ends up getting harmed, I am going to be pretty ticked off that guy is allowed to keep perpetrating these crimes.    Mr. Salmon. Can I just interject, because that was one of my other questions. Talk a lot about due process, and that is a fundamental right here in the United States for anybody that is accused of crimes. Can you tell me the difference between ``preponderance of evidence'' and ``beyond a reasonable doubt''?    Mr. Salmon. Because that is very fundamental.