    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you. Well, I guess thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is so I can keep a better eye on you, by the way. But thank you, nonetheless.    As Chairman Davis mentioned, and others, this hearing is the third in a series of hearings highlighting the crucial intersection of agriculture and our national security. In our first hearing last November, the full Agriculture Committee heard from Ambassador John Negroponte and Dr. Tammy Beckam, Dean of the Kansas State University College of Veterinary Medicine, in broad testimony concerning the various threats to agricultural security, as well as the economic significance associated with such threats.    In that first hearing, the Committee's focus was on how threats to global food security create instability among populations, and how this instability leads to violence and upheaval that ultimately threatens our own national security.    This past month, I hosted the second hearing of this series where we discussed with representatives of academia and the livestock industry, the incredible amount of work done by Federal and state agencies and the private-sector to defend against foot-and-mouth disease. We also discussed what work still needs to be done to expand our capabilities to deal with this disease should it ever be introduced into our herds.    Today, we are honored to be joined by representatives of USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and the Department of Homeland Security's Customs and Border Protection Agriculture Program. Our objective is to take an in-depth look at Federal programs intended to defend against the introduction of diseases like foot-and-mouth disease, and what capabilities we have to prevent, control, and eradicate diseases should they be introduced.    Now, we face tremendous pest and disease pressures, which are being effectively managed by the hardworking men and women of USDA and DHS. Congress has a role to play in ensuring that the agencies have the tools they need to do this important work, so it is important that we hear from those charged with implementing these key programs.    I look forward to today's conversation.    Mr. Rouzer. I now yield to the Ranking Member of my Subcommittee, Mr. Costa, for any remarks he wishes to make.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shea, my first couple of questions are for you. Obviously, you have touched on this some in your testimony, but what programs have you found to be most helpful in combating pest and disease outbreaks?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much.    Pursuing that a little further, as you probably know, the livestock community is now interested in pursuing the creation of a program similar to that which we put in place with the 2008 Farm Bill under the Animal Health Protection Act. Do you see a benefit to this approach in protecting animal health as well?    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much.    Mr. Harriger, the next question is for you. We have 300 ports of entry into the U.S. Can you please share some of the efforts underway and tools used by your department to secure our food supply? Obviously, we heard a little bit of that already, but if you could put some of those in bullet form for us for the record, that would be most appreciated.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much.    My time has expired.