    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank both of you and the Governor for being here today and testifying in front of our committee. I am a new member of the committee. I am very honored to be here.    Last week I was at home in my district and met with every single transportation stakeholder in my district, and their message to me is the same message, I think, that you are giving the committee, is that we need a long-term, sustainable finance surface transportation bill here in Congress.    And we all know that the vexing challenge here is, what is the mechanism? How are we going to provide that revenue source to pay for the so important investments that we need to make? So I just wanted to ask all of you, in terms of the organizations that you represent, has there been a discussion or any specific recommendations from the National League of Cities or from the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials about a specific position with raising the gas tax or a one-time or ongoing repatriation method, if you have made any recommendations or had any of those discussions?    Ms. Brownley. Mr. Cox?    Ms. Brownley. But it would be fair to say that any and all options would be acceptable within your organizations? There would not be any of those options that would not be acceptable?    Ms. Brownley. Thank you. And Mr. Mayor, I wanted to ask you--I was excited about your testimony as it relates to better pedestrian traffic and the use of bicycles. And actually, in my district, which is Ventura County in California, we have twice as many people who bike or walk to work than use transit.    So my question is just a broad one. How do you think that Congress can best support local communities that want to invest more in bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure?    Ms. Brownley. And do you have data to show that that kind of investment is really reducing congestion in your area?    Ms. Brownley. Mr. Cox, do you have any comments on bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure?