    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I would like to thank the witnesses for participating.    I hear consistently and believe we have a shortage of air traffic controllers, yet it seems like we are putting up more and more barriers to entry there. I understand the issue of the cost associated with training someone. Is it also a difficulty--and I will ask Mr. Cannon this, I guess--is there a difficult with folks washing out or getting rid of bad apples, once they get in? Or not even--bad apples probably isn't the right word, but people who are not performing, or not able to move up through the farm team Mr. Rinaldi talked about.    Mr. Farenthold. All right. Go ahead, ma'am.    Mr. Farenthold. I mean how difficult is it to get rid of somebody that isn't performing, once you have hired them? Is there a probation period?    Mr. Farenthold. Then after that----    Mr. Farenthold. All right. So then, what is the--why, then, do we put these big barriers to entry, these tests and all? If somebody is able to perform through the academy and you are able to get rid of them if they aren't--why do we have these huge barriers to entry at the very beginning, especially for people who have already worked in the military or in contract towers and have some experience? It seems like you are shooting yourself in the foot meeting your hiring goals.    Mr. Farenthold. All right, thank you. And I am going to--Mr. Babbitt, you have--came out of the FAA, you have worked in industry now. Let's assume President Obama or whoever the next President is reappoints you there. How do you fix this problem?    Mr. Farenthold. I don't blame you, I wouldn't want to move out of Texas, either.    Mr. Farenthold. And that is an interesting question. Let me go back over to our folks from the FAA. Are we not paying these people enough? Is that the--is it--it doesn't look like we have a shortage of applicants. Are we not paying our air traffic controllers enough?    Mr. Farenthold. All right. So is it age retirement and tough screening is why we have the--is what I am taking away as a general shortage.    Let me just go back to Mr. Rinaldi. You are a union guy, you have been with the air traffic controllers for--I am going to promote you to FAA Administrator. What do you do?    Mr. Farenthold. No, that is us. What do you do as FAA Administrator under current law?    Mr. Farenthold. Or spinning them off into an outside entity.    Anyway, I yield back the remainder of my time.