    Mr. McKinley. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I had the opportunity on Friday to take Congressman Welch from Vermont to an underground coal mine in West Virginia, and prior to that going underground we had a chance to sit down and talk with about 12 unemployed coal miners that have lost their job, and to look them in the eye to understand what can we do? What's happened? And, universally, Ms. McCabe, universally they said it's regulations. Regulations are what--we have had seven power plants in West Virginia here have been shut down, 45 percent of our coal miner workforce has been unemployed. And they were saying watch the regulations, so I just want to share with you, here is this list that's 20-some pages long--feet long of over 1,500 regulations that have been imposed under this administration on coal mines, and coal companies, and coal miners.    It's no wonder they can't find jobs. They're willing to go someplace else, but they can't sell their home. They're living in communities of 1,000 people and they'll go to another place to work someplace else, but they can't sell their home. That's their equity.    This administration has taken us in West Virginia from the fifth-best unemployment rate to the 51st unemployment rate in the Nation because of these 1,500 regulations. I think it's got to stop, and for anyone to testify before us and say this is fair, look them in the eye. Look them in the eye, that coal miner, and say it's fair that you just lost your job because of our regulations. I don't think that you can do that.    I yield back my time.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thought there were going to be some folks in between, but thank you again for your appearance with us.    I want to follow back up again with some of the earlier remarks. There was in Forbes Magazine had said that China and India, quoting, ``China and India collectively consume about 60 percent of all the coal produced in the world, and that in the next 10 years Asia will be increasing their demands for coal by 31 percent.'' They're already at 60 percent, and they want to increase 30 percent. I find that incredible.    And then I want to follow back up again with the remark that you made to the Congressman from California. You said India may very well be following our lead by making these reductions, but yet the quote in this article says that ``India has rejected any absolute cuts, and that it needs to emit more as it grows to beat poverty.'' So, I'm not sure that anyone is following what you think is happening around the world. It goes to that old adage, a leader that has no followers is merely a man taking a walk. And I think that's what you have here, is no one in the country. They may very well go if they did to Kyoto and elsewhere, Stockholm and make these agreements, but then they don't uphold them. So, I don't know that Paris is going to be any better with this. So, I'm looking back at the question more directly, what you're trying to propose, you're willing to sacrifice the economy of this country. When everyone else is going to continue to use coal, you're going to sacrifice our economy to this rule, and drive another dagger into the hearts of the coal fields of this country, and all across because the electricity.    I think it's curious, and I wanted to hear your explanation of why in the initial rule, for example, West Virginia was supposed to have a 20 percent reduction, but then when the final rule came out, it went to 37 percent. And North Dakota went from 11 percent to 45 percent, and Kentucky went from 18 to 41, and Wyoming 19 to 44. Are you trying to suggest that during your hearings in those respective States that the people actually said we want more stringent controls on our emissions in Kentucky, and Wyoming, and West Virginia?    I want to hear that answer, but I also want to add one more, backdrop information. I just got notice just here just a minute ago, that Patriot Coal has just now issued a warn notice to the miners in West Virginia that 2,000 more coal miners in West Virginia are going to lose their job in the next few days, and you all can sit there and just say we need--this is going to be good for our air, when other nations are polluting our atmosphere far greater than we are. So, can you tell me why you doubled and tripled the standards for--when they can't meet the first standard, why you've tripled it?    Mr. McKinley. Yes.    Mr. McKinley. But that led you to doubling down the penalties on West Virginia, Wyoming, Kentucky, all these other coal producing--you actually got testimony that we should double down the penalty?    Mr. McKinley. Well, I object to your use of the word ``fair,'' when I'm talking about all these people losing their job.    Mr. McKinley. Good luck.    Mr. McKinley. OK. I want to hear what's fair when you shut down a coal-fired power plant and it destroys the fabric, the economic basis to run a school system in a county, when millions of dollars are lost. I want to talk, that's fair. Is that fair?