    Ms. Feinberg. Chairman Denham, Ranking Member Capuano, other Members who have joined us, thank you for inviting me to today's hearing.    Much attention has been paid to the urgent need for the United States to build a modern transportation system to keep up with our growing population, increased congestion, and more diverse economy. Congress rightfully recognized nearly 8 years ago that in order to achieve this goal, our transportation system must include more reliable, more frequent, and faster passenger rail service. Congress passed two landmark pieces of legislation that established FRA's High-Speed Rail Program, and then through the Recovery Act provided the seed money to build the system.    FRA and Congress conceived of a high-speed and intercity passenger rail program to be national in scope but led by the State in execution. With the launch of the program, there was immediate and significant interest. States submitted nearly 500 applications requesting more than $75 billion worth of projects, far exceeding the funds Congress had made available. FRA eventually awarded $10 billion to nearly 150 rail projects, including $3.5 billion to California.    With California's growing population, the State was understandably focused on building out a high-speed rail system that would serve its growing communities, because 2 railroad tracks can carry as many travelers in 1 hour as 16 lanes of a congested freeway. As the chairman knows and as anyone who lives, works, or visits the bay area or the Los Angeles area knows, they can recount far too many nightmare stories about congestion on the roads and in the sky: vehicular and air traffic at all times of day, constant commuters, families and businesses, hours of time and resources they can spend otherwise.    The L.A. to San Francisco flight alone has become one of the busiest and most delay-prone air markets in the United States. One in every five flights is late by more than an hour. And the challenges of moving more people and goods in a safe and efficient way will only continue to grow. By 2050, California is predicted to be home to another 12 million people. To add capacity to California's transportation system, the California High-Speed Rail Authority is leveraging the majority of the $3.5 billion that FRA awarded to construct the first 119 miles of rail in California's Central Valley.    The Federal investment made in California's high-speed rail is significant, and FRA takes its obligations to protect the taxpayers' investment seriously. FRA closely monitors the California project, as we do with all grants. With all major and ambitious transportation projects, there have been and remain important challenges that demand continued attention.    Consistent with grants management and oversight best practices, FRA works closely with all of our grantees to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and that contractual agreements are current and adhered to.    To be clear, and despite reporting to the contrary, ensuring that a project is meeting its obligations and amending contractual grant agreements is not only a due diligence requirement but it is also standard practice for any agency that oversees grants.    Last spring, the California High-Speed Rail Authority and FRA executed the Sixth Amendment to ensure that the contractual agreement that exists between the two entities accurately reflects the current project status. California High-Speed Rail Authority also requested FRA's approval of a $60 million working capital advance for right-of-way acquisitions needed to allow construction work to progress and remain on schedule.    A working capital advance is one of the approved payment methods allowed under the Federal Government's stringent grant payment rules. This tool is available to any grantee and can be used effectively for timely right-of-way acquisition on large infrastructure projects across the country. In fact, other agencies, like the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Homeland Security, also use the same method of payment.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, for centuries leaders in California and across the United States have fulfilled bold projects. Many of these projects haven't been easy or without challenges, but they are worth the persistence and dedication because they are necessary to move our country forward. I believe this project is no different.    We continue to look forward to working with California, with Members of Congress, with your staff and your committee as we continue to make progress in bringing this project to completion. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Feinberg. Correct. We see no--we have no interest in going beyond the September 2017 deadline, and beyond that we don't think there will be a request for it.    Ms. Feinberg. Well, they are very different. The reality is they are just very different projects. I will let Mr. Richard weigh in on this, but there are more stations and more stops in California and a much longer distance that will be traveled. They are just fundamentally different projects. But we have really enjoyed working with the folks in Texas who are working on this project, and we have very high hopes for success because I think that segment between those two cities is a perfect example of where--a significant game changer for that economy and for people's lives there.    Ms. Feinberg. I don't. In fact, the GAO has looked into California high-speed rail several times. I think it is now the most investigated and most audited project in U.S. history. I don't know if that is something to be proud of or not, but I think it is worth being proud of that they have succeeded and the GAO has never found a significant issue.    Ms. Feinberg. Yes.    Ms. Feinberg. I will be happy to. The last time I spoke to you, I believe that the draft environmental work should be done by the end of 2016. I believe it is the fall of 2016. It will be in the coming months. I believe that is the latest report we have on this, as well.    Ms. Feinberg. Be happy to.