    Mr. Brown. ``Jay'' is fine.    Mr. Brown. Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee, it is a privilege to be here today.    In addition to my position at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law, I also serve as the Secretary to the SEC's Investor Advisory Committee (IAC). The remarks I make, however, are my own, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the other members of the IAC.    With respect to H.R. 2187, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts, and the definition of accredited investor, let me give a bit of context. The SEC's definition of accredited investor for individuals was set out in 1982. While the dollar amounts have largely remained unchanged, the financial landscape has undergone a tectonic shift.    The markets have of course grown in complexity. But most significantly has been the shift from pension plans to defined contribution plans. Almost everyone with retirement savings today has a 401(k) or an IRA. The result has been what I believe is a dramatic increase in individual responsibility for managing the retirement nest egg.    Likewise, the number of retirees is increasing rapidly. Every day, 10,000 Baby Boomers reach the age of 65, a trend that will continue until 2030. Many of these older investors are unsophisticated and lack, as one study put it, ``even a rudimentary understanding of stock and bond prices, risk diversification, portfolio choice, and investment fees.''    With the end to the ban on general solicitations, our retirees and other investors can now be offered unregistered investments through indiscriminate forms of mass marketing, including blast emails, ads on the Internet, infomercials, and seminars. So imagine our 85-year-old parent or uncle or friend who gets the unsolicited phone call or the pitch at a free lunch to invest in pre-IPO shares, or--I am from Colorado--the marijuana business. If that doesn't work, how about a children's television network or a company that is making a grandchild-safe alternative to the Internet?    All of this brings me to the definition of accredited investor. The definition needs to include those who are sophisticated and exclude those who are not.    In reforming the definition, I believe there is more agreement than disagreement. There is agreement that it should be changed to include the people who are, in fact, sophisticated. The recommendation of the SEC's Investor Advisory Committee has set out standards for when this should occur, basing sophistication on education, experience, and testing.    The dollar thresholds also need reexamination. It may mean increasing the amounts. It also may mean changing the way the amounts are calculated. Maybe some portion of retirement assets should be excluded from the calculation.    Even people who oppose changes to the numerical thresholds, I believe, are mostly worried that a sudden increase in the dollar amount will significantly reduce the number of accredited investors. But if the definition is reformed simultaneously to make the income and net worth standards a better predictor of sophistication and allow individuals to also qualify on the basis of education, experience, and testing, I believe that all sides in the debate will benefit.    With respect to H.R. 2187, my written testimony has a more complete critique. But let me just offer these observations. First, the draft legislative proposal does not deal with our 85-year-old parent or uncle or friend who is in fact unsophisticated and qualifies as accredited because of the net worth test.    Second, the bill treats as accredited whole categories of individuals, such as lawyers. Lawyers are not invariably rendered sophisticated as a result of education or practice area. Extending the definition to persons who are not sophisticated is of particular concern since these individuals are not required to meet the numerical thresholds and may not be in a position to withstand the loss.    Finally, a serious risk is that regulators charged with implementing this legislation will stop other efforts. The bill leaves out other groups that ought to qualify as accredited as a result of experience and education.    The SEC is working on a study in this area that ought to include some recommendations. The Commission is in a good position to achieve the grand bargain that I think is needed, and should be allowed to complete the process without legislative intervention.    Very quickly with respect to business development companies, I think that the increase in leverage proposed under the legislation will raise the risk profile for at least some of these companies. But disclosure is an appropriate method of addressing the issue.    My most significant concern is with the changes that would allow BDCs to redeploy a higher percentage of their assets away from operating companies to financial firms. In 1980, Congress, in adopting the legislation creating BDCs, sought to provide additional funding and managerial advice to operating companies.    Why these companies? As the House report said then, the committee is well aware of the slowing of the flow of capital to American enterprises, particularly to smaller growing businesses, that has occurred in recent years.    The importance of these businesses to the American economic system in terms of innovation, productivity, increased competition, and the jobs they create is of course critical, hence the need to reverse this downward trend is a compelling public concern.    I suspect that this is no less true today than it was in 1980, and that these companies remain critically important to our economy and the creation of jobs. I think that any reform in this area should not change the framework in a manner that may disadvantage the very kinds of companies that the legislation was originally intended to assist.    Thank you again for providing me with the opportunity to be here today.    Mr. Brown. My biggest concern is that there will be funds redirected away from operating companies and to these financial firms.    I don't know if financial firms need the funds in the same way that operating companies do. But there is a defined need here for operating companies. And I think before the legislation allows for the redirecting of funds away from those companies, it should have a stronger empirical basis for determining that, which is a more appropriate use of funds.    Mr. Brown. I don't think there is anything in the legislation that prevents that. It defines categories and all you have to be is in one those categories of people in order to be considered someone who can provide the services that transform you into an accredited investor.    Mr. Brown. I think that there are advantages to multiple classes of preferred stock. And of course operating companies today have that authority.    I think that this draft legislation eliminates some investor protections that are associated with preferred shares. And I think that is of concern. I think the idea that this legislation would limit the purchase of those shares to qualified institutional buyers is a helpful way to approach that.    My concern is actually not with the purchase of preferred shareholders, but the common shareholders. This bill would strip away the obligation to have voting rights on those shares. But it would also allow for things like super-voting stock, at least as I read the legislation.    There is no legislation of voting rights anymore if this bill passes as is. So in theory, a board of directors could transfer voting rights away from the common stockholders and to the preferred shareholders.    I actually have a suggestion in my testimony as a way that I think that should be fixed. I don't think that authority should be allowed.    Mr. Brown. Congressman, I sure do. And as I mentioned in my testimony, I know lawyers, obviously the best. I teach them. I am around them all the time. They are not an inherently sophisticated group of people, at least when it comes to investments.    The education--we have plenty of lawyers in this room. In your law school education, you are not taught about the intricacies of complex investments. We are lucky if students take corporations or securities at all. And then those courses don't really prepare you.    So unfortunately, the way this is drafted right now it doesn't take into account age. It doesn't take into account experience. And really you can't really rely on education as a way of saying that they are sophisticated. So I am concerned about those categories.    Mr. Brown. I certainly believe that it does.    If we go back to my 85-year-old parent or uncle or friend, and we were to say if they happen to have a lawyer who maybe was their estate planner or a CPA, as you say, who was doing their tax returns, and those two people gave them some investment advice, is that person really suddenly transformed into someone who is sophisticated just by virtue of the relationship? Not necessarily.    Mr. Brown. I can say that it concerns me. And my concern is--there are a couple of them. But one of the ones is that banks, when they form these other entities, especially when it is the big commercial banks, the market just judges them differently.    Sometimes the market thinks that the big bank is making an implicit guarantee of backing that company even if they only own less than 25 percent.    Mr. Brown. That other company gets a break on--the company can borrow at a cheaper rate. I might be able to do things that other BDCs can't do. So I worry very much when banks get into space like this that it may dramatically change the nature of that market. And it frankly may give them a competitive edge that other BDCs don't have.    Mr. Brown. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Brown. Absolutely. And when I read your draft, there is no question in my mind that was a good-faith effort to try to address a problem that the Investor Advisory Committee agrees is there, which is how to let people who are sophisticated in fact, actually sophisticated, irrespective of the dollar amounts, to invest. The definition should allow for that.    We are in complete agreement. I should say I am, but the committee's recommendation.    I do think, for example in the testing area, in your language in the bill I think there should be a provision in that says the test only lasts for so long. I think if somebody is 30 and then they--I don't want them to have taken it once and then at 80, that is fine. There should be some--    Mr. Brown. No, I don't think I quite said that, although who knows, I could have misspoken. What I really said was I haven't seen the empirical data that says the financial companies need it.    What we know is the operating companies do need it. And I am afraid of the bleed of funds away from operating companies to financial companies and hurting those companies.    And I would just add, Congressman, that the comment that was made earlier about these operating companies getting not only the funds, but getting the managerial assistance, I don't know whether the financial companies need the managerial assistance in the same way I think a lot of these operating companies do.    So I think if that these operating companies can't access as easily these BDCs, I think that is a problem for the operating company.    Mr. Brown. Well, of course, not investment companies, but operating companies, yes.    Mr. Brown. You are absolutely right. The legal authority exists irrespective of the company because it is the authority of the board of directors. But what I would say right now, is there are protections in the Investment Company Act of 1940 that don't exist for other companies. So we are talking about removing something that is there that does not apply to operating companies.