    Mr.  Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Shelley, first, I want to compliment you, because at least in your testimony, both written and what you have said, you have come closer to anyone in this committee on my fixation, my concern. We seem to be having a discussion that somehow the terrorism financing world is out there using the SWIFT system, and we are seeing the wire transfers and not understanding the scale of the distributive opportunities. When their story is coming from border patrol agents of money moving in diamonds and other types of products, when we are seeing stories of completely informal financing mechanisms, when we are seeing stories that it is money laundering for hire. So today you may be a terrorist; tomorrow you may be a narcotrafficker; next week you may be someone engaging in counterfeit products; and the week after that it is the folks who stole data who are trying to monetize it. And it is becoming a profession out there with its own accountants, with its own systems.    Dr. Shelley, how do I break my brothers and sisters and those in the bureaucracy out of the mindset that we can do this as a Treasury banking regulator and understanding the distributive world that is around us and the perverse professionalism that seems to be going into the movement of bad actors' cash?    Mr.  Schweikert. Dr. Shelley, in your research, in your reading, have you come across reasonably factual antidotes of things that you have been shocked on the creativity of how these bad actor dollars are moving--bad actor resources are moving and how much of it is actually being moved not in a cash equivalent but in commodities and our services, our documents, or even data?    Mr.  Schweikert. I had someone who was insisting that they have studied this world and said many of the bad actors don't even like to touch cash, because it is too expensive to wash, and it is heavy, and they prefer moving high-value commodities, whether it be an exotic car or diamonds and those things.    Mr.  Schweikert. And my fear, Mr. Chairman, is we seem to be looking at this issue almost as traditional Westerners, with the accounting and finance backgrounds instead of understanding, just as we talk about the new distributive economy that is happening around us, well, I hate to say it, but those engaged in bad acts, whether it be terrorism, whether it be drugs, or everything else out there, may be also creating their own web of creativity.    And, with that, I yield back.