    Mr. Dubowitz. Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, members of the subcommittee, on behalf of FDD and its Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, thank you very much for inviting me to testify today.    I want to step back and take a broader look at this. The BDS movement is a tool of political, economic, and financial warfare against Israel. Those waging this war seek to, first, isolate and delegitimize Israel and to turn it into an international pariah. From there, by threatening reputational consequences against Israeli business partners, imposing economic damages on Israel becomes an easier task.    Our research has determined that the economic and financial warfare campaign currently targeting Israel's relationship with Europe is the real goal. That relationship in trade terms is valued at about $30 billion.    My written testimony details the international organizations, religious institutions, private businesses, sovereign wealth funds, and universities that have joined in support of BDS in recent years. Most of them are European. They should all be identified publicly as having joined the economic and financial war against Israel.    Notably, several were pressured by BDS activists and the Palestinian Authority to terminate their business ties with Israel. They have targeted major Israeli financial institutions providing services to the West Bank and East Jerusalem through local branches. They have targeted international companies building the light-rail train system in Jerusalem. They have targeted Israeli academics and international entertainers with no connection to the West Bank or East Jerusalem. This is not just about the West Bank or East Jerusalem. It is about Israel.    For those well acquainted with economic and financial warfare, this is a familiar playbook, as pressure is ratcheted up on the target country to inflict increasing pain.    What is even more striking is that these entities have gone out of their way to single out Israel, the only democracy in the Middle East, for alleged injustices, while ignoring China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Sudan for their massive violations of human rights. This smacks of discrimination.    It is also a bad omen for the United States and our other allies, against whom many people around the world have grievances. Mr. Chairman, America and its allies must prepare for an increasingly dangerous era of political, economic, and financial warfare targeting the United States and our allies. This type of warfare is America's default instrument of coercive statecraft. It is also the new normal in the international arena. As always, Israel is the canary in the coal mine.    Many of our allies are involved in territorial disputes around the world. We may agree or disagree with their positions, but our ability and will to defend them from military, missile, cyber, WMD, and terrorist threats, amongst others, must never be dependent on our policies with respect to these territorial disputes. The same should be said about defending them against economic and financial threats.    Make no mistake: After watching the U.S. Treasury Department target Iran, Russia, and Syria with sophisticated sanctions and other advanced economic strategies, America's adversaries have been developing their own economic weapons.    Having witnessed the powerful impact of having Iran removed from the SWIFT banking system, last year pro-Palestinian organizations petitioned SWIFT to disconnect Israeli financial institutions. SWIFT explained that it would not take action without direction from EU regulators, who for now have refused this request. This could change.    Meanwhile, China has used economic and other coercive measures to challenge Japan, the Philippines, and our other Asian allies over the South China Sea and frequently has used economic and diplomatic pressure to challenge international recognition of Taiwan.    Russia has used political and energy warfare to threaten Eastern and Central European allies in order to try and reestablish what it considers its sphere of influence. Both China and Russia have used cyber warfare against the United States and our allies.    For now, America and its allies are vulnerable but buttressed by the fact that the U.S. dominates the global economy because of the power of the U.S. Dollar. This will not last forever. China, Russia, and others are already looking at creating a parallel financial system free from American influence.    Make no mistake: An economic war is undeniably underway, and that war is now expanding to America's allies too. As the BDS movement has made clear, Israel is among them.    Mr. Chairman, my written testimony outlines the important legislative efforts underway at the State and Federal level to protect Israel and our other allies from this economic and financial war. Congress must encourage this, but more can be done.    The United States needs to create an economic defensive shield to protect us and our allies against economic and financial coercion. Congress is well placed to lead that effort.    In my written testimony, I outline a number of recommendations, including: establishing a policy planning function at the U.S. Treasury Department; standing up an economic warfare directorate at the NSC; developing a doctrine on the use of economic warfare; and establishing an economic warfare command.    We have entered a new era, and new structures are needed to defend the U.S. and its allies from this type of warfare. I recommend that this subcommittee work with other relevant congressional committees and the administration to institute these government reforms.    In conclusion, BDS is a form of economic and financial coercion that should be viewed within a broader problem set. To counter it properly, this challenge must be addressed at a more strategic level. Failure to do so will leave the United States and our allies vulnerable to attack from economic and financial warfare.    Thank you for inviting me to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Dubowitz. Chairman, there is no doubt in my mind. I mean, this is a familiar playbook for people who have worked in the area of sanctions. I've spent over a decade working on sanctions, and it is a very familiar playbook. As I said, it is about delegitimization at the political level. it is about establishing the country as an international pariah. And then it is about using a combination of state actions and private actions in an economic and financial warfare campaign against that country.    And I would make another point, and that is that many of our allies, actually, are involved in territorial disputes around the world. I mean, in the South China Sea right now, there are huge disputes going on between China and Vietnam and the Philippines and Japan and other countries. The United States shouldn't be taking a position on territorial disputes in the context of economic and financial warfare. We don't, for example, when supporting our allies against cyber threats, conventional military threats, terrorist threats, or missile threats.    We have a firm policy of defending our allies, when we actually fund and sell missile defense systems or cyber defense systems to Israel, we expect the Israeli Government to use those systems protecting everybody in the region, including in the West Bank and West Jerusalem and East Jerusalem. There should be no distinction with respect to economic and financial warfare.    Mr. Dubowitz. I think that's exactly right. And, obviously, the goal is--the college campaign is a goal of political delegitimization. it is to turn Israel into an international pariah. Then it makes it much easier for the BDS movement and their supporters to specifically launch an economic and financial warfare campaign against Israeli companies with a fundamental choice, you either do business with Israel or you do business with Europe but you can't choose between--you can't have both.    And so it is very much--the BDS movement at an activist level is about political delegitimization. They also, then, have now turned their sights not only on Israeli companies but international companies that are actually working in Israel. And the fundamental goal is to undermine the Israeli economy, inflict severe economic damage on Israel, and try to change their policies.    Again, from a U.S. national security point of view, there are many people in the world that have grievances against the United States. They will turn to economic and financial warfare against us and against all our allies. And I think it is incumbent upon the U.S. Congress to help create an economic defensive shield to protect all of our allies against the use of this new weapon.    Mr. Dubowitz. So, Congressman, I think that it is absolutely critical to examine the backgrounds and the writings and the research of people who appear before your subcommittee.    Mr. Dubowitz. Congressman, the short answer is negatively. I mean, if you are launching an economic and financial warfare campaign against Israel, it is likely to only harden positions, it is likely to only exacerbate tensions. And I think, as Mr. Birnbaum has eloquently put it, it has a significant cost, not just to Israelis but to Palestinians as well.    Mr. Dubowitz. I would certainly go that far. And I would say that BDS, again--I want to just sort of broaden the lens here. Economic and financial warfare against a close American ally is a threat to America, and it is a threat to our other allies.    You know, as I said, there are territorial disputes happening all over the world that our allies are involved in. it is one thing for the U.S. Government to have a political view on those territorial disputes. it is another thing for the U.S. Government not to support a close ally that is the target of economic and financial warfare or cyber warfare or military warfare or any other kind of warfare.    And we need to defend our allies, or this problem will come to our shores. We learnt that problem with terrorism. Terrorism was directed against Israelis. They are the canary in the coal mine, and eventually these threats come to us.    Mr. Dubowitz. Well, the threat is that there are many people in the world that have grievances against the United States, and the international order is changing, with the rise of China and Russia and the attempt to establish an alternative financial order. I can talk a little bit more about what that looks like. But, clearly, these rising powers are interested in using economic coercion, financial coercion directly against the United States.    So we need to harden our defenses. In my testimony, I outline exactly how Congress and the executive branch should begin to think about this. We need to create an economic defensive shield to protect American national and economic interests.    Mr. Dubowitz. Well, Congressman, I do think so.    And I want to just echo the comments of Mr. Kontorovich. And that is that the European Union, again, is attempting to use economic and financial warfare, in this case against Israel. And Mr. Kontorovich is right that the European Union may use this against other American allies.    If the Philippines has a major dispute with the Chinese in the South China Sea and the European Union decides that, given the huge EU-Sino trade and economic relationship, that they are going to side with China over the Philippines, they may actually be persuaded by the Chinese to use their economic and financial leverage against the Philippines. And we would have to defend the Philippines, as a close ally economically and financially.    And Congress can do that. We certainly--there is a huge amount of expertise in Congress on the issue of sanctions and creating not only an offensive sanctions instrument that has been the focus of the U.S. Government and Congress for years, but creating a defensive architecture, a defensive shield.    Legislative initiatives that are occurring in Congress today at the State level in Illinois, in South Carolina, I think are an important first step. But the U.S. Government needs to be restructured and reoriented in the way that it thinks about this economic warfare doctrine. And the institutions within the U.S. Treasury Department and elsewhere--I have done a lot of research into this topic, and they are ill-prepared to defend the United States and our allies against this new threat of economic and financial coercion.