    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order and the subject here is combating what we call the virtual caliphate on the Internet.    Unfortunately, there is an irony in the effort to combat ISIS recruitment online and that is that the United States, which is the world's leader in technological innovation, is hardly in the game.    To protect Americans at home and abroad, this has to change. So great has been the explosion of slick and professional ISIS videos online that, as I indicated, a lot of people are referring to this as the virtual caliphate. Because within seconds, ISIS can reach a global audience using popular social media sites, disseminating hateful propaganda to recruit new fighters and promote its extreme ideology.    And more and more, the virtual caliphate is calling on its followers not necessarily to go to Syria or Iraq or Libya now but to take up arms and attack where they are at home.    ``The smallest action you do''--in their words--``the smallest action you do in their homeland is better and more enduring to us than what you would if you were with us.'' That is the refrain. That is the message being pounded into would-be jihadists and it is a message that is being pounded into many Americans and we know that terrorists consumed Islamist propaganda over the Internet. The attacks in Brussels, San Bernardino, Orlando, Paris, those are tied to ISIS' online efforts based on the sites visited by those undertaking these terrorist attacks.    Indeed, ISIS' online dominance is just as critical to that organization as the large amounts of territory that it controls in Iraq or Syria or Libya or other training bases that they have set up.    Unfortunately, the pace of our ``cyber bombs,'' as we sometimes call them--the counter battery work that we do, that we are dropping on ISIS' virtual sanctuary to take out these Web sites--is like our campaign on its physical territory. It is slow and it is inadequate to this task.    The State Department's efforts to respond to extremist content online are woefully inadequate. Its Center for Strategic Counter Terrorism Communications was designed to identify and respond to extremist content online. Yet because its communications were ``branded'' with the official State Department's seal, they fell on deaf ears. It is not effective to use the State Department seal when you are doing a counterterrorism narrative.    In March, the President issued an Executive order to revamp this effort, renaming it the Global Engagement Center and giving it the mission to lead the government-wide effort to ``diminish the influence of international terrorist organizations,'' as we said. The committee will soon hear from the administration how this effort differs from past failures.    But unfortunately, in public diplomacy as we know--and this is pretty widely the view--our public diplomacy efforts on electronic media, on social media have really been pretty much a bust--dysfunctional in the analysis of former State Department personnel who have taken a good long look at this.    At a basic level, key questions remain, including the type of message that would be most effective in the face of this virulent ideology. Some suggest that the voices of disaffected former jihadists are particularly potent in deterring future jihadists. These are individuals who quickly discovered that life under ISIS is not the utopia they were promised. Or the voices of former radicals--Ed Husain with his book ``The Jihadist.'' I read that lively account and it is clear that it is having quite an impact with young people, creating a lot of second thoughts about where this ideology is leading.    But if this is the message, how should it be delivered? Should the Federal Government produce and disseminate content? Is the Federal bureaucracy equipped for such a fast-moving fight? Does any association with the State Department mean this message is dead on arrival, as we found with the, you know, State Department indicia or the State Department title put out there as part of the narrative?    A more effective approach could have the U.S. Government issuing grants to outside groups to carry out this mission. This would have the advantage of allowing the U.S. Government to set the policy, but put those with the technical expertise and credible voice in the driver's seat here in delivering the message. After all, such separation and distance from the U.S. Government have helped our democracy promotion programs through the National Endowment for Democracy work in areas of the globe where official U.S. support just isn't feasible.    We also want to make use of emerging technologies that can automatically detect and remove extremist content online. I am aware that the private sector is working quickly to develop these types of programs, and admittedly, all this isn't easy. If it was, we'd be much better positioned going forward. But if we don't come to grips with the virtual caliphate now, this long struggle against Islamist terrorism will extend even longer, with great loss of life.    So I now turn to our ranking member, Mr. Brad Sherman from California, for any statement he may have.    Chairman Royce. Without objection.    Chairman Royce. Thank you very much.    This morning we are pleased to be joined by a distinguished panel. We have Mr. Seamus Hughes. He is the deputy director of the George Washington University Program on Extremism. Mr. Hughes previously served at the National Counter Terrorism Center.    We have Dr. Aaron Lobel. He is the founder of America Abroad Media, a nonprofit dedicated to promoting the exchange of ideas to critical thinking and to self-government worldwide. Prior to founding this organization, Dr. Lobel was a research fellow and professor at multiple institutions.    Dr. Peter Neumann is professor of security studies at the Department of War Studies at Kings College London. He served as director of the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization since its founding in early 2008.    So without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record and members will have 5 calendar days to submit statements and questions and any extraneous material for the record.    Mr. Hughes, we will start with you. If you could please summarize your remarks in 5 minutes.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Hughes.    Dr. Lobel.    Chairman Royce. Thanks, Dr. Lobel.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, panel. Thank you very much for your testimony here and Mr. Neumann, thank you for coming a long way for that testimony.    So I have a couple of questions just in terms of this radicalization process. How important is religion as a motivating force here? Is this a situation where ISIS recruits are often nonreligious or somewhat religious, moderately so, and then they are converted and indoctrinated through a process on the Internet over the course of recruitment?    Or is it more often a case where you have radical young men? I remember talking to one of the French officials after the attack, telling me that 30 percent of their people were French converts, often in prison, that didn't even know Arabic but get converted and sort of the concept here that they were people disposed to violence in the first place, simply susceptible or actively accepting anything that was a rationalization to carry out violence. What are some of the perspectives here?    Chairman Royce. Well, my other question is, how important is the existence of the caliphate itself as an example, as a sort of a vision to their recruiting efforts?    If we were to defeat ISIS on the ground, take out their terrorist training grounds everywhere from Raqqa in Iraq to Libya and east Africa where they have set these things up, if you reclaim those cities, if you occupied with those that were in deep camps now, if they came back and denied them the safe havens would they lose their appeal? Dr. Neumann.    Chairman Royce. I know, but they have--we were up there in Tunisia talking to the Libyan Ambassador and our Ambassador in Libya. They've got 6,500 or 6,700 fighters that are training there now and then there are other training centers they are setting up.    So they have sort of branched out in the interim. But if we could attack the training centers or some coalition could take out those training camps, my thought or my argument has always been we should have done this at the outset with air power to deny them the opportunity to message that they were on the march and unstoppable.    Let me ask you about emerging technologies out there that could be used to weed out extremist content online, if that offers some hope and maybe throw in for Mr. Hughes here--he made one statement here that seemed contradictory.    You noted in your testimony that State Department employees should have greater interaction with ISIS supporters online. Yet we've--our past experience with that was one that was a disappointing outcome because they didn't have credibility among would-be jihadists. So if I could throw those two questions out to the panel.    Why would that model work now? What should they do differently to make it work?    Chairman Royce. Quick question to you of the assessment of Dr. Lobel's thesis there because they--what he's doing is televising cinema that challenges extremist ideology and Pakistan--they are doing that, I guess, now in the Middle East trying to promote religious tolerance, trying to hit on this theme of political moderation and pluralism, I guess, and disseminate democratic culture, basically. Your assessment on that?    Chairman Royce. I am going to ask the panel in writing just for emerging technologies. You can give that to us later. I am out of time and I need to go to Dr. Ami Bera of California.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Dr. Bera.    We now go to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher from California.    Chairman Royce. Ridicule took down the KKK, or helped take it down.    Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce. We need to go to Daniel Donovan of New York.    Chairman Royce. Well, let me just thank our witnesses here. We are going to be contacting you. There are some additional questions that we want to ask that we'd like your answers to.    But I--returning to the observation made by Mr. Brad Sherman in terms of the necessity of the collaborative endeavor here I am sure that dialogue will continue and so you've got a second for your motion.    But thank you all and we thank the members. We stand adjourned.