    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Obviously, we have tipped the scales with healthcare prevention toward healthcare prevention. In fact, one of the early meetings with the most recent president of our medical school in Augusta, I think he said then we were spending about 25 percent of every healthcare dollar on preventive, and about 75 percent on critical, and we could cut health care costs tremendously if we could just move that to 50-50. And he felt like that was possible.    Ms. McDonough, I have been very interested in what you have had to say about that, and congratulate you on your work.    You know -- we--The public ObamaCare exchanges are failing, as we all know. I actually introduced legislation, the Transparency and Accountability of Failed State Exchanges, H.R. 4262, it requires failed State exchanges to return unused Federal funds for deficit reduction, requires an audit of how Federal taxpayer dollars were spent.    In our own State, our governor was criticized for not opting to take the Federal dollars and to open up a State exchange, but he obviously knew. In Georgia, we have to balance our budget. He did not want to have to write a blank check. We know that Oregon now is wanting to opt out as well as Kentucky.    Mr. Zern, can you talk about your free-market competitive exchange and how it saves employers and employees money, and how that might help having these private exchanges influence employee choice for health care?    Mr. Allen. One thing I have found about the American people is they want choice, and that is the big problem with the mandatory government health care program.    We know in the business world and we talked about it--    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. We are having problems in Georgia, frankly, because of the status of health of a lot of our citizens there and particularly in my district.    You know we know that the only way to bring down costs in the business world, which I have been a small business owner for years, is by competition. Of course, the health insurance industry, they are consolidating as we speak. There are less and less companies offering health insurance. There are companies who are also saying they are going to get out, they are not going to serve this area or this exchange. They are just making calls.    How do we -- And Mr. Zern I will start with you and we have just a few seconds How do we introduce competition back into the marketplace? For example, ophthalmology. To get your vision corrected, it used to cost $3,000. It is a couple hundred dollars today. How do we do that real quickly? You got 25 seconds.    Mr. Allen. Thank you very much, panel, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.