    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And it's fascinating. Every time I come to a cyber issue, it's just incredibly fascinating. I remember--I'm from California, so, of course, we think that we have encryption and cyber as far cutting edge as possible.    I remember, Mr. Chairman, 20 years ago, when I sat on the Armed Services Committee, we had instituted a military--a bloc on sending encryption out. And at the time, it was Adam Smith and myself were the only ones who were going, wait a minute, if we do that, we're going to lose encryption ability, or technology lead in California or the United States. And, in fact, we struggled, as Symantec and others will tell you, prior to the company, we struggled quite a bit until we were able to undo some of those restrictions.    So you were surprised, even though you had--you thought you had industry covered through the system. So my question to you would be, have you gone back and rethought different levels you might have interacted at the time with respect to that so we don't have the same type of surprise again? Because these issues of export controls and what is used and what is the standard and who's setting the standard and who's got the keys, it's going to come up over and over and over again.    So have you--have any of you gone back and rethought it, say, there might--where you could have interjected industry earlier, or was industry just sort of like, yeah, yeah, yeah? Sometimes that happens here in the Congress. You know, someone comes up to you, yeah, yeah, yeah, sign me on. Then you go back, and you think about it, and you have to pick up the phone and say, wait a minute, maybe what I agreed to isn't exactly what I was thinking at the time.    Ms. Sanchez. Good. That's what we like to hear.    Ms. Sanchez. Secondly, so some countries, or signatories to this, have already started to implement, as you say. And, of course, the big gorilla in the room is the United States, as you know, because we--I think, again, we still hold the edge on this area in the industry, and probably the industry itself.    So what is the process to go back and renegotiate if we've already--if some countries have already started implementing? What would we--what does Congress need to--do you need Congress involved in this? Or is it just an administrative thing where, you know, the administration could go back and say, Hey, guys, we were kidding; let's sit down; we've got to redo this?    Ms. Sanchez. And if that doesn't work, the reality is that we do need to renegotiate?    Ms. Sanchez. Great.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time. And let me just say that I think this is an important issue and, hopefully, we can get a timeline out of the administration about where they might be and--so that we can make sure that we keep up with what's going on on this in case it needs to be renegotiated.