    Mrs. Lawrence. Sister from another mother.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today.    The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP, is our country's most effective and important tool for fighting hunger. In 2015 there were over 45 million SNAP participants. While this number sounds extremely high, the Great Recession drove many to depend on SNAP.    My home State of Michigan was hard-hit by the recession, as many of you know, and SNAP was there to help. Michigan received over $2.5 billion in SNAP benefits, 198 percent higher than the national average. And 1.6 million residents depend on SNAP benefits to survive.    In my district, 49 percent of SNAP participants were in families with children, 27 percent were families with elderly, and 48 were working families. Ladies and gentlemen, understand the qualification income levels to receive SNAP, and 49 percent were working families. In other words, they were working poor.    SNAP is not easy to get. The average monthly benefit is $126 per person. That is less than $32 per person a week. How many of you can live on $32 a week to feed yourself? Not a luxury, food is a human basic need.    Recipients must go through a rigorous application process where they meet specific qualifications and prove their eligibility. SNAP recipients must reapply every 6 to 12 months and inform the State of their income changes. There are even minimum periods of disqualifications ranging from 1 to 6 months, which may be increased by the State SNAP agencies. States even have the option to disqualify an entire family for up to 180 days if the household head fails to comply with work requirements. So a child could be penalized if the parent does not comply.    I would like to enter into the record the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services application booklet, which includes the types of forms families must fill out to get public assistance. And I want you to look at this. This is what a person is given in Michigan, 40 pages they must fill out in order to apply for SNAP.    The SNAP benefit can only be used to purchase approved foods sold by authorized SNAP retailers. There is a restaurant option for populations that have difficulty preparing food such as elderly and veterans, and in a few States, including California, Arizona, and Michigan.    I feel the allegations of fraud and abuse are overblown. SNAP has been one of the lowest fraud rates in any Federal program. Of the past several years, USDA has taken aggressive steps to improve SNAP oversight and to work with States in rooting out waste. USDA have seen declines in the rate of trafficking from 4 percent down to a little over 1 percent of benefits in the last 20 years. While no amount of fraud or waste is acceptable, we must not throw out the baby with the water. You would not shut off the water for an entire street or entire city if a few households leave their hoses on for an entire day. You would not stop buying groceries for your family because the oldest child drank up all of the milk or spilled it.    We should not make the majority suffer for a few bad apples. But this is exactly what we are dealing with today. This year, Speaker Ryan's Task Force on Poverty, Opportunity, and Upward Mobility is proposing to transfer SNAP into a block grant. The 2017 budget, ladies and gentlemen, call on eliminating another block grant of social services for children and elderly. I am worried that some future actions by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will call for eliminating a block grant that they are now trying to put into     And I yield back my time.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, sir. But my sister and I, we are still good.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, sir. SNAP provides critical support to people seeking to enter into the workforce by providing services to people who are looking for employment or training to become self-sufficient in contrast to the stereotype that if you are on SNAP, you are at home not working.    Mr. Dean, some critics of SNAP believe that participation in SNAP discourages work, yet your testimony states that the SNAP participants want to work and do work. Can you explain in more detail how SNAP helps people when they are unemployed and how it helps to support and encourage work? I am sorry, I am sorry. Mrs. Dean, I am sorry.    Mrs. Lawrence. I just can't pass up an opportunity to make a statement here. There are many who debate Planned Parenthood and contraceptives and say that the life of a child is precious. How can we debate that once a child is born that we would not ensure that the child would not be hungry? In America, SNAP program feeds poverty, those who cannot provide, those who are working poor so that they can have food.    And I continue to say food is not a luxury, it is a human basic need. And so it troubles me when you have this conflict of philosophies. Once a child is born in this world and they are in America, we don't have a choice of whether we are born or not, we are born, and that in America this program, SNAP, says that if you are in America, you will be able to get food to eat so that you can live.    Just one last point, Ms. Dean. Many States have suspended the limited due to high unemployment rates during this recent recession, but that is now changing. I understand that some States are kicking hundreds of thousands of people off SNAP this year. Can you discuss why this is happening in some States and not in others?    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you. In closing, I just want to say that the SNAP program, 1 percent fraud, I wish I could sit and look every Federal agency in the eye and say that your fraud or your mismanagement is at 1 percent of everything that you do. I don't want any fraud, but I want to applaud this team and individuals who are in this program knowing that you are there to feed people in America. In today's world there are Americans who are going hungry every day.