    Ms. Cory-Slechta . Sorry. Okay.    In conclusion, what is striking about this and prior Gulf War and Health Committee's finding is that--well, I'll just skip to the end.    Let me just quickly go through these.    Recognize the connections and complex relations between brain and physical functioning and do not exclude any aspect of Gulf War illness. With respect to improving its diagnosis and treatment, the Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense should develop a joint and cohesive strategy on incorporating emerging diagnostic technologies, personalized approaches to medical care into sufficiently powered future research to inform the studies. I would also say, in regards to what I heard before, the importance of biomonitoring of exposures before, during, and after military--the involvement in the military is going to be critical to ultimately providing any associations to chemical exposures. There need to be follow-up for neurodegenerative diseases that have long latencies and are associated with aging, as I mentioned before. And let's see. Without definitive and verifiable individual veteran exposure information, further studies to determine cause and effect relationship between Gulf War chemical exposures and health conditions in Gulf War veterans should not be undertaken. We did come up with a list of outcomes where we believe that there are sufficient data already to suggest an association, that we don't need to do more studies to redemonstrate those, somewhere, 25 years after the war, we're not likely to see anything, and so some of those kinds of health conditions didn't warrant follow-up, as well as some that we said had a longer latency and still needed to be considered.    And, finally, one other thing was to begin to break out sex-specific and race/ethnicity-specific health information, which may be important not only to understanding different vulnerabilities by sex and race but also in terms of understanding mechanisms and treatment for disease.    Thank you. And I'm sorry for going over time.    