    Chairman Kline. Clinging fearlessly to my job and title for a few more weeks, I thank the chairman.    The discussion here fundamentally is about what happens when the Congress takes a bill, works it through, passes it, the President signs it into law, and you have a new law, and an administration, any administration, then goes through the regulatory process and starts to promulgate regulations to allow for the implementation of that law.    The issue is that the administration, any administration, is not allowed to decide what parts of the law it wants to enforce and what parts it wants to change and what parts it wants to leave out. The administration is not allowed to rewrite law.    And so, there are some of us who feel like that is in fact what is happening here with this administration and this Secretary's implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act.    So, Dr. Gordon, I want to come back to you and go through a pretty step by step series of questions and answers so this will be perfectly clear, at least to me and you. I am going to go down the same line that Chairman Rokita was taking up in his questions.    So, Dr. Gordon, the Center for American Progress and the American Enterprise Institute had a specific proposal addressing supplement not supplant, and that proposal was adopted by Congress. Is that correct?    Chairman Kline. And these two organizations also recommended Congress address actual per pupil spending of State and local funds through the law's comparability provision. Is that correct?    Chairman Kline. Right. Okay, right. Does the department's regulatory proposal that we are discussing today reflect the goal behind that proposal?    Chairman Kline. Yes.    Chairman Kline. But did Congress change comparability or any other provision in any way consistent with that proposal?    Chairman Kline. No, that is right. In fact, in the Senate, Senator Bennet offered a specific amendment on comparability that reflected the goals of the organizations' proposal. Did the Senate adopt the Bennet amendment?    Chairman Kline. No. In the House, our colleague, the ranking member of this subcommittee, also offered an amendment with similar goals. Did the House adopt the Fudge amendment?    Chairman Kline. No. So Congress explicitly rejected proposals to address actual per pupil spending in the law, but did adopt the AEI/CAP recommendation to make this information transparent, right?    Chairman Kline. Thank you. I probably had too many words in my question. Thank you. So, to summarize, Congress was aware of recommendations to address actual per pupil spending, as we just noted, in both the House and Senate, but on multiple occasions, flatly rejected this idea selecting instead to require States and school districts make per pupil spending public, yet here we are today examining a regulatory scheme put forth by this administration that Congress explicitly rejected, and that I believe will wreak havoc on communities across the country.    So, Dr. Gordon, again, staying with you, is there any conceivable way to interpret the law's supplement not supplant or comparability provisions as requiring any form of equalized spending between Title I and non-Title I schools?    Chairman Kline. Exactly. Thank you very much. I yield back.