    Ms. Plaskett. Yes, thank you, Chairman, Ranking Member.    And, gentlemen, good evening to you.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, you know, I am a freshman, as well. And it is difficult for me, sitting here as a former prosecutor and a courtroom attorney, not to jump up and shout ``objection'' at a lot of the things that I've been hearing, which are in some instances hearsay and speculation, subjective conclusions that my colleagues are putting forward. It, quite frankly, is a little frightening for me to hear this without being able to say anything, but I'm learning, and so I will stick to how we are doing things here.    Mr. George, you made a Statement that it's important to keep Congress informed. And I find it a little questionable that you would keep Congress informed of facts that in testimony Mr. Camus has Stated previously changed from day to day and that may negatively impact the integrity of investigations as facts change from day to day, 1 day to the next--which, as a previous investigator, I understand that you must come to the full conclusion before you put something out there which may, in fact, change.    So, Mr. Camus, I wanted to ask you about the process that still needs to take place and that changing the narrative of investigations. I understand about the 32,000 emails which have already been produced to the Committee. And how long do you anticipate, after you've finished your analysis of the emails that you have, how long will that take, please? I think you may have Stated.    Ms. Plaskett. And then after the match is done?    Ms. Plaskett. Correct.    Ms. Plaskett. Exactly.    Ms. Plaskett. Right. How long does it usually take you to draft a report, the final report?    Ms. Plaskett. A week or two.    Ms. Plaskett. And so some of the information that you may have given tonight, if facts were asked, may in fact change?    Ms. Plaskett. And so we put that information out to the general public, which may in fact change.    Ms. Plaskett. That's a little troublesome.    And I would ask the chairman and the ranking member that we give them that time period, which, although in the scheme, the long-term scheme of how long we have been investigating, doesn't seem to me to be that much more of a wait.    Thank you.    Ms. Plaskett. Yes. I will yield to the ranking member.