    Mr. Connolly. I thank the ranking member for his generosity.    Obviously, cybersecurity is a sophisticated and evolving national challenge. Meeting the daunting threat requires a broad whole-Government and industry approach that simultaneously enhances what I believe are the three pillars of an effective approach to cybersecurity: people, policy, and practices.    No better demonstration of this importance of individuals in securing information systems than the truism that the number one cybersecurity threat or vulnerability facing any company is the behavior of its own employees. Indeed, the best cybersecurity policies in the world won't amount to a hill of beans if an organization's culture does not translate good policy into better practice.    So I really look forward to hearing the testimony today. I look forward to working with you, Mr. Chairman, and you, Mr. Cummings, as we move forward with some legislative remedies to what I think is a vexing and growing problem that affects both the domestic and, frankly, defense and intelligence sides of the Federal Government. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair and I thank him for his kind remarks.    By the way, I would be glad to work with you. We tried to actually codify the role of CIO and CTO in the Federal Government along the lines originally proposed by the President. We were unsuccessful in that effort the first try, so I would be glad to work with you, because while some of this is by executive order, that does not necessarily survive a particular president. I do think we need to rationalize the hierarchy of responsibility in the Executive Branch, so hopefully we can work with the Executive Branch.    This was early on and maybe didn't have the full attention of the Administration at the time, but, at any rate, I would be glad to work with the chairman, if he is interested in pursuing that legislatively. And I thank him again for his kind remarks. FITARA, although here at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, we prefer to call it Issa-Connolly.    So let me start. Mr. Scott, how would you assess plans for the implementation? There are a lot of elements of the reform bill and we, as you know, intended it not to be another pain in the neck overlay of responsibility that you have to report and do all that. We actually want it to be transformative. We want it to be a management tool for actually achieving efficiency, helping with the management structure, and looking at different ways to harness the power of technology to transform.    Could you briefly just bring us up to date from your perspective, and you are new, how well organized are we and how sincere is the energy within OMB to, in fact, us it as such?    Mr. Connolly. And as I indicated to you in the break while we were voting on the floor, we would like to work with you, and with your office as well, Ms. Seymour, in particular, about implementation and how we are doing and looking at milestones, because we want to use oversight hearings to prod, but also to enhance and augment what you are doing.    Ms. Seymour, there is a role, it seems to me, obviously, for OPM, especially in sort of helping to rationalize the current structure we have. Now, if you go to a major corporation and you ask, no matter how big, how many CIOs do you have, they look at you kind of strange and say, one. Believe me, I have done this in my district. It doesn't matter how big or small, the answer is always the same: one.    Now, over 24 Federal agencies, we have 250 people with the title CIO, and we didn't, by fiat, say thou shalt only have one, but we created a series of incentives in the bill to give you the tool to help rationalize that system and make sure that there is one CIO vested with the authority, the responsibility, the accountability, the flexibility to help engineer these reforms.    Could you comment on that? Because I have to tell you, from the private sector point of view, the Federal Government is not well organized, just that anecdote about how many CIOs we have, frankly, to effectuate the kind of management change we need to to be more efficient. What is OPM doing to try to take advantage of the new law in that respect?    And I know my time has just expired, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the indulgence just for a second. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. I look forward to talking more to you about that.    Would the chairman just allow either GAO or CRS, or both, just to comment? And I am done. But I didn't want to shut them out because I know they have views as well, and GAO has been very supportive of FITARA, otherwise known as Issa-Connolly.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.