    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. King, for being here. Certainly, I am confident that the Senate will see your stellar qualifications and confirm you, so we are just going to claim that.    I too do want to just agree with my colleague, Representative Grijalva, about my concern of accountability for charter schools. Obviously, I'm from the State of Ohio, where our State purposefully, knowingly, sent misleading information to the Federal Government about our charter schools. So I know what it's like.    Dr. King, last year, Congressman Gibson, Senators Portman and Warner, and myself introduced the Go to High School, Go to College Act, which allows students in dual enrollment in early college programs to access Pell Grant dollars while still in high school. In October 2015, the Department announced a pilot program to allow high school students the opportunity to access Federal Pell Grants to take college courses through dual enrollment.    What funding is in the fiscal year 2017 education budget for early Pell and dual-enrollment programs, and what is that status of the Department's pilot program?    Ms. Fudge. I don't want to cut you off, Dr. King, but the time is running. So, indeed, there is no additional funding.    Ms. Fudge. Okay. Now, the early Pell pilot program appears to exclude tuition-free programs. Is that accurate?    Ms. Fudge. Okay, Dr. King. The FY 2017 budget request funds for the creation of a new American Technical Training Fund, which will provide competitive grants to support evidence-based tuition-free job training programs in high-demand fields. I am certainly one that does not believe in competitively funding very many things.    Could you tell me, even though I know that there is a clear need to fund these programs, what plans does the Department have to address the issue for the entirety of our Nation's workforce, not just those who can write a grant?    Ms. Fudge. Which are the people who generally can't write grants very well?    Ms. Fudge. But the competitive grants are still the way you think it should be done?    Ms. Fudge. As my time is running out, the average student debt is about $35,000 a person right now. And you don't need to answer it at this point, but I would like an answer at some point. What funding request are you or have you made to help students better manage their loan repayment so they can have a quality of life they worked so hard for when they went and got a college education? You don't need to answer it, if you would, please, respond.    Ms. Fudge. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.