    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, obviously, that is the game-changing issue of the European Command, Russia and President Putin's aggressiveness in the Ukraine, and I think the chairman summed it up fairly well.    What Mr. Putin is trying to do is fundamentally alter the post-World War II construct in terms of how the world is organized. And it is very unfortunate. You know, when the Soviet Union broke up and the Cold War ended, there was a real opportunity to integrate Russia into that world order which has worked reasonably well. And Russia would have been a great partner and, you know, history can be written about why that didn't work out.    The bottom line is Russia is now attempting to set up again a bi-polar world. They see it as a zero-sum game. What is good for the West is not good for them and they are attempting to reestablish their power and break away as many people as possible from Western influence. And that is bad enough. Worse is that they are aggressive militarily in how they go about trying to do that.    We have seen it in Crimea, we have seen it in Eastern Ukraine, and the real concern is you read about how Russia's top leadership looks at this issue. There is really not much reason to believe that they are going to stop. They believe this sort of aggression has been rewarded. That they have been able to take territory. That they have been able to reestablish themselves as a legitimate power on the world stage.    So confronting that threat is the number one biggest issue, and it is not easy to confront. We do not want to start another war. We want to figure out some way to stop this aggression in a peaceful means. And we have to work with our NATO and European partners in order to achieve that. And, yet, that is not always an easy process either.    But it does also raise questions about something I think this committee had long assumed, was that we could afford to substantially draw down our presence in Europe in order to focus whether it was on the pivot to Asia or to focus on the rising tide of Islamic extremists in various countries in confronting the terrorist threat that that presents.    Now we realize that our presence in Europe is more important than it used to be. So be interested to hear how are we properly positioned in Europe to confront this threat. How are we aligned with our European allies to, hopefully, you know, maximize our assets and theirs, put them together in the best way possible? And what is the most logical way to confront Putin's aggression. I think that is the fundamental and central question that we face in Europe. I look forward to the testimony.    I apologize, I may have to leave a little early. I am still, as I said, I am in between hip surgeries. Good news is my left hip is getting a lot better. Bad news is my right hip is getting a lot worse. But the surgery is coming so sitting for extended periods of time is not something I can do so I may not be here for the whole hearing, but I do look forward to testimony and questions. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. We are pleased to welcome Ms. Christine Wormuth, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, and General Philip Breedlove, Commander, Supreme Allied Command Europe and U.S. European Combatant Command. Thank you all for being here.    Without objection, your full written statement will be made part of the record. And we would invite you to make what oral statements you would like at this point.    Ms. Wormuth.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The big concern with Russia is what would they do next. I mean, obviously, we are focused on the Eastern Ukraine right now, but most of the speculation is that, unchecked, this leads to further problems.    What would they do next? What are you guys most fearful of? Where might they try their little-green-men strategy next, if Eastern Ukraine were to be resolved in their--yes; in their favor?    Mr. Smith. And at this moment, of those possibilities, are there hints that he is moving in one direction to implement one of them or is it just pretty much, at this point, speculation or have there been active steps that Russia has taken that give you concern about one of those specific examples that you mentioned?    Mr. Smith. Understood. And how do we change this mindset of Russia? Part of the--you know, reason for the chairman and I, you know, doing the bill that we did to give Ukraine greater position to defend themselves is to sort of up the military cost.    I mean, obviously, if, you know, the Russian military decides to go, you know, full-force, no matter what we do, you know, they are--Ukraine is no match for them. But the higher the cost, the less likely, in my way of thinking, that he would try this in the future. And yet, the administration has been a little reluctant to cross that line and do that.    And I understand, you know, we don't want to, you know, escalate, but on the other hand, if it was more costly, if it did mean that Russia would have to, you know, commit more troops, more weaponry, lose more of their soldiers; wouldn't that be a discouragement for them to do something in Moldova or in Montenegro or any of these other places that you have talked about?    Mr. Smith. I see no reason to for a second believe that they will be upheld.    Isn't it rather clear at this point that Putin's strategy is to use that negotiation to neutralize Europe from, you know, fully engaging and helping, meanwhile continuing to do exactly what he wants to do?    I mean, is there any counterargument to that interpretation?    Mr. Smith. I think we can pretty much count on it not being upheld, so we should start planning.    Because--it is part of the strategy. It is sort of slow-rolling it, you know, keeping them at bay as he moves through the Eastern Ukraine as he sees fit, so that is something we are going to have to do.    Thank you. I am going to yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Turner.