    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much. Good morning, Madam Chairman. I would like to thank you for holding this hearing to assess Federal preparedness, response, mitigation, and recovery capabilities that have evolved since Hurricane Katrina.    I am pleased that all of the witnesses are able to join us today, particularly Administrator Fugate. Good seeing you again. Yesterday, Secretary Johnson, however, appeared before the full committee for the first time this Congress, and today marks Administrator Fugate's also first appearance.    Although I am troubled that the committee has not had the opportunity to engage agency principles until almost halfway through the Congress, I am pleased that we are beginning to do so and look forward to additional hearings next year.    I would also like to welcome the assistant Democratic leader, James Clyburn, from South Carolina, to the Committee on Homeland Security and ask unanimous consent that he be permitted to participate in today's hearing.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. Ten years ago, Hurricane Katrina destroyed communities along the Gulf Coast, including my home State of Mississippi. Confusion regarding roles and responsibilities at every level of government, gaps in emergency communication technologies, and lack of effective coordination between Federal and State responders undermined immediate response efforts.    Large contractors from outside the Gulf Coast were brought in to do the work that local businesses not only could do, but needed to do themselves, to rebuild and restore local economies. Recovery activities were slow and dragged out, and too often diverse populations and small local businesses were left out of programs to rebuild their own communities.    Almost immediately, a consensus emerged that the Federal response was woefully inadequate. Congress responded by passing the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, which restructured FEMA and our larger emergency response infrastructure.    Three years ago, FEMA's efforts to right the wrongs of Katrina were tested when Hurricane Sandy slammed into the East Coast. The response reflected significant progress in the Federal Government's ability to support State and local disaster response activities and recovery efforts were ultimately bolstered by the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act, which provided for expedited recovery opportunities.    Nevertheless, Federal response and recovery capabilities continue to face serious challenges. For several years, I have raised concern about FEMA's disaster workforce and whether or not they are receiving adequate training.    I understand that FEMA has implemented policies to improve its training and management of the reservist program, but many people have left the reservist workforce in response.    Moreover, a recent GAO report revealed gaps in recruitment of DHS surge force capability and challenges with attrition and costs for FEMA CORE program. These workforce retention issues, coupled with FEMA's morale challenges, will jeopardize FEMA's future disaster response capabilities.    Additionally, I continue to have concerns about FEMA's efforts to ensure that small locally-owned businesses in areas affected by disaster have the opportunities to compete for contracts to rebuild their communities.    According to the GAO, FEMA still cannot determine which companies are indeed local to an area affected by disaster, and pre-Katrina requirements that pre-disaster contracts be positioned to local contracts is not consistently enforced.    FEMA has to work harder to ensure the local small businesses are part of the recovery process, and do more to enforce limitations on noncompetitive disaster contracts.    As I close, Madam Chair, let me say that Director Fugate's tenure there has added stability to the agency. Not without challenges, he is available. There are some differences. We will talk about some of those differences today. But we have needed, for a long time, a steady hand. He has provided that part of it.    Some of the hiccups are kind of downstream, and we will talk a little bit about those today. But nonetheless, we are a better agency because of the Katrina and Sandy experience. Our goal is to continue to be that agency that Americans can count on in their time of need.    I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman.    Administrator Fugate, you raised a fundamental issue that we have grappled with on this committee since its inception. That is the split jurisdictions.    Stafford Act authority is over in Transportation Infrastructure Committee and everything else is over here with us. When an emergency occurs, it is the Stafford Act enactment that kind-of pushed things out. But we get all the calls, you know, the Chairperson and all that.    So--and I say that for the committee's edification--that we really have to fix that and some other things. Because right now, DHS testifies before over 100 committees and subcommittees here in Congress, and that is just too broad a brush. In time of an emergency you really need clear direction. In this instance, that is a classic example.    Mr. Fugate, one of the challenges that I am hearing more and more about is whether or not our reserve workforce and other thing is as robust as we need it should a catastrophic occurrence happen. Can you speak to that?    Mr. Thompson. Well--and I think that, Madam Chairperson, as a military person--you know readiness is always on point. I think at some point, Mr. Administrator, you might have to help us make the case from a financial standpoint that we need to, you know, better to be prepared for the emergency when it happens than not prepared when it happens. Because all of us get the blame in that respect.    So that is a major issue. Obviously, I saw it in Katrina and a little bit in Sandy, but we really need to have the ability to plus-up when something happens.    Mr. Koon, can you speak to the agreements that States have with FEMA that get called upon, and how, whether or not you have seen a difference between States? Is there a uniform agreement, and is that uniform agreement applied all the way down to the local level?    Or, you have good areas, bad areas? I think Congressman Clyburn is going to talk a little bit about his experience, is, when you have, like South Carolina, you have some counties that handle it very well and some counties that don't. What kind of challenge does that set for from an emergency management perspective?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    I yield back, Madam Chair.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Some of us are probably not as adept to social media as we ought to be. What is Periscope?    Mr. Thompson. No.    Mr. Thompson. I understand.    Mr. Thompson. Okay. Now I know.    Mr. Thompson. Okay. One of the things you talked about, some of us represent significantly rural populations. Basically, so much of that population, just like an inner-city population, is at risk when a disaster occurs. To what extent do you require States to address that in a plan?    For instance, I have two cities in my district with public transportation. That is it. I have some counties with no form of transportation. If we have a disaster, then, you know, if you have a vehicle you are fine. But a majority of them do not. So is there any oversight or anything that you require States to put in a plan for those type populations?    Mr. Thompson. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Currie, have you all looked at this?    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Koon.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    I yield back.