    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much, and thank you, Chairman Bridenstine and Chairman Loudermilk, for holding today's hearing. I'd also like to thank and welcome our witnesses this morning.    As has been stated by our Chairman, the goal of the Committee's oversight in this area is simple. It's to ensure that both the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites (GOES) are technically sound and operationally robust when they're completed, which we all hope is as soon as possible. As satellites that have a critical role in weather forecasting, losing coverage of either system could have serious, perhaps catastrophic effects on our public safety.    Unfortunately, NOAA's development of both of these weather satellite systems has had a rocky path. They've been plagued by cost growth, poor schedule performance, technical issues and management challenges.    During the Subcommittee's hearing on these projects in February it seemed that JPSS was the more troubled of the two but now it looks like GOES-R has now been delayed by more than six months until, as the Chairman said, the new October 2016 launch date, which may still be at risk.    These ongoing delays on these programs increase the cost of the satellites, distort NOAA's budget, and limit the agency's resources for weather forecasting and important research into weather, oceans, and climate science.    We know that satellite acquisition is no easy task and these problems are not unique to NOAA. They routinely occur in the development of satellite programs by the Department of Defense, the U.S. intelligence community, NASA. But that isn't an excuse, and I believe that NOAA recognizes that this is an unsustainable model, and that going forward the agency will need to find a more efficient and more reliable means of putting its instruments into orbit.    Shifting back to the work conducted by Mr. Powner and his team at GAO, it's my understanding that since 2012 they've issued 23 recommendations to NOAA that they believe will strengthen the agency's acquisition efforts and improve their contingency planning, but to date, just six of these recommendations have been implemented. So I'm interested in learning more today about the remaining recommendations and NOAA's progress in addressing them.    Additionally, I think it's important for Congress and this Committee to have a clear understanding of NOAA's policies and planning as it relates to these critical satellites. NOAA's decision to change the expected lifespan of its weather satellites needs to be transparent and clearly documented. NOAA's satellites also provide the data necessary for our weather models and the critical forecasting and warning products and services provided by the National Weather Service. In fact, the capabilities of the National Weather Service are directly dependent on the quality and success of our satellite programs as well as a highly skilled workforce.    So while it's not the focus of today's hearing, I want to mention some important work GAO is conducting on behalf of my colleagues, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Lipinski, and me. Specifically, we've been concerned about the number of vacancies that currently exist in the National Weather Service's field offices, and we've asked GAO to review present and future staffing levels in order to support the agency's efforts to evolve its operational components and to increase its decision support services. Ensuring an adequate workforce is also central to achieving NOAA's public safety mission. We can't afford a weather satellite gap, and it is essential that NOAA keep these programs on track. I know these are both technically difficult and critically important issues that NOAA needs to address.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Chairman. I look forward to today's hearing.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much.    Dr. Volz, I have a culture question for you, and it's not a hostile question, just to warn you up front. Now, Mr. Powner talked about ``extremely poor schedule performance'' on one aspect of this. I read all Rick Atkinson's trilogy on the war in Europe, World War II, and Eisenhower again and again gave impossible timelines to his generals for invasions of North Africa, Sicily, Italy and Normandy. If you read Walter Isaacson's book on Steve Jobs, Jobs again and again gave his team impossible tasks.    So the question is, does NOAA surge? Do people work nights and weekends? Is there a sense of urgency about these things, and how is that urgency modeled by the leadership? Or is it business as usual, people come in at 9 on Monday morning and go home at 5 on Friday afternoon?    Mr. Beyer. Let me try to fit one more question in here too, Dr. Volz.    So Mr. Powner, the GAO had made 11 recommendations regarding JPSS, and NOAA's only implemented two of them, and 12 recommendations regarding GOES-R, and NOAA's implemented four of those. Can you explain the gap between the recommendations made by GAO and the ability to respond?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you.    And very quickly, Dr. Volz, on the life plan extension, Mr. Powner talked about NOAA should have disclosed that sooner, that that data's been around since 2005, it almost, if I were a skeptical person, I think we'd extended the lifespan in order to make sure that we don't look like there's a gap. Can you explain this?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Dr. Volz, in Mr. Powner's testimony, he talked about how the delivery one of the satellite's critical instruments, the ATMS, Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder, had been delayed, but in the last quarterly update that this Committee received, NOAA said that it had to be delivered by the end of November to maintain the JPSS-1 launch date. And your testimony now, you say that you can maintain that launch date despite the fact that the ATMS won't be delivered until the end of December. Can you explain the conflict?    Mr. Beyer. You had flexibility----    Mr. Beyer. Great. In your testimony, Dr., you talked about that the GOES-R team is applying all the lessons learned from the last two years to do timely and successful completion of GOES-S, T, U satellites. Does the same theory work with the JPSS? Because I know you've now moved to a new contractor for JPSS-2. Any risks because you're not building with the old contractor on what you learned doing that?    Mr. Beyer. So clearly, when you made the new award, it was understanding that this was a piece of the overall puzzle?    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Powner, you said the very attractive idea that perhaps Congress could reduce its expenditures in upcoming years. Can you expand on that a little?    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you.    Dr. Volz, did you have any comments?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.