    Mr. Pitts. The subcommittee will come to order.    The chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Today's health subcommittee hearing will be examining the costly and burdensome regulations regarding the menu labeling requirements as proposed by the administration and scheduled to be implemented by December 1, 2015. The subject of our hearing, H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act, is sponsored by our subcommittee colleague and Republican conference chair, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, and Representative Loretta Sanchez. The legislation will help small business owners, franchisees, as well as consumers who want easy access to accurate nutrition information. Covered establishments, including pizza delivery businesses and grocery stores will be subject to a cumbersome, rigid, and costly regulatory compliance process to avoid violations and possible criminal prosecution.    H.R. 2017 seeks to improve and clarify the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration implementing the menu labeling requirements of Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act. The FDA issued a nearly 400-page final rule establishing a one-size-fits-all national nutrition disclosure requirement for restaurants and similar retail food establishments.    The concern is that this final rule goes well beyond what was intended by the ACA. The obligations are imposed not only on chain restaurants, including delivery establishments, but also on any other chain retailer that sells non-packaged food such as grocery store salad bars, and convenience stores' meals to go. Small businesses that are not chain restaurants but are indeed subject to the rule will face a dramatic increase in regulatory compliance cost.    Consumers most assuredly will see higher food costs, perhaps fewer choices. Some retailers may find it more advantageous to stop selling restaurant-type food altogether. So instead of purchasing fresh sandwiches, consumers may have to buy pre-packaged sandwiches, since those will not require the retailer to comply with labeling requirements.    Fixing this burdensome regulation could benefit tens of thousands of restaurants, grocery stores, convenience stores, small business owners, that otherwise would be burdened with regulations that will be costly and hurt job creation. According to the Office of Management and Budget, FDA's menu labeling proposal would be the third most burdensome regulation proposed in 2010; 14,536,183 hours to comply.    The objective of this legislation is to provide clarity, flexibility, and certainty for these companies, while also ensuring consumers have access to the information they need to make informed nutritional decisions.    So I look forward to the testimony today. I yield the balance of my time to Representative Morgan Griffith who would like to introduce some of our witnesses.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now yields Mr. Green 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the chair of the full committee, Mr. Upton, 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady.    That concludes the opening statements. As usual, any members' written opening statements will be made a part of the record.    I have one request. I would like to submit the following document for the record, a statement from the Food Marketing Institute.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. We have one panel before us today, and I will introduce them in the order of their presentation.    First, Ms. Sonja Yates Hubbard, Chief Executive Officer of E-Z Mart Stores, Inc., on behalf of the National Association of Convenience Stores; secondly, Mr. Israel O'Quinn that Congressman Griffith introduced, Director of Strategic Initiatives, Food City, on behalf of the Food Marketing Institute and National Grocers Association; third, Ms. Lynn Liddle, Executive Vice President, Communications, Legislative Affairs, Investor Relations of Domino's on behalf of American Pizza Community; next Ms. Karen Raskopf, Chief Communications Officer for Dunkin' Brands, Inc.; and, finally, Ms. Margo Wootan, Director of Nutrition Policy Center for Science in the Public Interest.    Thank you each for coming today. You will each be given 5 minutes to summarize your written testimony. Your written testimony will be entered into the record. There is a series of lights on your desk, and when it hits red, we ask that youwould please conclude.    I will have to run tight gavel today. I will monitor my little TV. On the floor we are scheduled to vote between 11:00 and 11:30. So we will go as long as we can. Hope to get through the members' questions.    So at this point, Ms. Hubbard, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your summary.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Pitts. Now recognizes Mr. O'Quinn 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Pitts. Now recognizes Ms. Liddle 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Pitts. Now recognizes Ms. Raskopf 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Pitts. Now recognizes Dr. Wootan 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Pitts. As Mr. Lance said, I overheard him, he said, ``You are making me hungry.''    Thank you for the testimony. We will now begin questioning, and I will recognize myself 5 minutes for that purpose.    To all the panelists, let me start with this question: With the implementation date of December 1, less than 6 months away, there is still a lot of outstanding questions for the FDA. Considering the short amount of time for compliance and the lack of guidance from FDA, would you all agree that there should at least be a delay for implementation? Just yes or no, if we can go down the line.    Ms. Hubbard.    Mr. Pitts. Mr. O'Quinn.    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Liddell.    Ms. Raskopf.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Go to Mrs. Hubbard, or Ms. Hubbard. What are the biggest issues your businesses are facing? And what do you anticipate the costs will be for implementing these regulations?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. O'Quinn, could you answer that question. What are your biggest issues you are facing with this?    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Liddle, would you please respond to that question. Biggest issues your businesses are facing and the costs?    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Hubbard, you said you would support a delay. If Congress or FDA unilaterally should act to delay compliance for a year, does that solve the problem, or would we simply be back here a year from now hearing testimony debating regs again. Shouldn't we just put H.R. 2017 on a fast track to the White House?    Mr. Pitts. My time is expired. I will have to send my questions to you in writing.    At this time I recognize ranking member, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlemen and now recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Schrader, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. And also I have another UC request from the ranking member, a letter from Wegmans put in the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman, now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Dr. Murphy, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. Members are advised we are now voting on the floor. So we will keep going for, watching the vote total. I will get us over there in time.    The ranking member submitted another letter for, a UC request to be submitted to the record, signed by Congressman Loebsack, Welch, Kilmer, Ruppersberger, and Schrader to Secretary Burwell. Without objection, it will be entered in the record.    Mr. Pitts. And the chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady. We have 8 minutes left in the vote. The chair recognizes Cathy McMorris Rodgers for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady. And we have less than 3 minutes to get to the floor and vote. The chair recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. The time has expired on the floor. We have additional questions. I am sure members will. We will submit those to you in writing. If you will please respond.    This has been a very, very interesting, informative hearing. I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. I ask witnesses to respond promptly. Members should submit their questions by the close of business on Thursday, June 18.    So thank for your patience, your testimony. And it is time for lunch I think. With that, excellent hearing. Without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned.