    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Garrett. And thank you, Ranking Member Maloney, for holding this hearing.    It seems to me that when it comes to innovation the United States is the envy of the world. And we are the envy not only because our economy values and rewards entrepreneurship and hard work, but because our markets are transparent, safe, and liquid.    My first question goes to Professor Brown. The discussion draft of the Small Business Credit Availability Act creates multiple classes of preferred stock, each with different shareholder rights. With different characteristics and rights, do the new classes of preferred stock pose risk to retail investors?    Mr. Hinojosa. Mr. Brown, as you know, H.R. 2187 would classify brokers, investment advisers, accountants, and lawyers as accredited investors. The legislation assumes that these persons or entities by nature of their profession are sophisticated enough to understand the private securities offerings under Regulation D. Do you have any concerns for these classes of persons being deemed sophisticated under the law?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you.    My next question is to Vincent Foster.    Pursuant to Section 413 of Dodd-Frank, the SEC is currently working on a study of whether it needs to redefine its current accredited investor definition. Rather than jumping in with a legislative fix, do you think we should wait to see how the SEC comes out on any changes to the definition?    Mr. Hinojosa. Okay.    Next question is for Mr. Arougheti. In your testimony you have indicated that commercial banks and other traditional financing sources continue to retrench the business of providing loans to small and medium-sized companies. Can you elaborate on your prepared testimony and provide us some insights into why you think this retrenchment is happening? And what, if anything should be done to ensure that those small and medium-sized businesses have adequate access to capital?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you. I yield back.