    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to provide testimony to you today about the administration's efforts to address the opioid epidemic in the United States.    Mr. Chairman, as you recognized, in 2013 almost 44,000 Americans died of a drug overdose. That's one drug overdose death every 12 minutes. Using ONDCP's role as the coordinator of the Federal Drug Control agencies, in 2011, we published the administration's Prescription Drug Abuse Prevention Plan to address the sharp rise in prescription opioid drug abuse in this country since 1999. As you know, the plan consists of action items categorized under four pillars: Education of patients and prescribers; increased prescription drug monitoring; proper medication disposal; and informed law enforcement.    With the work of our HHS partners here today, and other Federal partners as part of the Interagency Prescription Drug Work Group convened by ONDCP, we have made some strides in each of these areas, but there is much more to be done.    Since time in graduate medical education programs devoted to the identification of treatment of substance abuse disorders is rare, we have worked with our Federal partners to develop continuing education programs about substance abuse, managing pain appropriately, and treating patients using opioids more safely. Many prescribers in Federal agencies, including HHS, are receiving this important training. Despite this, a large percentage of prescribers have not availed themselves of this training. Therefore, the administration continues to press for mandatory prescriber education tied to controlled substance licensure. I am pleased that Secretary Burwell has expressed her support for working with Congress to set requirements for specific training for opioid prescribers.    Today, all States but one, Missouri, have prescription drug monitoring programs that allow prescribers to check on drug interactions as well as alert them to the signs of dependence on opioids. Missouri is also working to authorize a PDMP program. With almost all States implementing PDMPs, we are focusing on improving State-to-State data sharing, and improving access to PDMP data within the health record systems providers use every day.    In October, the Drug Enforcement Administration's final regulation on controlled substances disposal became effective. ONDCP and our Federal partners and stakeholders have begun to inform the public about these regulations and look to ways to stimulate more local disposal programs in partnerships with pharmacies, local government, community groups, and local law enforcement.    And the work of our law enforcement partners at the Federal, State, and local levels is ongoing. Those engaged in fraud across the drug control supply chain are being investigated and prosecuted.    Recent data shows we are seeing an overdose from prescription opioids leveling off in this country, but a dramatic 39 percent increase in heroin overdoses from 2012 to 2013. This is creating an additional need for treatment in a system where a well-known gap between treatment capacity and demand already exists. Therefore, we must redouble our efforts to address people who are misusing prescription opioids, since we know this is a major risk factor for subsequent heroin use.    Earlier this week, the administration held the inaugural meeting of the congressionally mandated interagency Heroin Task Force. Mary Lou Leary, our Deputy Director for State, Local, and Tribal Affairs, is one the cochairs for this committee. In addition, the President's FY '16 budget request includes $99 million in additional funding for treatment and overdose prevention efforts.    We have also been working to increase access to the emergency opioid overdose reversal drug, naloxone, and to promote Good Samaritan laws so that witnesses can take steps to help save lives. Many police and fire departments have already trained and equipped their personnel with this life-saving drug, and loved ones of people with opioid drug use disorders are equipping themselves as well.    And while law enforcement and other first responders have an important role to play, the medical establishment also must become more engaged to identify and treat heroin and prescription opioid use disorders. Every day, these people appear in our emergency departments and other medical settings, and more models and interventions are needed to get these individuals engaged in care.    We also need to expand availability of evidence-based opioid use disorder treatments. Medication-assisted treatment, which uses FDA-approved medications, combined with behavioral and other recovery supports, has been shown to be the most effective treatment for opioid use disorders. Decisions about the most appropriate treatment options and their duration need to be agreed upon by both the patient and the treatment provider.    We must also provide community supports, such as access to housing, employment, and education, to give patients the functional tools they need to lead healthier lives and fully integrate into the community as part of their recovery process.    While we support multiple pathways to recovery, the literature shows that short-term treatment, such as detoxification alone, is not effective and carries risk of relapse and overdose death. Because of the lack of availability of evidence-based maintenance treatments and the strong connection between injection of opioid drugs and infectious disease transmission, we also promote the use of public health strategies that will help prevent the further spread of infectious disease. The HIV and hepatitis C outbreak in Scott County, Indiana, is a stark reminder of how opioid use can spread other diseases, how comprehensive public health strategies, such as syringe exchange programs, need to be part of the response to the opioid use epidemic, and how rural communities that have limited treatment capacity may experience additional public health crises.    Finally, we are continuing our efforts to address neonatal abstinence syndrome. Research published just yesterday shows that the incidence of NAS has grown nearly fivefold between 2000 and 2012 and that 81 percent of the 2012 hospital charges for NAS were attributed to Medicaid. We must consider that the best interest of babies with NAS is often served by best addressing the interests of the mother. Therefore, we need to provide safe harbor for pregnant and parenting women seeking prenatal care and treatment.    In conclusion, we look forward to working with Congress and our Federal partners on the next stage of action to address this epidemic. Thank you.    Mr. Botticelli. So I think, you know, from our perspective, and also as a person in recovery, clearly we want to make sure that people are continuing to progress in their recovery, and that kind of freedom from substances is the ultimate goal of recovery programs, and I think everyone would agree on that, but we also know that substance use, and particularly opioid use disorders, are a significant chronic disorder, and that oftentimes, and even my own experience show me, that people often will experience relapse and will often, I think, need multiple attempts at treatment to get to that final goal of long-term recovery and long-term abstinence.    And so we really want to make sure that we're continuing to engage with patients, that we're moving them toward better health, better recovery, and being free from substance abuse as part of long-term recovery.    Mr. Botticelli. So let me start.    Mr. Botticelli. Let me start with that, because it's actually part of our statutory authority----    Mr. Botticelli. We actually do meet regularly. So we have quarterly meetings to focus on where we are.    Mr. Botticelli. Thank you, Congressman. And as many of my colleagues have talked about today, increasing access to medication-assisted treatment along with other behavioral therapies is the best course of treatment for people with an opiate use disorder. Unfortunately, one of the access issues that we find in addition to issues around payment has been particularly lack of access within the criminal justice system, and we know that many people with opioid use disorders are ending up in our system.    Drug courts, some drug courts have not adapted policies that the National Association of Drug Court Professionals endorse in terms of ensuring that people who do have an opioid use disorder get access to those medications, as well as not predicating their participation that they get off these medications.    Part of what we've been doing on the Federal level is using our Federal contracting standards to ensure that people with opioid use disorders, whether it's in a drug court or a treatment program or in other venues, are offered access to medication-assisted treatment and are not denied participation based on the fact that they are on physician-prescribed medication.    Mr. Botticelli. One of the other opportunities that we have is ensuring that all of our treatment programs either offer medication-assisted treatment or to refer to programs that have medication-assisted treatment. An analysis of our treatment programs show that a very low percentage of them have incorporated medication-assisted therapies into their programs. Some of this, Congressman, quite honestly, has been by myth and misunderstanding and this divide between abstinence-based care and medication-assisted treatment, which I think is really unfortunate that we have here, so we really want to make sure that if a client is entering a treatment program that has particularly Federal funding needs to offer, by way of its own offering or through referral, medication-assisted treatment.    Mr. Botticelli. And other panelists could add--this is--we've actually been doing that as a condition of their Federal----    Mr. Botticelli. You know, again, we want this to be decided by an expert in addiction services in consultation with the----    Mr. Botticelli. And this is where I'm glad the committee is actually going to be talking at State level, because as a former State administrator, States do play a crucial role. There are many, many programs out there that actually don't receive Federal funding, or drug courts that don't receive Federal founding. We hope that our policies and procedures are adopted by those nonfederally funded programs, but States play a key role in licensing treatment programs.    Mr. Botticelli. And they, I think, can look at the opportunities of increasing or ensuring that State licensing treatment programs also the have same kind of language.    Mr. Botticelli. So, Congressman, I appreciate your attention to this. And, you know, myself and many of our colleagues have been doing this work for a long time and, I think, are filled with a sense of tragedy in terms of where we are, and know that we can do better and know that we can work with Congress.    You asked for one. I think there are three areas, and some of these are articulated in the Secretary's plan, that we've got to do. We've got to change prescribing patterns in this. We are prescribing way too much medication, and that's starting the trajectory. We need to increase our capacity to treat the disease so that people who go down that path have adequate access. And the third is that we really need to focus on reducing overdose deaths.    Those are three areas that I think we can work with Congress on to really look at how do we increase our efforts.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure. We do support mandatory prescriber education. I think for all of the evidence that you've heard today, it's very clear that if we really want to prevent both prescription drug misuse and heroin use and overdoses, we need to stop prescribing these medications so liberally.    There was a recent GAO report that showed that physicians get little to no pain prescribing, and actually veterinarians get more pain prescribing than physicians in the United States. So we don't think that it's overly burdensome to require physicians in this epidemic to have education.    I think, as you talked about it, we'd have to work with the legislature to look at changes to the Controlled Substances Act to ensure that a certified continuing medical education program would be linked to the DEA licensure or relicensure process, and that we would oversee those courses that we believe have the core competencies that we think are important and monitor who takes those.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure. So, to your first question, obviously, naloxone distribution by as many people who have the potential to witness an overdose is particularly important. And law enforcement, particularly in rural counties, also play a key role in that effort.    I will tell you, by way of--when I was in Massachusetts, we significantly increased access to naloxone and actually did a peer-reviewed study that showed when you introduced naloxone into a community, overdose rates go down. And the more naloxone you introduce, the better the scale effect.    You know, one of the pieces that we are concerned about--but there is absolutely no evidence to show that naloxone distribution actually increases drug use. Some of the issues that you mentioned become critically important, that overdoses are often seen as a significant motivator for people to seek care. But having treatment on demand is a particular issue. Treatment on demand, particularly in some of our rural communities, is particularly an issue.    Interventions that are emergency departments to get people into care become critically important. So while we know that addiction is a chronic disease, and some people do continue to use, when you have these adverse events, but we also need to know we have to have a comprehensive response, not just saving someone's life.    Mr. Botticelli. Prescription drug.    Mr. Botticelli. Sure.    Mr. Botticelli. So, first of all, just about the staff from all of the agencies on this table coordinate on a daily basis in tight coordination with the Indiana Health Department to make sure that we are giving Scott County the resources they need to do that.    Mr. Botticelli. You're absolutely right that while we're seeing huge--I think we're over 145 cases of HIV now--one of the consequences we've seen nationally is increases in viral hepatitis as it relates to sharing needles. And I think it also points to some issues that we need to include about access to treatment services.    So I think what's happening in Indiana in Scott County is emblematic of the potential that we could see in other parts of the country but points to some of the issues that we've been talking about today in terms of making sure that people have access to good care, both infectious disease care and substance abuse care; they have adequate access to clean syringes so that they are not increasing infection in this most poignant case of what we need; and that they're having timely access to treatment services, I think, are all areas to do that.    We'll continue to engage with folks in Scott County to make sure that whatever we can do on the Federal side can help alleviate the situation.    Mr. Botticelli. So I think there are a number of issues. The National Association of Drug Court Professionals actually did a survey of drug courts in the United States. And for those drug courts that were not referring, it was actually more about judicial bias than it was about fear of diversion that kept people from doing that.    I think the second piece that any treatment, whether it's medication-assisted treatment or residential treatment, requires a level of collaboration and relationship between the court and the provider to ensure that courts who are referring to treatment are referring to high-quality treatment.    You know, we do need to pay attention to diversion. And drug courts, I think in combination with treatment programs, can ensure that these are appropriately prescribed and appropriately monitored medications. And they need to make sure that they're partnering with physicians who are implementing and dispensing medications in a high-quality way.    Mr. Botticelli. So we don't dictate to drug courts what medications. That actually should be a decision between the treatment provider and the patient.    I think our work here was just to make sure that there weren't categorical prohibitions for drug courts either to not offer medication-assisted therapies and, if someone was on a recommended course of treatment, that they not have to get off the medications to do that.    We actually don't dictate what medications courts use to be able to do that. I think, like any treatment, you want to have an arsenal of medications.