    Mr. Hewitt. Chairman Kline, distinguished committee members, thank you for providing me with this opportunity to talk to you about the importance of right-to-work in the workplace.    I want to start out by saying that I am not anti-union, in spite of many of those assertions from various union members after I agreed to come here today. Unfortunately, I do live in a compulsory union state. By virtue of the fact that my company, the United Way of Southeastern Connecticut has a union, I am forced to be a union member, whether or not I wish to be.    We have had certain issues recently which have convinced us, the members, to do some research and determine what our rights actually are. Luckily, we discovered that we do, in fact, have the right to disassociate. Let me give you some background about that.    Basically, during recent contract negotiations with the OPEIU, our current union, our union officials, refused to bring any issues to the table to talk to the employees at all about what was presented to them, what issues were on the table, what was being negotiated. Most infuriating to us was the fact that the union representatives agreed to--and they claimed to--they claimed that they agreed that management had encouraged them and required them to keep a veil of secrecy and that no one could present anything to the employees during this negotiating process.    During this period, I stood up at a union meeting and noted the employees' strong displeasure with the secret negotiating process, which limited the union's ability to communicate with membership. I stated my belief to the union officials that failure to communicate with employees prevented them from faithfully fulfilling their duty to represent us.    In addition, I asked that those officials would consider signing a prospective document assuring that never again would they agree to any such process that would limit their ability to communicate with membership. The union, unfortunately, declined to make any such pledge.    Our members--many members stood up and agreed with me and noted their own displeasure with the entire negotiating process. Employees expressed frustration with the way the union officials were treating employees and had treated us for many years. Employees who dared to question the union were treated extremely rudely at this and other meetings.    We were, quite frankly, amazed that it is possible that this union tasked with representing this body of people would speak to us in such a rude fashion and treat our collective requests with such wanton disregard. It was the way that the members were treated during those meetings that convinced me and my associates to disassociate from the union's actions. Long-standing members of our union were belittled and verbally abused for simply speaking up.    The first impulse I and other members had was to drop the union altogether and negotiate directly as individuals or find another union, perhaps. But we learned--and a simple Google search allowed me to determine that there is a way to decertify. So we set about, we collected a petition with over 50 percent of our members agreeing. It was my belief, our belief, that we could submit this to management prior to the signing of the next contract and we could continue to move forward without the union.    Unfortunately, there is a contract bar rule, which provides only a small window of opportunity for that petition to be submitted. I went to and did another Google search. I was lucky to find Glenn Taubman at the National Right-to-Work, and he explained that there was this other provision, a way to disassociate and at least not be forced to pay another three years of union dues and have no one listen to us.    The bottom line is we really do not want to have to sit there and be ignored for another three years. There is absolutely no other way for us to get their attention to get them to work on our behalf and do as we ask, other than to have a vote and be able to say look, enough is enough. We had that vote; on April 30th 62 percent of the membership, in fact, voted yes, we do want to disassociate with this union.    However, the union raised an objection and indicated that--falsely, I might add--that I had some contact with the management that encouraged me to do this process. It couldn't be farther from the truth, and it should be immaterial. Irregardless, we are still waiting for the NLRB to issue the decision to certify the results of that election and allow us to move on.    In closing, I would like to say that without right-to-work, unions are all but guaranteed to become complacent and lazy in responding to the wishes of their members. This behavior borne of the ability to force dues from all employees or to get them fired is guaranteed to cause a rift between the union members and the union leadership, and will ultimately result in the collapse of the unions themselves.    Without right-to-work freedom to chose, any claim of solidarity is an obvious farce. The only way individual members can have influence over union officials is through the power of the pocketbook. Our ability to de-authorize the union dues clauses from our contract, in essence, is a line item veto of compulsory financial participation, and it has given us the chance to encourage the OPEIU union to act in the employees' best interest and to earn our voluntary support.    I think passage of a national right-to-work act would strengthen every worker in the United States who works under a monopoly bargaining arrangement. And I think that the NLRB must be stopped as it tries to weaken and undermine these rights with this parallel de-authorization process.    Mr. Hewitt. I put in a lot of hours. Most of this behavior, all of this effort is done off hours, individually, via individual email. It is not done during company time.    Mr. Hewitt. And it is--we do--I am a little upset, because we do have a lot of union involvement. And there have been extreme threats of pulling back, pulling away and not supporting to the degree that they have. There have been claims that unions in our area support your organization. And because you are doing this antiunion thing of disassociating, we are going to pull our support.    Now, okay, you are affecting the community because we, as the members, find that we are not represented; that we, in fact, do not have a union that works for us, but work for themselves. Because we are raising our hands and objecting to that and trying to exercise our rights, you want to affect the entire community?    Mr. Hewitt. It seems not to matter. It seems not to matter.    Mr. Allen.--are unfortunate and can't help themselves.    Mr. Hewitt. Right.    Mr. Hewitt. That is the message. I am hoping that it--    Mr. Hewitt. It didn't prevent our membership from standing up for our rights and for saying in spite of that, we don't feel that we can continue. A number of our members did, obviously. We had 100 percent participation, but we had 62 percent who said no, we cannot continue--    Mr. Hewitt. In what circumstances would I financially support? Basically, they were unresponsive because they failed to communicate with us during the union negotiating process. They absolutely refused to tell us what was under consideration. They refused to listen to us as we went forward, in spite of repeated attempts to request that they do so. So they were entirely unresponsive and refused to change their ways in any way, shape, or form. What was the second part of the question?    Mr. Hewitt. I started this by saying that I am not anti-union. And just because we have the right to not be members, I am personally going to remain a member and try to work with our union and to convince them that they need to listen to us; that if they want to ensure their future, the future of unions in general, they need to listen to us.    This is the only thing at my disposal to force our card to force them to, in fact, listen to us. It is not that I don't want to pay my dues. That has--that couldn't be further from the truth. The fact is I will happily pay my dues if they, in fact, are willing to listen to me, to do as we ask them to do, to consider our perspective and not go off on a tangent and do whatever it is they want to do for themselves, individually or for a very small portion of the union membership.    It is not that I would not pay. In fact, the issue at concern isn't really right-to-work. It is this one little clause that says if I have a grievance, I want to charge you for representation during that grievance. Well, all of my grievances are with the union itself. So you mean to tell me that I am going to have the pay the union to represent me in my grievance against themselves? That is just incredibly insane. Why would I want to do that?    You know, I have pledged to remain a union member. I have pledged to continue on this fight and to continue to have these grievances. But my grievances are not with management. My grievances are with the union itself in their failure to listen to me, the member and the rest of our members. Those are my grievances.    And to assume that their representation is valuable or to assume that it is desired, that is just false. I could pay to have them stay away. If I had to pay, I would pay someone else to represent me. But no way would I ever think that it would be reasonable for you to charge me for them to represent me against themselves. That is just insane.