    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Goldfuss, thanks for being here. The Presidential Memorandum directs agencies to give preference to advance compensation. Can you please tell me how that might affect statutes like the Endangered Species Act or the Marine Mammal Protection Act, that provide for mitigation, but have not historically been interpreted to mandate the use of compensation?    Mr. Labrador. But I am asking about advance compensation.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. With respect to the sage grouse, the FWS and the BLM avoided a listing by amending the resource management plans. My question is how the large-scale plan described in the Memo relates to these new RMPs containing the special restrictions for sage grouse? What assurance is there that this will not undo the work that is being done on the ground or add another layer of requirements on top of the already-existing RMPs?    Mr. Labrador. Does the Memo intend to direct the agencies to seek advance compensation for potential impacts to sage grouse under the RMPs?    Mr. Labrador. So the answer is it could, correct?    Mr. Labrador. So you are changing the plan in some way.    Mr. Bean, what is the definition of ``harmful effects'' ?    Mr. Labrador. Isn't that kind of dangerous, to put out a memo that has something that is undefined? Is this an objective standard, or a subjective standard?    Mr. Labrador. Like what I consider harmful may be different than what you consider harmful.    Mr. Labrador. What does that experience tell us the definition of ``harmful effect'' is?    Mr. Labrador. You do not have one. That is the point I am trying to make. You do not have a definition for that.    Mr. Labrador. Well, that is----    Mr. Labrador. OK. So, will there be a process for those disagreements to be resolved? If you and I disagree on the definition of ``harmful effect,'' who is going to make the ultimate determination?    Mr. Labrador. So, an administrative agency is going to make a decision based on an undefined term. Is that what you are telling us?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you.    Mr. Labrador. Yes, that is exactly what is happening. The Memorandum also uses the term ``natural resource damage.'' Can you provide some examples of Forest Service activities that may be considered natural resource damages?    Mr. Labrador. You, Mr. Bean, on what your agency would consider natural resource damages.    Mr. Labrador. Mr.--is it Ferebee?    Mr. Labrador. How would you define that term?    Mr. Labrador. Ms. Goldfuss, who will determine which resources are important, scarce, or sensitive? Are these terms defined in statute?    Mr. Labrador. Are they defined? Are they defined in the statute?    Mr. Labrador. But are those definitions in the statutes? I know they have goals, but are there----    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will just follow up on that comment. You keep saying, ``these long-standing statutes.'' Can you give me a list of--for example, I think it was Mr. Westerman who asked you what the term ``irreplaceable character'' is, and you said that there is a list of statutes. Where is that in the statutes, ``irreplaceable character'' ?    Mr. Labrador. The term----    Mr. Labrador. Well, I want the term.    Mr. Labrador. This is ridiculous, what you are saying. The term has to be defined. We did not give you authority to just come up with a term. We gave you authority to define what we gave you authority to do. What you are doing, is you are trying to tell us and tell the American people what a certain term means without any definition; that is just going to give you open-ended analysis of what you can do or you cannot do.    We give you the authority, it is not the other way around. So can you tell me in the statute where that term is defined?    Mr. Labrador. Irreplaceable----    Mr. Labrador. That is policy, that is not----    Mr. Labrador . The statute. We are the ones who are supposed to define it, not you.    I want a list in the statute where ``irreplaceable character'' is defined. Is that in the statute? Yes or no.    Mr. Labrador. OK.    Mr. Labrador. I want the term that we asked about already. We also asked you about ``important, scarce, or sensitive.'' Is that in the statute?    Mr. Labrador. So it is not in the statute?    Mr. Labrador. And it is defined in the statute?    Mr. Labrador. OK. That is our fault, and we can agree on that. That is something that I want to change. But you are using terms--has that term been defined by the courts at any time?    Mr. Labrador. OK. That is the problem that I have with this, is that we are actually going through this analysis that is so subjective instead of objective. You can define it any way you want, and then I can define it any way I want. I do think it is up to us, as Members of Congress, to define these terms. But the more you extend these terms, and the more you go out there, it is going to be more difficult for us to have any control of what is happening, which is actually--the people elected us, not you.    So here is another question. Does landscape include non-Federal property?    Mr. Labrador. There is now some concern that impacts of Federal land off of Federal lands would now require mitigation, assuming a nexus with a Federal permit. What is the intent of this Memo with regard to impacts that are not on Federal land or Federal property?    Anybody can answer this question.    Mr. Labrador. OK. The Memorandum states that the new standard of a net benefit or a minimum no net loss should be applied to resources that are important, scarce, or sensitive. Explain again where you obtained that criteria from.    Mr. Labrador. OK. I believe it was the no net loss that was used by Bush. Are they found in any other resource management statutes, or this was just something the Bush administration changed?    Mr. Labrador. Right, thank you. I yield back.