    Dr. Yehia. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Benishek, Ranking Member Brownley, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today regarding the Department's plan to consolidate community care programs, specifically streamlining eligibility criteria.    I am accompanied today by Kristin Cunningham, who is the Director of Business Policy.    I want to acknowledge our VSO partners, we have been working with them hand-in-hand since we started this process, and also your comments, Mr. Chairman, on the need to get to one system that works for veterans. And I am looking forward to discussing a little bit more about those clinical criteria that were mentioned.    This plan aims to clarify eligibility criteria, build on existing infrastructure to develop a high-performing network, streamline clinical and administrative processes, and implement a continuum of care coordination services.    These actions will improve access to care, expand and strengthen our relationship with community providers, allow us to operate more efficiently, and improve the veteran experience.    As you know, VA is taking part in an enterprise-wide transformation called MyVA. MyVA will modernize VA's culture, processes and capabilities to put the needs of veterans and their family members first.    Just a few weeks ago Secretary McDonald highlighted the department's 12 breakthrough priorities, all of which are designed to improve the delivery of timely care and benefits to veterans. One of those priorities is to improve community care.    Community care has been and will always be a vital part of VA health care for veterans. In 2015, VA issued authorizations that resulted in about 12 million community care appointments and that is compared to 8.8 million in 2013, representing an increase of about 36 percent. Even though we have been providing more community care, we are eager to seize the opportunity to improve the experience for veterans, community providers and our employees. However, we need help from Congress to consolidate the complex and varied eligibility criteria for community care into a single set of standards. By doing this, veterans will have a clear understanding of their eligibility for community care and VA community providers will have a significantly lower administrative burden.    The eligibility criteria outlined in the plan aim to increase access to timely care and patient choice while being mindful of taxpayer dollars. The plan gives veterans a choice to access some or all of their health care in the community if they meet one of the following criteria that is related to access, geographic distance and availability of service.    A veteran would meet the access criteria if they are unable to schedule an appointment within VA's wait-time goals for providing that service or within the clinically necessary timeframe indicated by their provider.    In terms of geographic distance, a veteran may receive community care if they are 40 miles or further driving distance from the primary care provider or they face an excessive burden in accessing a VA facility.    Lastly, a veteran may access community care if the VA does not provide the service or if there is a compelling reason why the veteran needs to receive community care.    By implementing a single set of eligibility criteria, veterans will have a clear understanding of their community care benefit. However, built into these criteria is a flexibility that I and my fellow clinicians at VA need to respond to unique circumstances. This is critically important to ensure that we meet the needs of individual veterans.    The plan also addresses the challenges that many veterans face today when seeking emergency room care within the community. Due to complex laws and processes for veterans, VA is many times forced to deny a significant number of emergency treatment claims, leaving some veterans to shoulder that financial burden. By tackling these pain points, we anticipate that it will improve reimbursement of emergency room claims and reduce the need for manual review of every claim.    In addition, the plan asks for congressional authority to offer urgent care services in the community. This action will increase access to care and reduce the number of emergency room visits.    We are eager to move forward and we are open to any ideas that veterans, Congress, veterans' service organizations, and other stakeholders may have. We recognize this must be a collaborative effort and need Congress to provide necessary legislative changes and support moving forward to consolidate care, including the enactment of provider agreements and flexibility in funding for community care.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today and I am prepared to answer any questions that you and other Members of the Subcommittee have.    Dr. Yehia. Thank you for that question.    We knew when we started this work we have to tackle the emergency room benefit. We have talked with a lot of veterans, we received a lot of letters, as I am sure you have and others, about the challenges that many of them face when accessing community care as it relates to the ER benefit. And the biggest challenge is that they don't know if VA is going to end up paying for that care and I think that creates a perverse incentive many times to delay that care, and they feel they have to drive to a VA to be seen and part of that is the way that the laws and regulations have been written over time. We can't provide that clarity that we need.    And so what we are hoping to do in the plan is to streamline that. We are using principles based on industry, so a lot of the things that we talk about in the plan of consistently applying what is called the prudent layperson definition of ER, the idea of copayments to make sure that we incentivize the right health behaviors. Those all came from TRICARE, from health plans, they are standard and common practice in many health systems.    And then by doing that, we hope to minimize by a significant amount denied claims and kind of empower our patients and the veterans so they know that when they access the ER care in the community, that VA is going to be picking up the bill and they won't be shouldering that financial burden.    Dr. Yehia. Well, let me clarify it.    So in our plan and to the Committee we have also provided some technical assistance that has specific legislative language to make it right. Right now when it comes to ER under our current authorities, we are the primary payer when it is service-connected care, we are the payer of last resort when it is non-service-connected care. And then there is a whole bunch of criteria that are outlined in rules and regulation where if someone passes a VA or--    Dr. Yehia. Well, yes. I think the first step is we have to actually consolidate and fix the problem, and once we fix it and it requires congressional action, then we communicate and make sure that folks understand.    Dr. Yehia. The copayment of $100 is meant to make sure that we provide care in the right venue. Many of our ERs are clogged up today and there is long wait times when folks go to the ER, and part of the problem is that a lot of non-emergent care is being driven to the ER.    And increased access to urgent care, which is what we are proposing in our plan, a robust primary care health care system, those are all kind of tools in the toolbox to ensure that folks use the right setting. So the idea of the copayment here is to make sure that folks are able to seek the right care setting when they receive their care.    Dr. Yehia. Yes. And so I think I view this as more of like a suite of packages. When we look at kind of the data that is out there on how to make sure that we appropriately use ER care, some of the things that come up is, if you have readily access to primary care. So there are initiatives that are going on at VA today that are working more on providing increased access to same-day primary care.    Urgent care, which is something that we propose in the plan as another option if you have, you know, the sniffles, you need a shot, you can go to urgent care as in the ER.    I think the nurse hotline that was suggested by the VSO partners is another tool that many health plans including TRICARE use.    All of those things are tools in the toolbox. I don't think they are meant to replace one or the other. They are actually supposed to be kind of supplemental, so at the end of the day we make sure that folks are using the right setting.    In the future, as we kind of build this high-performing network, one of the other things that we really hope to do is focus on what is called super-utilizers and this came up a little bit earlier, those folks that are constantly going to the ER. There is a reason why they are doing that. Sometimes they don't have the right case management or they need other support, or need to be connected with certain services. And robust health plans and high-functioning organizations are able to identify who those folks are and provide services that they need.    So I think at the end of the day copayments, as I said, is just one tool that we hope to use to make sure that folks access care in the right setting.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah, I actually don't have that number off the top of my head, but I can take it for the record.    Dr. Yehia. Sure.    So I think an important point to keep in mind is we are kind of considering this as an entire health care system, so the VA and community care and I view them as two sides of the same coin.    The criteria that are set that relate to access, wait time and availability of service are really meant to serve as the floor. So we heard a lot of comments about clinical criteria. Embedded into each of those, as I tried to highlight in my opening statement, are decisions that the doctor and the patient together in the office can make. But the challenge with just keeping something very local is we won't be able to explain to our veterans, can I access community care? The answer would be, well, you have to talk to your doctor. And I don't think that is good enough.    I think what we wanted to do is to provide at least some clarity and transparency and those are based on when you can't see a primary care doctor or they live far away from you, 40 miles driving distance, then you have the choice to access care. There might be criteria above and beyond that, that we described a little bit in terms of unusual and excessive burden that in the office people can use to decide, but at least they know at minimum that they can access to community care if they hit that standard. The same thing goes with wait time and the same thing goes with availability of service.    So I think the concept here is to make sure there is a level of transparency to what people's benefit is. If it is completely left up to be in the office, then I think we are left a little bit of where we are today, and before Choice, where people don't really know what are the criteria that they have to access community care.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah, I really appreciate that.    I think when we started kind of this work and part of the reason how we built this high-performing network is really putting at the center our partners, especially like DoD, our Federal partners and academics, because I practiced both at the VA and across the street in an academic facility and I have experienced similar things. And so the concept here is how do we make sure that we are good partners for our community providers. There was a number of comments earlier about that. I think the more consistent we can be and similar in areas to the private sector the better.    I think there was a few comments about the different paperwork that our community providers have to fill out to partner with us, for that paperwork burden to be exactly the same as it takes for them to sign up with a United or a Humana or someone else.    So I think our intention and our goal in the plan is to move as much as possible to what the industry does so that we don't put any excess burdens on community providers and for that matter our employees to operate differently.    The thing that gives me a little bit of pause is, once we start getting off on these one-offs and things like that, we create complexity and we lose that. And so that is something that we are trying to push forward as being respectful of the differences, but at the same time really pushing towards that industry standard.    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. I do have comments on that. And I am looking forward to the next hearing that discusses specifically prompt paying claims, because I am on the phone all the time with health systems that are frustrated with Choice. I think, you know, in the short amount of time that we have to stand up this program ourselves and our contracting partners, I think have done a good job, but we are not where we need to be.    I think your comment about claims, it actually just so happens that today we released our first draft statement of work for what will be a new contract to support kind of this high-performing network and we are seeking input from industry on that. Part of that statement of work includes processing claims.    And so I am happy to share that with you, I shared it with the Committee Members--or Committee staff earlier this morning, but I think you might be interested in looking at some of those.    Dr. Yehia. So I will start and I will ask Kristin to jump in.    We have been seeing more and more unique veterans using community care over the last couple years. The numbers that I just received recently were in the last fiscal year, we had about a million and a half veterans, unique veterans that at some point accessed community care. That is about a third of our veteran population is receiving some of their care outside of VA's walls. And that really gets to this whole concept of this integrated health care system that is both internal VA care and kind of community care.    We think that as we improve the program, including streamlining eligibility, making sure that it is clear we have a good network that includes the best performers in the private sector that more people will use it. And when we articulate the costs of the program, we think that increased demand will come as the product is better, which will also increase the costs in some ways.    So I think that the--I don't have like a crystal ball of the exact number, but I think--    Dr. Yehia. Yes, and I can't agree more.    So in our plan that we submitted, there is a section specifically on costs. We think that increased demand will be in the order of about $2 billion annually for the program. That includes a lot of the kind of eligibility criteria that Congress helped us out with over the course of the last year as we kind of continued to iterate and improve the program, kind of removing the enrollment date, some things about changing from a primary care provider to a primary care physician. So there has been a number of different things that have been passed over the last couple months that expand eligibility.    But roughly speaking, I think with the eligibility criteria that we are proposing in the plan, it would be about $2 billion on top of the Care in the Community budget.    Dr. Yehia. Yes, about--    Dr. Yehia. So I don't know the exact number. I know we have more than one and that has been a challenge that a lot of our field folks tell me.    Part of what we are proposing and one of our legislative proposals is to get that one funding stream. We did have some flexibility at the end of the last fiscal year, so thank you for that. That allowed us to kind of access the Choice fund to pay for community care. I think it will be very important to have kind of one pot of money, one funding stream for community care, so that our clinicians and our medical centers know exactly how much they have to spend in this area.    This has been a challenge because right now we go through Choice and if something doesn't work, we use another pot of money and it creates unnecessary redundancy. And so getting to that one funding stream I think will be important.    Dr. Yehia. I did not, but it is in the report. It is on the order of about 1.5 to $2 billion, that's both ER care and urgent care.    Dr. Yehia. So I can't agree more with your sentiment and as you know many of the elements in the plan that you had for El Paso, there is a lot of that in the plan that we presented for the entire VA. I think the part of the challenge is, as to quote Secretary McDonald, you know, the VA is the canary in the coal mine. I think we have to get out there and do more recruiting.    I have been on a number of trips with the secretary speaking at grand rounds in various hospitals across the country trying to recruit doctors, specifically mental health professionals and nurses to the VA. I have done it by myself as well, and I think we need to do that.    I think we have an opportunity as we start to kind of change the message a little bit about where VA is going, but we will get--    Dr. Yehia. Sure.    Dr. Yehia. Well, I know that, as you know, Gail Graham who is working in El Paso at the Medical Center there, I think she is pulling out all the stops to try to recruit as many of those professionals as possible.    I don't think the idea that like as you mentioned there is approved FTE slots for those, so I don't think that a podiatrist is standing in the way of a psychiatrist coming in the door in El Paso.    Dr. Yehia. I think that is something that we have to kind of--we should chat a little bit more about that. I think there may be some different tools that we can use.    Dr. Yehia. Thank you. We have continued to engage with various stakeholders as you mentioned, Alaska, Hawaii and New Hampshire. I have had calls with the field leadership in all of those different states to try to get a good understanding of what their specific needs are. This is a tough issue and I am looking for kind of suggestions and ideas here as well, because on one side we want to make sure that we streamline the program, create something that is easy to understand and administer and I think the more nuanced or one-offs that we do, the more complexity that is built in.    So I want to be respectful of the local circumstances there, but at the same time, I am also keeping my mind on how can we make sure that there is some uniformity so that every state is not treated differently.    So with all that said, I think some of the criteria that we have articulated in the plan really do provide good access to care for New Hampshire specifically. And one of the things that I think a lot of people sometimes gloss over, the availability of service is such a key component, because if that service is not offered at those centers it is automatically folks have the choice in the community. So even with the current criteria, I think that the folks specifically in New Hampshire will be well served.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah, I appreciate that. I think I have a call with some of those Senators later this week. And I will say this, that our partners are our partners. We modified a contract at the very beginning to implement Choice in a short amount of time. That contract, that PC3 contract was not designed to run the Choice program, it just wasn't designed to do that.    With that said, as I was mentioning a little bit earlier, today we released the statement of work. It is a draft statement of work, so it is the first step in a contracting process. I think you would be happy to note that in that contracting process or that statement of work the scheduling piece would reside at the VA and not with a contractor.    So we are making progress. I think it is going to take some time for us to get there, but I have heard from the Medical Centers, I have heard from veterans, and I think that is the direction we want to move. So slowly we continue to provide oversight and work with our TPAs to improve their performance, but in the end when we are drafting the right kind of car to drive this program those things would be residing on the VA side, not on the contractor side.    Dr. Yehia. To do a little bit of math, we started with the $10 billion. Last year we spent, in the last fiscal year about 3.5 billion, this year we are anticipating about two billion, and then the remainder will be the year after.    I want to caveat that just a little bit. Over the last three months we have seen kind of a dramatic increase in Choice use, almost double the three months prior. A lot of that has to do with more proactive outreach to veterans. So rather than kind of the onus on them picking up the phone and calling, we are doing the calling and saying, would you like to partake in Choice, is this something that you want? And we have seen a dramatic up-tick.    So that is a little bit of the projections. I think we still haven't reached kind of steady state--    Dr. Yehia. Is that outlined in the plan?    Dr. Yehia. Yeah, we estimated the costs for the first three years. As you know, it is a little hard to try to predict past that, but in those first couple years, it would be $2 billion on top of the normal community care budget.    Dr. Yehia. I don't think that is--let me take that back.