    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I was just surprised to hear Mr. Meyer agree that he was not doing the job that he should be doing, but my questions--in fact, I have several questions for Mr. Esquea, so let's get started here.    Was it your decision to make certain materials available only through in-camera review?    Mr. Walker. Can you repeat that again?    Mr. Walker. You were part of the decision?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Thank you. What involvement from the White House, OMB, in regards to responding to the committee's requests? Was there any involvement from the White House?    Mr. Walker. Sure. Well, that wasn't really an answer, so let's hone it down a little bit more. Were there any conversations with Secretary Burwell?    Mr. Walker. When was the last time you talked with Secretary Burwell?    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Mr. Walker. I think you just said earlier there's been some discussion, but you just don't remember exactly----    Mr. Walker. --when it was?    Mr. Walker. I see. How about Administrator Slavitt?    Mr. Walker. You remember your conversation with him, but not specifically, so let me ask this: When was the last time you talked to Administrator Slavitt regarding this hearing?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Now that we know there's been some influence in preparing for today's testimony, were there any questions that you were directed to not answer?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Were there any materials that you were instructed not to agree to produce to the committee?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Have there been any discussions at HHS about intentionally not producing materials to this committee?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Who is making the final decisions about what does and does not get produced to this committee?    Mr. Walker. You say ``usually.'' When are there decisions that your name doesn't go on the letter?    Mr. Walker. Understood.    Mr. Walker. What is the universe of materials--this may be my final question, because I want to certainly get a definitive answer----    Mr. Walker. --since you are--we are all under oath here. What is the universe of materials that has not yet been produced, in other words, types of documents, number of custodians, number of documents? Can you speak to that?    Mr. Walker. Legitimately, I believe we, along with the American people, have--we're obligated to be frustrated with this. It's been 5 months since the first request. You've had weeks to prepare, and I just don't understand why we're not being able to get the timely responses that we're needing to get. So let me----    Mr. Walker. You've acted fairly aggressively under your definition, but it's like dealing with my children when I ask them for the truth, what we act--like to get or what we call the truth at our house is when they share all the information and not just partial information. I thank you for your time.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Walker. Absolutely.