    Mr. McNeal. Chairman Perry, Ranking Member Watson Coleman, Ranking Member Thompson, and Members of the committee, thank you for hosting this hearing and inviting me to testify.    The emergence of unmanned aerial vehicles in domestic skies raises understandable concerns that may require employment of mitigation technologies by law enforcement or security personnel. However, before any funds are expended on such technologies, agencies should engage in comprehensive risk assessment to identify the probability of that harm, the magnitude of a potential harm, benefits of security measures, and the cost of those measures. We have to bear in mind that one of the significant costs is that the vast majority of drones will be used for economically and socially beneficial purposes, and we have to remain cognizant of that at all points in time.    This testimony outlines four key issues that Congress should remain cognizant of when drafting legislation or overseeing the Department of Homeland Security.    First, Congress should ensure that agencies are distinguishing between possible threats, which we can all sit around and imagine, and probable threats. Congress should also ensure that agencies are avoiding fear-based appeals that might drive the policymaking process.    Drones are an exciting topic. They capture the attention of the media. Oftentimes that drives agencies to feel like they need to do something, to look like they are responding.    The recent attention for drones, though, oftentimes appears to be driven by this type of media attention. I say this because while remote control aircraft are seemingly new, they have, in fact, been around for decades.    Furthermore, the small quadcopters that have been gathering so much attention lately due to their ease of use would also be the least useful to a dedicated attacker. Rather, larger, faster, and heavier systems exist, and these systems have existed for many years. Many of those systems can be home-built, and in the hands of a dedicated attacker they will be very difficult to stop.    Given the complexity of the threat picture, we must ensure that agencies do not fall victim to the sensationalism that drives worst-case scenario-based planning. Such an approach to risk management can justify enormous expenditures no matter how unlikely the prospects are that the event will take place.    We should avoid focusing only on the extreme but improbable, and rather, we should do the best that we can to focus on the probable and assess the magnitude of the potential harm that might flow from those.    Second, Congress should ensure that agencies are assessing risk by not only looking at that probability of a successful attack, but also the magnitude of losses. Congress should ensure that every agency action related to an alleged homeland security risk from drones is preceded by a risk assessment. That is the first step in any managerial decision about potential threats. Across homeland security, any time we are looking at threats it should be preceded by looking at the risk before we immediately begin expending funds.    A risk assessment is that first step and ensures that agencies make hard choices with limited resources. Every possible threat cannot be guarded against; therefore, agencies have to focus on the riskiest threats.    Third, Congress should ensure that before any funds are spent agencies are also engaged in a formal cost-benefit analysis. The employment of mitigation technology against risk cannot take place in a vacuum. Rather, it requires agencies to consider the degree to which a security measure is likely to deter, disrupt, or protect against a terrorist attack.    The reality is that implementing security measures across all--across the Federal Government will require aggregating the costs across thousands of facilities. How to allocate those scarce resources will require prioritization driven by risk assessments, and this brings me to my final point.    Congress should ensure that specific individuals at the Department of Homeland Security are responsible for conducting these analyses and reporting their methodology. Congress may also want to provide funds to the Centers of Excellence for an independent check on how agencies are conducting these assessments.    Given the complexity of the risk assessment picture associated with drones and their potential to pose a homeland security threat, I am certain that DHS and agencies are working on this. I am sure many people are working on this. In fact, that might be part of the problem is that in every--in each stovepipe across agencies, various individuals might be working on the threat but there is not a single point of coordination.    So Congress should direct that a specific individual or an office within DHS take the interagency lead on this. There is some precedent for this. Back in 2004 homeland security stood up an office known as the Counter-MANPADS System Program Office. This was the office that assessed whether or not there was a threat to commercial aviation from man-portable surface-to-air missiles.    It was a temporary office that assessed the threat; after assessing the threat, providing some recommendations, it went away.    We could stand up a similar office about emerging threats. Or in the alternative, what we could do is we could designate that the under secretary for National Protection and Programs Directorate lead a threat assessment process for drones specifically, or for emerging threats in general.    The emergence of unmanned aerial vehicles in domestic skies raises understandable concerns, but before any funds are expended on such technologies--mitigation technologies, the Department should engage in a comprehensive risk assessment to identify the probability of harm, magnitude of harm, benefits of security measures, and the direct and indirect costs of those security measures.    Thank you.    Mr. McNeal. It is difficult to answer that question without a direct view of the intelligence picture, but let me answer it in a general way and--which sort of focuses on the capabilities of UAVs and how I think the threat assessment process should approach it.    Really, UAVs provide three distinct advantages. They allow for attacks over perimeter defenses, and so when you think of the hardening that we did for Federal facilities after 9/11 and after the Oklahoma City bombings, now the enemy is able to attack beyond--over those perimeter defenses. If you have an area that is intended to be secure, either from observation or from personnel trafficking through, because you have fences, UAV obviously can get over that.    Second, better surveillance capabilities, which we have already discussed. It gives a different vantage point.    Then third, also allows the possibility of multiple simultaneous attacks or multiple disruptive attacks. So if you have a gathering--a crowded gathering, as Chief Beary mentioned, you might--if I were an attacker I might send in multiple drones with smoke bombs to create--to get people moved from a secure perimeter to outside of a secure perimeter where I might engage in an attack.    All these things, of course, are possibilities that you could do as an individual on the ground. In fact, the limitation of UAVs is the payload. So the typical UAV might be able to carry 5 pounds of explosives. You could have one that carries more than that, but you are really starting to get into more sophisticated systems.    Whereas a person can carry 20 pounds of explosives if they are--if they bring it in on a backpack. They don't have to be a suicide bomber; they could leave it in a facility. Of course, we can mitigate that with security checks.    So the security threat picture needs to balance not only the capabilities that the enemy gets by using this in an attack factor, but then also some of the limitations on it. That is why I say that we need a comprehensive process to assess each threat across each facility in each type of scenario.    Mr. McNeal. Congresswoman Coleman, I think this highlights the challenge that we all face, which is the spectrum of risk is from the smallest UAV up to extremely large 55-pound systems that could fly at 200 miles an hour and they are systems filled with fuel. But these have existed for decades.    So for us to recognize the possible is, I think, really that first moment at which then we turn to homeland security and we say, ``It is time for you to have a comprehensive process where you study this.'' We do this all the time across Government, right? We pass a new bill that directs an agency to engage in scientific studies to figure out whether the benefits of adding a certain device to an automobile are worth it.    That same type of scientific process has to be applied here.    Mr. McNeal. I think that should be our starting point. I think we have recognized the potential and that a lot more research is required for us to do something.    The best thing for us to do is to begin that process inside Government of making those studies and making informed decisions. Otherwise what I think and I fear will happen is that the next drone that crashes on the White House lawn has a firecracker on it and we say, ``What if it were something worse?'' and we make hasty decisions that aren't informed by science.    Mr. McNeal. So, as I mentioned in my written testimony, I think DHS should be the lead on this across all agencies. Of course, the threats exist in a lot of different places, but DHS has the experience to work with both the Federal Government and with local law enforcement.    I do have to dissent a little bit from Chief Beary's point on--well, not a dissent, but a nuanced point here, which is that if we think about the risks that law enforcement is worried about we must also recognize Congresswoman Watson Coleman's point, which is that drones can be a form of accountability.    What we saw in Ferguson was that local law enforcement--the AP got--FOIA'd these documents; local law enforcement asked for the grounding of drones so that the media couldn't cover what the police were doing. So it was used as--the security threat or the risk of safety to the officers was used as a tool to keep--to remove public accountability.    I think that type of thing is something that when we elevate the threat picture too high and we spread it too far across Government, we run the risk of allowing those types of things to happen. That is why I think a single point of responsibility and accountability is the best way we can ensure that we are not going off the rails with any particular policy preference from one agency or one law enforcement perspective.    Mr. McNeal. Congressman Loudermilk, we do not currently. However, I and a bunch of other experts in the field and manufacturers are working with NASA to develop a system, and testing is beginning in August. So from drone manufacturers to drone consulting companies, we are all working with NASA to create the system to certify and basically create those categories of capabilities for platforms.    The long-term vision is that once you have those categories--let's say class one through class five of small, unmanned aircraft--that will then ultimately feed into the unmanned traffic management system that we are hoping to have in place 10 years down the road. So it might be the case that----    Mr. McNeal . That 10 years from now we will have something that is integrated with next-gen that will tell us the classification of aircraft. But that still won't do anything for home-builts that don't want to play ball with the traffic management system.    General Rogerro. Congressman, actually NATO is already--does have a classification and it is based on weight. That does go class one up to class four, and then it also is classed by capabilities, and then what their top vulnerabilities as well as their top capabilities are in there.    So that is, once again, it is a good idea to look towards international partners instead of reinventing the wheel every time.    Mr. McNeal. The FAA has not required this type of technology but the industry is evolving to create it. So I recently saw ADS-B small enough to fit on a small, unmanned aircraft and it would interface with the, obviously, with the air traffic system, and you would be able--presuming that you are in an aircraft where you are then able to know other aircraft around you, you would know that that aircraft was nearby.    Of course, that doesn't solve the small sport and ultralight category of pilots who simply are not going to see this type of aircraft in the National airspace.    Mr. McNeal. Congressman Richmond, I don't necessarily see it as a technological solution. I think, as Dr. Humphreys pointed out, that is part of the equation.    In fact, the industry is already self-regulating for airports and other sensitive sites. There are start-up companies now that are allowing individuals to file the GPS location of their private property in the hopes that the manufacturers will then use those maps as no-fly zones.    I think what we will eventually find is that State and local government, through their zoning authority, will begin to say that certain areas are no-fly zones. We already see this in Los Angeles, for example. You are not allowed to fly a model aircraft on the beach or in parks. The National Park Service has said the same thing.    Then what happens is that local law enforcement can come in and say, ``Listen, this is a place where you are not allowed to fly,'' and they are able to intercept the individuals.    What that does for us from a security perspective is then it--when an aircraft is in that area, law enforcement doesn't have to make a judgment about whether it is nefarious or not; they can begin with the presumption that this person at best is someone who is unaware that they are violating the law in that particular no-fly zone, thus giving them reasonable suspicion or even probable cause to go talk to the operator. Then from there, that also puts--heightens the security picture for them.    Of course, there is a cost associated with that in that we lose some of the beneficial--the benefits of the technology. That is why I almost think that on designating no-fly zones that are non-Federal, we want to leave that up to State and local to figure out the right way to balance the costs and benefits.    Mr. McNeal. Congressman, the only thing I would add there is that while the interdiction problem seems--it seems problematic to us for the moment that it is there, and I can only imagine law enforcement having that feeling of helplessness, my response would be, you know, wait 25 minutes because the battery is likely to run out on that system, and there really are not very many systems in the quadcopter space that can fly for longer than 25 minutes. When you get into the fixed-wing model aircraft, basically, you get a bit more--a bit longer flight time.    The only other thing that I think I would raise there are the obvious civil liberties concerns and First Amendment concerns, because if you--instead of thinking of these as mere flying aircraft, if you think of them as flying cameras that might be operated by Fox News or NPR, you are immediately running into the question of the Government being able to turn off CNN's cameras, and that could be really problematic. So I am not certain that even if were able to implement this mitigation technology to take control of the aircraft, that it would be something that we would want to do.    Mr. McNeal. Congressman Perry, the example that the general pointed out actually, in preparation for the testimony, I tried to find the earliest example of someone on the internet talking about this type of thing and there was actually a researcher out of--it was either New Zealand or Australia who basically said--who wanted to create remote control cruise missiles using a similar system to what the general is talking about.    I mean, this is DIY technology and there is very little we can do to mitigate against that, and you are looking at a high-speed missile at a low altitude.    With regard to the dispersal threat, we have--I think you have probably been in the threat briefings where people talk about the unmanned aircraft as a threat dispersal--as a dispersal method. It is almost too cute by half, though, because if you really wanted to have a high impact with a WMD, first we have the problem of getting the WMD. But if you have anthrax, that is not the best way to do it.    Go to every Starbucks on every corner in the District of Columbia, sprinkle it into the sugar. Or put it in a sugar shaker on the roof of your car and drive around and you will impact a lot more people through that dispersal method than you would through the aircraft, which--right?    Now, this, of course, assumes that the enemy is smart enough to think these things through, and some of the guys who have got caught haven't been the brightest, you know, bulbs on the Christmas tree. But----    Mr. McNeal. Yes. Mr. Chairman, you have also highlighted the other challenge in our planning process, which is that the threat of anthrax being spread at Starbucks in the sugar is something that is not as tangible as the cameras picking up the drone as it flies in over the football stadium, and that psychological impact is also something that the terrorists would go for, but also that unfortunately drives policy in a way that is not probabilistic but is possibilistic.    Mr. McNeal. Congressman Perry, here is a four-part plan for how I would put it together. I would direct that the under secretary for National Protection and Programs Directorate be the lead individual responsible for this across the Federal Government.    Second, I would allocate to that office funding for a program office that would have temporary personnel--probably contractors that report to NPPD. You would probably need $5 million to $10 million to stand up the office with personnel and be able to do testing.    Third, I would require that all other Government agencies have to play if they want to get paid. So if DOE wants to implement security measures at their facilities they better participate in the threat assessment process, otherwise the funding won't be allocated through the under secretary down to those pieces of critical infrastructure.    Then fourth, as a check against sort of empire and bureaucracy-building--not that that happens in the District of Columbia--I would allocate some funding to the homeland security centers of excellence, which are your research institutions, that could do similar threat assessments to check the work of the Government. I will tell you, if you put Dr. Humphreys and I together with, you know, a half-million dollar grant, we would do a lot with that money--probably more than many of the people in Government would do because we are cheaper.    So I think that four-part plan of outside independent look, you have to play if you want to get paid, and then a program office supervised by the under secretary, is the most effective way to move this forward. It is relatively small cost. I recognize funds are limited.