    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to all of our witnesses. Dr. Peters, it's always so good to see you. Certainly love being able to tell the great story of all the good things that are happening in Illinois. Good news for the rest of the Committee is having you here means they don't have to listen to me, and they can be much better informed hearing from you, so----    Mr. Hultgren. --I'm glad you're here. Hey, watch it. Illinois is certainly the leading nuclear state in the nation, and I do appreciate the role the federal government has had in the development of nuclear technologies. Earlier this year the Committee passed legislation that I had introduced, among other things, that would require DOE to examine their capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities. It was certainly good to hear from our witnesses today about the ongoing debate that this department, the research community, and the industrial base has already been having on this topic.    Wanted to address my first question to Dr. Parmentola, and also to Dr. Peters. Some argue that open access user facilities are a more effective mechanism to enable investment and accelerate technological growth, compared to a cost-share agreement between the government and the private sector to deploy new technologies. I wonder, which type of federally funded investment do you believe is most effective to accelerate this growth, and wonder if you could explain it?    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you. Dr. Peters, before you answer, let me add one part to this that I would like to get your comments on just--and then I'll leave the rest of my time to you. How would you envision our national labs, such as Argonne, assisting in the process with NRC? Does the DOE need to take a more informative role with NRC? So I wonder if you could talk a little bit about, again, my first question there, but also following up a little bit on what the Chairman had started.    Mr. Hultgren. Good morning, Dr. Peters. Continue.    Mr. Hultgren. Um-hum.    Mr. Hultgren. Great.    Mr. Hultgren. I agree, and I do believe Argonne, and other labs, have a pivotal role, a vital role, and I want to make sure that we can have you be part of that. So, thank you, Chairman, I appreciate the time. Yield back.