    Mr. Hagg. Good morning, Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and other distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify about the Office of Inspector General's efforts to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse and to promote quality and safety in the Medicaid program.    Protecting the integrity of Medicaid takes on a heightened urgency as expenditures and the number of beneficiaries served continues to grow.    My testimony today focuses on three specific areas of concern that the OIG has identified to be problematic.    First, terminated providers continue to participate in and bill Medicaid. Second, there are inadequate safeguards for personal care services. And third, the U.S. territories lack Medicaid fraud control units.    Prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act, if a state terminated a provider's participation in its Medicaid program, the provider could potentially participate in another state's Medicaid program, leaving the second state vulnerable to fraud, waste and abuse. To prevent this, states are now required to terminate a provider's participation if that provider is terminated in another state. The termination has to be for cause, for example, for reasons of fraud, integrity, or quality.    Through our work, we found significant problems. Specifically, we determined that not all states submitted data on terminated providers and that much of the data that was submitted did not relate to providers terminated for cause. We also found 12 percent of providers terminated in 2011 continued participating in other states' Medicaid programs.    To further complicate states' ability to terminate providers, many states do not require providers that participate via managed care to be directly enrolled in Medicaid. If a state has not directly enrolled a provider, it cannot not terminate that provider, and it may not even be aware that the provider is participating in its Medicaid program.    The OIG believes that CMS should, one, require states to report providers terminated for cause rather than leaving it as voluntary; two, ensure that the information reported is uniform, accurate and complete; and three, require state Medicaid programs to enroll all providers participating in Medicaid managed care.    Another problematic area within Medicaid is personal care services. These services allow many elderly people and those with disabilities to remain in their homes rather than being placed in a nursing facility. As more and more state Medicaid programs explore home care options, OIG believes it is critical that adequate safeguards exist to prevent fraud, waste and abuse in personal care services. Through our work, OIG discovered some payments for these services were improper because they were either not provided in accordance with state requirements, not supported by adequate documentation, billed during periods in which the beneficiaries were institutionalized, or were provided by attendants that failed to meet state qualifications.    Over the years, we have made a number of recommendations to CMS to address Medicaid's deficiencies within the delivery of personal care services, including requiring qualification standards for care attendants be consistent across states, requiring care attendants to be enrolled or registered with the states, and requiring dates, times and attendants' identities to be listed on Medicaid's claims. Currently, none of these recommendations have been implemented.    Another way the OIG helps protect the integrity of Medicaid is by overseeing the state Medicaid fraud control units. Fraud control units currently operate in 49 states and the District of Columbia, but none are in the five U.S. territories.    The major barrier to establishing fraud control units in the territories is the nature of Medicaid funding. Unlike Medicaid funding for the states, the territories receive a capped appropriation and routinely use the full amount appropriated. This becomes a disincentive to allocate scarce Medicaid dollars to the establishment and operation of fraud control units.    Legislation could remove the disincentive. This could be accomplished by exempting unit funding from the capped Medicaid appropriation. OIG believes that such a change would also be cost efficient, specifically in Puerto Rico, which has a total Medicaid enrollment of more than 1 million beneficiaries which is comparable to Medicaid enrollment of many medium-sized states.    In conclusion it is critical that we strengthenoversights to ensure that Medicaid funds are spent appropriately. Thank you for your interest in our work and for the opportunity to appear before you today.    Mr. Hagg. I believe that is correct, yes.    Mr. Hagg. Yes. I think they don't have fraud control units now has to do with how their Medicaid programs are structured or how the funding of those programs are structured. In the territories, the Medicaid programs are capped, unlike the states, where it is open-ended. To create fraud control units, the funding that it would take to start up the units and then to operate the units would take away from trying to provide for services for beneficiaries in the territories. I think that is a difficult decision for them, taking away funds that could be used to provide services.    The bill will move the funding that would be required to run the fraud control units out of that capped amount. And so it should take that disincentive from creating a program away.    Mr. Hagg. Well, you know as far as uniform terminology, we performed two studies involving terminated providers. The first was looking at the action CMS had taken to create a central data system that would house all of the providers that had been terminated. And looking at that data set, we found some states didn't submit any data at all. We found some states that submitted data, but the data wasn't complete. They were missing, for example, an address for the provider. And then as far as uniform terminology, we found that some states were submitting providers that had been terminated for reasons other than cause, reasons other than fraud or integrity or abuse issues. So say for example in a state if they terminated a provider because of billing inactivity, some states would submit that information to the central database, other states potentially could look at that database and say, ``We need to terminate that provider as well,'' even though there wouldn't be a reason to. So only providers terminated for cause should be submitted to that central data system; not other ones.    And so uniform terminology or guidance provided by CMS about uniform terminology could help correct that issue.    Mr. Hagg. Yes, I would be glad to. The main issues we found were providers submitting claims that didn't follow all of the Federal and state requirements. Some examples would be just across-the-board qualifications of the attendants not being met, things like background checks, specific training, things like that. We found that proper supervision wasn't provided. There is a certain level of supervision for the attendants, and in some cases, it wasn't always met. We found instances where physician approval or authorization hadn't been set up for the service to be provided. We found instances where plans of care hadn't been approved or set up. Other cases where there was just a lack of documentation. Without the documentation, you can't tell if it is just sloppy record keeping or if the service was never provided. We found a lot of instances where we had a bill for a specific beneficiary yet we knew from data match that beneficiary was in an institution, a hospital or a nursing home, at the same time.    Those are the main type things. There are a lot of different areas across the board, a lot of high error rates, a lot of dollars as you point out. But those are I think the main buckets of the problems that we found.    Mr. Hagg. Well, the quality of care issues that came out of those reports, what we tried to do in a lot of those audits, not in every one but a lot of them, we tried to interview the beneficiaries receiving services. And a lot of the responses we received back had to do with the attendant stealing from the beneficiary or abusing them, or threats of abuse. I think there were cases of abandonment where the attendant would be out shopping for groceries or someplace with the beneficiary, and they would say: My shift is up. It is time for me to go, and they would leave them there. Those are the type of quality type of issues that we mainly identified.    Mr. Hagg. Well, I think it would help. Of the problems that I have laid out, some of them I don't think would be addressed by the electronic visit verification, but some would. When you have cases of lack of documentation, I would think EVV would help clear that up. You are either providing the service at that location or you are not.    The same thing with beneficiaries who are in institutions at the same time were receiving a bill at the same time. The same thing for where we have time sheets of an attendant that says they were in a different location yet we have a bill for somebody else. I think EVV would help or may help address those type issues.    Mr. Hagg. I would be glad to try. Over the years, we have done a little bit of work involving third-party liability. Clearly, there is probably more work that needs to be done. I know states go to great efforts through contractors and through their own staff to try to identify people on Medicaid who do have other insurance with data matches and other actions to try to recoup that money that they would have spent for those beneficiaries or to try to prevent it from going out the door to begin with. I think states do a pretty good job with that. But just like anything, there is more work that needs to be done.    Mr. Hagg. Not overly, no.    Mr. Hagg. Great.    Mr. Hagg. Unfortunately, I am not familiar with that work. I would be glad to take questions back to my colleagues at the OIG and get back to you with answers.    Mr. Hagg. Well, CMS is responsible for the broad Federal oversight of the program.    Mr. Hagg. Yes. A lot of the examples that we see in that area have to do with state financing arrangements, mechanisms the states use to help fund the state's share of Medicaid payments. At times, we see states pushing the limits or working in gray areas to try to obtain Federal Medicaid funds in some cases when they shouldn't be, when it is inappropriate. And those are examples when CMS would need to jump in and take action.    Mr. Hagg. I believe they do have the same reporting requirements. And no, I can't think of a reason why it couldn't be shared.    Mr. Hagg. Yes.    Mr. Hagg. Yes. In general, more transparency is better than less.    Mr. Hagg. It did, yes. There is a requirement that if a provider is terminated in one state or Medicare, they are required to be terminated in other states as well. So, yes, it is a very good upfront program integrity control to ensure that bad actors aren't able to access state Medicaid programs.    Mr. Hagg. Yes, it has. It is a start for sure. It was CMS' responsibility to try to set up a central data system that would house all the terminated providers so that other states could access. Based on our work, we found various limitations with that database. We found that, based on some testing we performed, there are some providers still that are terminated in one state that are still operating in other states. And we have made recommendations on how to improve that so those things don't happen any longer.    Mr. Hagg. Most of the problems we found would be addressed. The one difference I would point out is we have recommended that providers who operate in managed care environments be required to enroll as providers. I believe the legislation talks about having the providers register with the state and then a process of having the state notify the managed care network if that provider should be terminated. That is a good start. We believe having them enroll rather than register would create that direct legal authority between the state agency and the provider.    Mr. Hagg. That is my understanding as well. We have made the recommendation that it be required. I think CMS said they concur with our recommendations. But then they pointed to information provided to states that talks about being encouraged. It doesn't talk about being required.    Mr. Hagg. Beyond that, no.    Mr. Hagg. Sure. The challenges are that there needs to be a central data set that states can look to to determine whether a provider has been terminated in another state.    Mr. Hagg. We believe so, yes.    Mr. Hagg. My understanding, the draft bill makes it a requirement, yes. Again, the one thing I would point out is that we do recommend that managed care providers enroll rather than register.    Mr. Hagg. Yes, for cause would be they have committed fraud or patient abuse. Or some other type of billing privilege that they have abused. Rather than just being an inactive biller, that wouldn't be for cause.    Mr. Hagg. Absolutely, yes. If there is some type of patient abuse or a quality care issue, absolutely.    Mr. Hagg. If the state is aware of that, that type of abuse, then, yes. If they terminate that provider for cause, they should report that provider to CMS.    Mr. Hagg. We have done some recent work involving healthcare provider taxes. In one state we looked at a healthcare provider tax that didn't follow the existing rules that are in place. To us, it looked like it would have been impermissible. In talking to the state about it, the state said, they disagreed, they didn't think it was a healthcare tax at all. They just said it was a general gross receipts tax, and therefore those Federal Rules did not apply. We issued a report to CMS. CMS responded by saying they agreed with the position we had taken, but they felt like they hadn't done a good enough job of providing clear guidance to the states on what was expected. So I think sometime about last year they put out a letter providing that guidance, and at some point, we plan to follow up at the appropriate time to make sure that guidance is now being followed.    Mr. Hagg. Well, in general, yes, the Fraud Control Units in states, they are the groups that are primarily responsible for investigating Medicaid fraud. They are also responsible for investigating patient abuse when it occurs in healthcare facilities. Now we would be supportive in expanding that, their authority over patient abuse. Right now, they have authority when it occurs in the hospital or nursing home. But if patient abuse occurs in a home-based setting, for example, they currently don't have the authority to investigate that, and we think that is something that should be expanded.    The Fraud Control Units do a great job. They, I think, 2014 had about 2 billion in recoveries, around 1,300 or so in convictions. It equates to about a return of 8 \1/2\ to 1 for every dollar spent, they return about 8 \1/2\. So we think they are very important in Medicaid program integrity.    Mr. Hagg. I am not sure exactly how that process works. But certainly, yes, it is, it is more money available that can be used to provide legitimate healthcare services to Medicaid beneficiaries that need the services.    Mr. Hagg. Two billion.    Mr. Hagg. There are 50, 49 states and the District of Columbia.    Mr. Hagg. Patient care issues that occur in healthcare facilities, yes.    Mr. Hagg. Involving personal care services, we have made a number of recommendations. I think CMS is generally in agreement with those recommendations that more guidance is needed, that more uniformity is needed. I think there is maybe a disagreement in how you go about doing that because of the limited Federal Rules that are there now and all the problems we found we felt like a regulation was needed to really spell out what the Federal Government is looking for. I think CMS doesn't want to go that far, and maybe that is part of the problem with whether the recommendations have been implemented or not. Certainly with the problems we found, electronic verification would I think address some of those issues, not all of them, but it would address some of them.