    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Carter, General Dunford, Mr. McCord, thank you for being here, thank you for your service to our country. We certainly appreciate it.    I want to expand on Chairman Rogers' questions regarding China. And, obviously, China's been closing the technology gap between our countries. Its military until recent history, as you mentioned, historically was focused internally with their primary mission to protect the Communist Party and the existing government within their country. Until recent history, they have been interested in projecting military power just in their own region.    I would argue that we win wars not just because we are just the best trained and most proficient, because we are very good at large-scale strategic operational and tactical logistics, supply, maintenance procedures, and practices, we are good at getting our people and our equipment anywhere on the globe in a timely manner and have the decades of conflict experience through the world and in prepping and executing these combat service support functions.    China is new to this. China is new to power projection. I question their ability to conduct these functions effectively in fighting the conflict beyond their shores. You can have the largest military in the world, but if you can't feed or supply them after three days, they become worthless.    Can you comment on China's ability to effectively project warfighting power beyond its shores, but especially with regard to their ability to conduct effective logistics, supply, maintenance, operations, external to China? I don't think we have put a lot of thought into that.    General Dunford. Congressman, thanks for the question.    First of all, I agree with you that our logistics capability is one of our competitive advantages. I also agree that from a power projection perspective, the Chinese capability is relatively immature.    However, if we are talking about within the Pacific, they do have one advantage, which is interior lines. In other words, from a geographical perspective, if we talk about a conflict in the South China Sea, if we talk about a conflict in the East China Sea, in Taiwan, and those areas, their logistics challenge is significantly less than the challenge that we would have as we project power to places like the Middle East or to the Pacific.    I do see, you know, from my own personal experience, when you talk about putting equipment at sea, when you talk about employing sea-based capabilities, when you talk about logistics over long distances, that takes many, many years. We have maritime preposition ships. I was around in the early days of maritime preposition ships, and when you put equipment aboard a ship, 6 months later try to take it off a ship, and all the fuel had turned to sludge. And so we had to learn how do that, to make sure that the level of maintenance and readiness was what it is today. That was a discovery learning process that, frankly, took many, many years to develop that.    So I would agree with the thesis that the Chinese have a long way to go in terms of developing power projection. I guess what I would say is that if you look at the investments that they are making, the attention they are paying to it, the reorganization they did is a recognition in part of the comment you made, they are just now recently--they are looking at our capabilities in terms of jointness and integration, a piece of which is our logistics capability, and they have just made some major reorganization inside the Chinese military, which I think is in part to mitigate the challenges that you have identified and that they know exist.    So do I think they have a legitimate power-projection capability today? No. Do I see forces deployed to places like Djibouti, do I see the maritime development that you mentioned, do I see the aviation capabilities developing? Yes.    And so I think it is fair, from my perspective, you know, I don't look at intent, I look at capability and I look at the trajectory the Chinese are on, and I think it is fair to say at some point in the future, were they to continue to emphasize power projection, continue to make the investments that they are making right now, that they will develop a power-projection capability. But I would agree with you, I think that is some time away.    But, again, in the near term, what they are developing would provide them a capability that probably is much easier to attain, and that is the capability with interior lines in a Pacific scenario to project power in one of those scenarios that I mentioned.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you. Thank you all for your service. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for 8 years as a Secretary of the Navy. Thank you for your service.    I would like to talk a little bit about Navy acquisition. Admiral, you have been talking about this for some time, to speed up the acquisition efforts, keep pace with the evolving threats, it is too slow, it is too costly and too complicated. Additionally, by the time the fleet sometimes receives that equipment, many times it is already outdated. So we would like to have you inform us about the processes you are putting in place to improve that process.    Also, Mr. Secretary, you mentioned the amphibious assault ships. I think we are down to 30, I have been told you need at least 34 to make it work. I understand about one-third of the 30 aren't operable for one reason or another. So, obviously, that is troubling. So as we are talking about the acquisition process, is the assault ship one of the top ships you need to get moving, to get this new LX(R) available to the Marines to make sure that we can stay proficient?    Mr. Calvert. Just one last comment, Mr. Chairman, we are all very proud of the shipyards of Mississippi and Maine, but we do have a little shipyard in San Diego, NASSCO, that we are also very proud of. They do great work down there.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Secretary James, General Welsh, thank you for appearing before the committee. And, certainly, thank you for your dedicated service to our country. We certainly appreciate it.    We are proud of our Reservists and our National Guard units over at March Air Reserve Base in California. They are doing a fabulous job for our country, and we certainly appreciate their support.    I would like to talk a little bit about where we are going in launch. A number of us are concerned about space and our future in space, what our plan is to make sure we maintain our superiority, but we also have to get to space. And, obviously, you know, we went down this track to create some competition for ULA with SpaceX, which has been successful and--some successful launches.    We didn't anticipate, of course, that Russia would invade Crimea and occupy it and the provocative actions in Ukraine and Syria and elsewhere, where it makes it very difficult for us to justify acquiring RD-180 engines from Russia to power our Atlas V. And, of course, the Delta is retiring. Now we have created another monopoly maybe.    So we need to get a replacement engine as quickly as possible. You were talking about that in your testimony. And I am happy to see where the Air Force has worked together with ULA and Rocketdyne to start moving forward with the AR-1 replacement engine. And Rocketdyne seems to be pretty confident that they can get this engine up by 2019, but you mentioned that there may be a need to acquire RD-180 engines, but I don't think that the Congress, certainly in the Senate--I don't see a lot of support for that.    So what is your plan for launch in the next few years before we can get a replacement engine? I think, you know, obviously, Blue Origin and others are trying to create other ways for us to get to space, but we are going to have this gap here. Are we going to put off the retirement of the Delta? How many reserve engines do you have on the RD-180? How long will that get us?    So, with that, I will turn that over to the Secretary and the General.    Mr. Calvert. But isn't it true--I mean, I don't--there seems to be overwhelming opposition to that, especially in the Senate. One particular Senator I have in mind is just absolutely no. So if that occurs, what do we do in the meantime?    Mr. Calvert. Is SpaceX capable of meeting that challenge if, in fact, they are the only launch capability we have?    Mr. Calvert. Yes.    Mr. Calvert. I think it's closer to $1 billion.    Mr. Calvert. Well, as you know, Mr. Chairman, we already have a problem meeting our launch requirements. We don't have enough launch capability. And I certainly have some concerns here in the short term on how we are going to meet our short-term requirements to get to space. And that is something we really need to focus on here.    Mr. Calvert. Sure.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Something that I think may be going on across the country, certainly in my part of the world in southern California, we have had--and I think I have brought this up before to a couple of you in the past. A lot of the facilities that were built for the Guard were built between World War II and Vietnam, a lot in the small communities, you know, the Cold War reaction. And many of these buildings aren't energy-efficient; they are old. Obviously, we have budgetary issues.    How much thought has been going into consolidating these Guard facilities into larger facilities? For instance, I will use an example, March Reserve Base in my part of southern California, where we built large Guard facilities, which you may have visited, one of you or two of you, and Naval Guard facilities and Reserve facilities, where you can consolidate equipment, mechanics, bring on some efficiencies to bear.    How much thought is there about consolidating some of these small facilities into larger facilities to get some economy of scale?    General.    General Grass. Congressman, if I could start.    First of all, BRAC-05 made some huge changes for the Guard, and we have consolidated many facilities over the last probably 5 years. I have been to a lot of Active Duty posts where we now have our regional training institutes located, which is helping us come together, Active, Guard, and Reserve, using those facilities.    Our joint force headquarters. Recently, I was in Delaware, where they dedicated a new building, and the Chief of the Navy Reserve was there with us as we did a ribbon-cutting. So on one side of the building is the Delaware State headquarters. On the other side, it is shared with the Navy Reserve.    We see more and more of those. Of course, they were 100-percent financed if we built them on--they were joint and built on an active installation, so that was very helpful.    States are in a bit of crisis right now to find money, many States are. But, sir, you hit on it. There are a lot of old facilities. Tim and Brian can give you more, but the last number I saw, we were well over 45 years, average age of some of our small facilities.    General Kadavy. Congressman, I will just add from the Army National Guard standpoint, 47 percent of our readiness centers have an average age of 50 years or older.    Now, we have invested, as General Grass said, through BRAC and Grow the Army to build some new facilities, but most of our armories are still either degraded, misaligned, or out of date. Many of them were built in the 1950s and 1960s for a different type Army that doesn't quite have the kit of past years that we have today, larger vehicles and et cetera. So your comments are right in line.    Unfortunately, the Army's strategy over the last few years has been less MILCON and more FSRM and BOS to sustain the current facilities. So we are fighting through that right now as we try to maintain our status of our facilities at what is currently, this year, at a fair rate. We project, without adequate funding--or, at current funding levels, by 2018 we will be at a poor level, and by 2027 we could potentially be at a failing level for the Reserve centers in the Army National Guard.    Thank you.    General Neal. Well, Congressman, you know, the Chief and General Kadavy have already talked about the age. And, as you point out, your earlier question is how do we combine and how do we basically get the best synergies.    Most of our Air Guard bases, frankly, are standalone and pretty small. But at the big places likes March, we are looking at not only combining facilities but combining operations.    And so I don't know if you have heard the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Air Force talk about total force integration. So we are looking to combine functions, which, by definition, will combine people doing the same job into the same building, and that is how we will get synergies. We are still in the infancy, but we are all for that, so we support that idea.    General Talley. Sir, I just want to add to that. The Army Reserve has 58 facilities in your great State, 16,000 soldiers, and our economic impact to the State of California is about $962,000 a year.    We are already doing this, to echo on what General Grass is saying, where we find ways to not only combine and share facilities across all the Reserve components, to include our great Guard, but Hunter Liggett is a great place to look in California, where we not only have integrated facilities but integrated operations in terms of training.    And I would argue Hunter Liggett in California is a great model, particularly when we use camp parks and partner very strongly with the California Guard. That is a great business model for us to use for the rest of the United States as we try to improve our efficiencies and share facilities and in training and operations.    Mr. Calvert. Well, I just bring that up because, you know, in Corona, California, my hometown, and Riverside next door, both of the communities wishing to take over those old facilities that were built 50, 60 years ago and consolidate that at March, which everybody seems to be in favor of doing. So the sooner we can do these type of things--and I think it is going on all over the country--the better. So thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.