    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And Director McLaughlin, thank you for being here. Ambassador Crocker, thank you. And I have had the extraordinary opportunity to visit, Ambassador Crocker, you in Baghdad, also in Kabul, and to visit with you around the Middle East. And every time I have been there, I have seen your great appreciation of the citizens of those countries. In particular, I was there for the earthquake relief in Muzaffarabad in Pakistan. It is very clear that you are representing American interests, but it is on behalf of the people in the countries that you were serving in. I also share very much the point that you just made, and that is, that we need to have a consistency, we need to have a long-term approach. And that is why there are two quotes that come to mind to me that the American people need to know. And that is that President Bush, on July 12, George W. Bush, on July 12, 2007, quote, ``To begin withdrawing before our commanders tell us that we are ready would be dangerous for Iraq, for the region, and for the United States. It would mean surrendering the future of Iraq to Al Qaeda. It would mean we would be risking mass killings on a horrific scale. It would mean we would allow the terrorists to establish a safe haven in Iraq to replace the one they lost in Afghanistan,'' end of quote.    And then President Barack Obama on December 14, 2011, he claimed and announced, quote, ``Everything that American troops have done in Iraq, all the fighting and all the dying, the bleeding and the building, and the training and the partnering, all of this has led to this moment of success. We are leaving behind a sovereign, stable, and self-reliant Iraq,'' end of quote.    It bothers me that there is simply not--that proves your point of a lack of consistency. In line with that, what do you see the political difficulties in Iraq of Prime Minister Abadi, what he is facing? And what role does the former Prime Minister Maliki play in progress, or lack of progress, in the country?    Ambassador Crocker. Thank you, Congressman. Yes, we recall we first met a decade ago in Islamabad, and then later in Kabul and in Baghdad. You go to only the best places.    Mr. Wilson. You are the great public servant. Thank you.    Ambassador Crocker. I believe that Prime Minister Abadi, who came to office at the height of the Islamic State storm into Iraq, understands what needs to be done and wants to do it, wants to take the steps that will bring the Sunni community into Iraqi society and the Iraqi state. But he is in a dangerously weak position. The rise of the extremist Shia militias, and these are, if anything, as evil as Islamic State. They are commanded in two cases by individuals who kidnapped and murdered U.S. service members in Iraq. They just didn't do a video of it. They are now in command positions.    Does Prime Minister Abadi like it? Absolutely not. Can he do anything about it? No, he really can't. Again, which is why I think our engagement is so important. The Iranians are running the show right now for all major purposes in Iraq. They do not have a stable unitary Iraq as their goal. They have the opposite. They would like to see its permanent division, because that would give them the ultimate victory in the Iran-Iraq war that eluded them in 1988. ISIS is not the strategic threat to Iran in Iranian eyes, it is Iraq. Because Iraq almost overran them in 1980. And a vicious ground war took up the next 8 years. So they want a divided Iraq. That is in their interest. It isn't in ours. Prime Minister Abadi is not in a position to push back against them. Our sustained engagement might make a difference.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much. And my time is up. Director McLaughlin, you had indicated, too, about including the Sunnis in the regime. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Thank you. Ms. Tsongas.