    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank for leading the mission over the Secret Service this morning. It was good to see that. I will just comment on the State of the DHS bill in the Senate. What you have is a minority of Senators taking a position that they will not even allow that bill to be debated, no debate at all, unless the President is allowed to issue 5 million work permits and Social Security numbers to people who are in the country illegally, which is, of course, contrary to statute and something he said he could not do previously.    So to me, I think that is absolutely irresponsible that you won't even have this debate. This is a critical constitutional issue. And I think the country deserves better. And so a ``clean bill'' would not include any funding for this radical policy change. A clean bill would just focus on funding the core functions of DHS that they had traditionally done, without this new policy that the President unilaterally implemented. Let me ask you this: This is probably outside of what you guys were tasked with doing, but Mr. Filip, I will just ask you to start, how has, becausesome of the problems I think that you identified are great, need more leadership, better administrative capacities, too much insularity, people have commented about the low morale. So how has the transition of the Secret Service from Treasury to DHS, I know it has been 12 years, 13 years now, having it be in a bigger bureaucracy with more red tape, to me that would exacerbate these problems. Can you comment on whether the Secret Service is better served having been in DHS?    Mr. DeSantis. But where were those arguments? Were these line agents? The people who said that they like Treasury better, were they more administrators?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Hagin, were you working in the White House when this change was made, if I read your bio correctly?    Mr. DeSantis. OK. So can you comment on looking back or either in the course of your investigation or just using your experience, because it just seems to me that when you have more bureaucracy and you put these folks in an even bigger maze, we talk about personnel, well, the funding is much different when you have all these agencies in DHS than it would have been at Treasury. So can you provide any insight into how you see that issue?    Mr. DeSantis. But the Secret Service does get support from the FBI and from other agencies who are outside of Homeland Security, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So do you think that the change, to move the Secret Service into DHS, put the TSA as a new creation of that,but there was obviously a Coast Guard before then, so the Secret Service's interactions with the Coast Guard and the support that the Coast Guard has provided has actually been enhanced by having a Department of Homeland Security?    Mr. DeSantis. And you don't have a personal opinion?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.