    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So nice to have a Californian chairing today. I am sorry I was late, gentlemen; I was doing the C-SPAN show this morning and didn't get over in time.    This year's budget is up significantly for all three services compared to fiscal year 2015. In the Navy, we have a $1.3 billion increase above 2015 levels. In the Air Force, a $3.2 billion increase. Of course, this is all going to depend on the whole process that we have here in the Congress and where we end up. Also, with respect to sequestration, what goes on there.    In addition to increased funding, the Air Force has deferred the potential retirement of a number of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft. We see the E-8 Joint STARS, the E-3 AWACS , and the U-2 aircraft have all been postponed until after 2019.    The Air Force also has increased funding sustainability for MQR Reaper unmanned aircraft. But I also want to note to our committee that you--the services also made some difficult choices. I see that you are still proposing to retire the A-10 over the next 4-year period in an effort to save about $4 billion. And the Navy has not requested additional production of the F/A-18 Super Hornets. And it has cut 16 F-35C aircraft over its 5-year budget.    So I look forward to hearing from you how you came to those decisions and what that--whether that really needs to stay in place in order for you to get to where you think you need to be.    Both services have also requested increased amounts of funding for aerial munitions of almost all categories; traditional bombs, long-range precision-guided missiles, et cetera. I would also like to point out that many of these aerial weapons programs are actually performing very well. And they are under cost, they are in schedule, and they are on performance targets. So that is a good thing.    For example the, AIM-120D and the the AIM-9X Block II air-to-air missiles have emerged from operational testing with outstanding results. I mean, there is some good news in what you all are doing. Both programs are critical to maintaining U.S. air superiority in any future conflicts, so it is important to get them right.    It is also worth noting that these are joint programs between Air Force and Navy. And I also like to see when that happens. Because hopefully over time, maintenance and operation is also lowered.    We are going to have in April a hearing on the F-35 program, obviously. It is the big elephant in the room in so many ways. But I think it is still relevant to the overall topic today of the budget. And while I know that we need the F-35 program, it is the only production plane that we have for our future that we have got, there are still some concerns about the developing--the development and the timing and the testing of this aircraft.    I am worried about the serious engine fire that we had last year. It is a concern because there is just one engine that we have. And so we need to get to the bottom of what happened. Hopefully, it was just an isolated incident. But we need to figure that out.    And secondly, the F-35 is entering one of the--what I think is one of the most difficult stages, and that is where we see all the software and the integration and everything come together. And this fusion is incredibly important and, from what I am hearing, may not be going as well as we had hoped. So I hope you will enlighten us a little bit where you can on that.    So the engine and the software, very, very critical pieces of making sure that we get this aircraft going and online and tested and flown and, you know, for the future of not only our services, Mr. Chairman, but I have talked to a lot of our international partners who have signed up for these aircraft. And they are constantly asking me are we going to get this done.    So I appreciate the time. And I look forward to the answers today.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentleman, I want to talk about the F-18. So the Navy, its testimony and also provided to this committee information that says by 2020 you will be short 100 F-18s. And you also said that this number is due to grow because of some particular factors.    So in looking back at the materials that we have had before this committee before, all the way back to 2009, we show a different shortfall every program year. For example, in 2009, the projection was 125 aircraft. A year later it was 145. In 2011 it was 177. In 2014 the shortfall was only 18 aircraft.    So can you--can you tell me the credibility when I see, you know, 18 to 100--I mean, that is kind of a bit loose and three, four, fivefold difference. Why is that, and what am I not seeing here? Do we just think that 90--no, 82--planes will fall out of the sky this year? Or where are we going with this? Why are the numbers so dramatically different? Are we guessing, do we really have ways in which we are trying to figure this out?    And it appears to me that the Navy has a--has a throughput problem, not a lack of aircraft, in terms of numbers. And as a result, should Congress be focusing on better funding the depot operations, rather than just buying more planes to put through the same--rather than to put them through inefficient depot repairs? What is going on here? What is the approach we need to be thinking about here?    Ms. Sanchez. Well, we will discuss it out of committee. Thank you.