    Mrs. Lawrence. Good morning. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for having me here today. I want to thank all the members for allowing me the opportunity to testify.    I was still a teenager when we pulled out of Vietnam, yet I remember the impact it had on our country and how it changed our thoughts on war and diplomacy. The role of women in this country was changing as well.    Many of us only saw images on TV as our role models of housewives. Now, more than 200,000 women are in Active Duty military, including about 70 generals and admirals. Yet among the top ranks only 7 percent of the 976 generals and admirals are women. Among the enlisted, 60 percent of women are still in either the medical or administrative specialties. Another 30 percent are in supply units as part of the communications staff. The numbers aren't much different for the female officers.    To promote gender quality, we have to ensure that our military training reflects the true nature of combat rather than outdated notions of what it means to be a good soldier. This will require more funding.    I am pleased that the National Defense Authorization Act removed several barriers to women serving and those planning to serve, including more gender-neutral occupational standards that will allow almost all military positions and units to be open to women, requirements that combat equipment for women are properly designed and fitted and meet requirement standards for wear, a review by the comptroller general to review recruitment efforts toward women and officers.    Thankfully, the presumption of innocence by those good military character most likely innocent and sexual assault prosecutions were removed as well.    I hope that these important aspects of the NDAA are fully funded and monitored by this subcommittee and by the House Armed Services Committee. While issues such as changes in combat equipment and design take time, I respectfully request that a report on timing.    Cyber operations are growing and become a very important part of each of the services. Cybersecurity is also a gender-neutral occupation, allowing both men and women to serve our country and protect our Nation as equals. We need to see this growing area of concern addressed through effective human resourcing and adequate funding for advanced technology.    I am pleased that this committee supports funding the equality programs for girls in Afghanistan, but we must push for that same ideal here. We must lead in demonstrating that gender equality is not limited to private industry in foreign countries, but in our military too.    Mr. Chairman, I am aware of how difficult your job is in these tough fiscal times, and I am aware that you serve to fund a part of our Nation that is critical to the very safety and well-being of Americans. As you consider what to provide funding for and what to decrease, I respectfully ask that you maintain full funding provisions that address changes to combat equipment, support for sexual assault victims, female outreach and recruitment programs, gender occupation policy reviews and program reviews. I also ask that you request a report from the services on the costs and timing of what I feel is critical, equipment changes for women.    Let us demonstrate with our words and our dollars that the funding for equality should happen at home just as it does abroad.    I really do appreciate being able to bring this to you today, being excited about being one of the 100 women serving in this Congress this year and proud to be a Congresswoman for the United States of America. Thank you.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.