    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have been listening to this. And I got to be honest with you, I am a little bit confused. And Sergeant Major, you made some great points.    Twenty, thirty years ago I think I used to understand this. And now I feel like I am in the middle of a calculus problem.    You know I am retired, General. I used to--when I was younger the big thing for recruitment, and a lot of us have recruited here, was the fact that the government would take care of you if you served 20 years or even longer.    And things have changed. Now my primary health care is Medicare. My secondary is TRICARE. And when I hear all these conversations it is like--and I try to listen to some of the veterans that I have there.    They are--it is tough enough dealing with the veterans issues that come down and dealing with the VA. And we are making some of these issues very, very complex.    At least I am not as smart as you guys. I am just a dumb Marine up here that is trying to get through. And my primary concern is to take care of the troops, the ones that have gone through this.    God, can't we make it any simpler or what have you? It just seems that we have thrown out the KISS principle.    And for these veterans, for people that are on Active Duty TRICARE and the changes to it. Every time we change it--and I was there some of the meetings with TriWest and how we are going to do it.    I appreciate that you are trying to do something. But we have got to have a standardized message and make it as simple as possible. I don't understand the tables and so many doctors doing this and that.    All I know is that many years ago I thought we were going to have medical care to take care of those people who stayed in long enough to retire. And that situation to me is constantly changing because of budgetary pressures. And I get it.    But if we can simplify it because the people that are watching when I go and try to explain this to them, I can explain you know tanks and airplanes and everything else. What you deal it is as I said, this is another calculus problem, or a calculus course, which I didn't do first well the first time when I was--as an undergraduate.    So I don't know if I have a question. I just am--I did--I was concerned about where those individuals that are on Medicare and TRICARE. It seems like no one even wants to even address TRICARE when they hear I have Medicare. And they don't default to that because it is too complicated. Is that a correct statement or not in terms of the medical world out there right now that I deal with?    Mr. Cook. Somebody older than me then, right?