    Chairman Bridenstine. The Subcommittee on the Environment and the Subcommittee on Oversight will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``An Overview of the Nation's Weather Satellite Program and Policies.''    I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement and then to the Ranking Member as well.    We've had a number of hearings about all kinds of issues related to satellites from the current programs of record to commercial satellites. We've heard testimony about JPSS and GOES-R already once this year, and this is a second opportunity to do so.    Some of the concerns that I have are the delay of the GOES-R satellite program from March of 2016 to October of 2016. Obviously this is a concern for the weather of our country, being able to predict and forecast accurate and timely weather events, critically important infrastructure for the data that feeds our numerical weather models, which keep all of our constituents safe.    So this is a good hearing. We have heard testimony before. Going along with the delay in GOES-R, we have an extension of the life expectancy of some of our current programs, and we have questions about if that is realistic or not. We have seen now NOAA-16 break apart in space over Thanksgiving, and that gives a lot of us concern about maybe it didn't just break apart on itself. I know some have suggested that but something had to occur, whether it was a malfunction on board the satellite, even though it was beyond its lifetime, or it could have been hit by debris. Whatever the case is, it broke apart and now is contributing to more orbital debris, which is a concern.    That being the case, you think about orbital debris, you think about the Suomi NPP satellite that also is coming to the end of its useful life and it's not shielded. It wasn't designed for long-term service. It was designed more for testing and validation. So when you look at the SUOMI-NPP satellite, is it being pelted by debris? Is it at risk? And of course, would that create, you know, a gap as it relates to our polar orbiting satellite programs and the challenges that we've had with JPSS to date as well.    We'd also like to discuss NOAA's Commercial Space Policy, which is a wonderful start to, I think, great opportunities for the future to provide more resiliency and redundancy, disaggregated and distributed architectures that the commercial industry can provide to augment our numerical weather models with data coming from the private sector, and some of the issue that are going on there. And finally, the issue with debris mitigation, I think are critically important not only to NOAA but to national security space and civil space as well, and commercial space.    So I'm looking forward to this hearing, looking forward to the testimony of our witnesses.    Chairman Bridenstine. And I'd like to recognize now the Ranking Member, Mr. Beyer, for his opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. I thank the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    I'd like to recognize the Chairman of the Oversight Committee, Mr. Loudermilk from Georgia.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Chairman, Chairman Loudermilk, for his comments. Certainly, I have been in those situations myself, and I appreciate your testimony on them.    Let me introduce our witnesses. First, our first witness today is Dr. Stephen Volz, Assistant Administrator of National Environmental Satellites, Data and Information Services at NOAA. Dr. Volz has a Ph.D. in experimental condensed matter physics from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign, a master's degree in physics from The University of Illinois, and a bachelor's degree in physics from the University of Virginia.    Our second witness today is Mr. David Powner, Director of Information Technology Management Issues at the GAO. Mr. Powner received his bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Denver and attended the senior execute fellows program at Harvard.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to five minutes. Your entire written statement will be made a part of the record, and we on this Committee have mostly probably already read it.    I now recognize Dr. Volz for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you for your testimony, Dr. Volz. You were right on the five minute mark, which is what we expect from our NOAA and former NASA folks, so thank you for that.    Mr. Powner, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Powner, for your testimony. I recognize myself for five minutes for questions.    I just wanted to go back to Dr. Volz. The commercial space policy I think is a great starting point. I think there's more information that needs to be forthcoming on how to actually interact with NOAA on the commercial capabilities that are out there right now.    One of my questions is, right now when it comes to GPS radio occultation, we already have one company with satellites in space that are being tested and validated through UCAR, and we have other companies that are going to be launching next year numerous satellites into space. We heard testimony from you, and it's in your written testimony as well, about the COSMIC program. When we think about commercial applications, when we think about the 2010 Space Policy, Commercial Space Policy, would it not be appropriate to take advantage of these commercial opportunities rather than continue to develop COSMIC for however many millions of dollars that that's going to take?    Chairman Bridenstine. Your boss, Manson Brown, last month here in DC. at a business roundtable mentioned that he supports a line item in the President's budget request for a tech demonstration of commercial satellite weather data. Do you also support a line item for commercial satellite weather data?    Chairman Bridenstine. Good idea.    Chairman Bridenstine. The line item that Manson Brown talked about, any idea of what that dollar amount might be that is going to be in the President's budget request?    Chairman Bridenstine. So----    Chairman Bridenstine. Right, and I would encourage you to engage with those vendors.    The great thing for the taxpayer and for the people on this Committee is that those commercial vendors are launching into space right now with clients that aren't necessarily NOAA, and that gives us an opportunity to share the costs so that it's not just the U.S. government taking on the burden but also transportation companies, agricultural companies, insurance companies, et cetera, that are interested in this kind of data. So the price point may be a lot less than what we anticipate, and you know, the idea that they're making, you know, the business case without the government involved is positive as well, which only makes it that much more interesting for us to be willing to reach out and purchase that data.    I am out of time. I recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Beyer, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'll recognize the gentleman from Georgia, the Chairman of the Oversight Committee, Mr. Loudermilk, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Chairman.    For Dr. Volz, we understand you've been doing this job now for just over a year. These challenges have been developing over time, and we know you're working really hard to make sure that these issues are addressed. From our perspective, I'll just be real quick before I hand it over to Mr. Bera, from our perspective, we learn that there's going to be a delay in launch for GOES-R, and at the same time we learn that we're going to extend the life of another satellite. We're going to predict that it's going to last longer, and it looks like it could be intentional that we're just extending is to that we can get to the next launch, and I'm not saying that's what happened. I'm saying that as Mr. Powner said, if there was more transparency, if we knew that well ahead of time, it wouldn't have appeared this way. So just--I'm sharing my sentiments on that. So transparency helps us, and we want to help you.    So I turn it over to my friend from California, Mr. Bera.    Chairman Bridenstine. I recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I now recognize the weather guru from California, Mr. Perlmutter, but I would warn the witnesses that his----    Chairman Bridenstine. Colorado.    Chairman Bridenstine. From Colorado. I would warn the witnesses that his jacket is off and his sleeves are rolled up.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the gentleman from Colorado.    I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Mr. Powner, would you like to address-- I saw you maybe indicating you had a comment when he mentioned that the GOES-R delay could have an impact on lifecycle costs. Did you want to say something about that?    Chairman Bridenstine. That's important for those of us on this Committee to understand.    I now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I thank the gentleman from Alabama.    We're going to go into a second round of questions, and I recognize myself for five minutes.    I wanted to share with you guys some of the challenges I see going forward as it relates to the commercial data buy. The President's budget request is due to this Congress in February. We'll do a budget process in March. Then we start doing-we'll be doing authorizations along this way and appropriations even before, or I should say after. What I would be interested in is what that number might be, and I know you probably don't have that number for a line item for a commercial data buy. I want to be clear that we're expecting that, and I'd like--if you're able to provide that to us even before February, it'd be very valuable as we go through the authorizations and the appropriations processes. So just, you're under no obligation to give us anything until the President's budget request, I understand that, but if you can help, we want to be helpful as well, so that would be good.    On the NOAA Commercial Space Policy that came out on September 1st, it's been open for comments. The comment period closed October 1st. There have been 15 comments. Do you have a timeline when the final policy might be released?    Chairman Bridenstine. Oh, that's great.    Chairman Bridenstine. So after the release of the formal policy, there will be more comments?    Chairman Bridenstine. Got it. And when you can--you said we can expect that a couple weeks after----    Chairman Bridenstine. Fantastic. So we're talking about January, February?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. Fantastic. Let's see.    I want to go through a couple of comments, or I should say statements that were made regarding the space policy, and I want to get a reaction from you on it. One statement is that--and I'll just read it. It says: ``In its entirety, the latest iteration of NOAA's policy fails to make a distinction between raw satellite data that would be ingested into NOAA's operational weather models, which is the intended focus of this policy, versus the output of those models and derived data products. It is the full, free, and open access to model output, derived data products and current ground conditions that underpins the robust U.S. commercial weather sector.'' Do you agree there's a difference between the output and the raw data, like the satellite data coming down from the satellites?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay.    Chairman Bridenstine. So going back to your mention of the WMO-40, there's another statement here. It says, ``WMO-40 resolutions 40 and 25 explicitly permit private-sector companies to restrict the redistribution of their data and allow those same member countries flexibility and discretion in determining which data sets are freely exchanged and under what conditions they choose to do so.'' So it looks to me like under WMO-40, private industry that is providing data to augment the numerical weather models, that data should be protected. Would you like to make a comment on that?    Chairman Bridenstine. Probably not, you don't----    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to get, you know, these kind of resolutions in this final space policy coming from NOAA, Commercial Space Policy, and I know it's going to be in a couple of weeks but these are the kind of things that absolutely must be definitely determined before--if we're going to have a robust commercial segment that can augment our numerical weather models and save money for the taxpayers, and that's my concern: more data, better data, and cost savings to the taxpayer. And I think we can do that but we've got to be really clear about what's required here.    I've got about--well, I'm out of time. So I'm going to stop now and recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Ranking Member, and in closing--oh, very good to see you down there. I recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. What the taxpayers in Alabama expect.