    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    My first question, I am going to go specific and get more general. First off, thanks for being here. You all three have a very difficult job. I represent over 800 miles of the border, and I know the men and women in Border Patrol, what they are doing in order to keep us safe.    My first question is, with only 56 of the almost 2,000 miles of the Southern Border being under operational control, I want to join my Governor, Governor Abbott, and our colleague from Texas, Congressman Cuellar, in asking why was a 50 percent cut made for flight hours in support of Operation Phalanx despite full funding for the number of flight hours that were requested, and this while the number of migrant crossings have increased?    I think, General Alles, it would probably be best for you. Can you provide some clarity?    Mr. Hurd. So just so I am clear, DHS is increasing the number of organic operations to take over the change in the Operation Phalanx.    Mr. Hurd. So would some of that money need to be reprogrammed directly to DHS?    Mr. Hurd. The other question you hit on, and, Chief, probably this question is best directed at you, there is a gap in the number of bodies you can hire and what you have hired. Is that correct?    Mr. Hurd. If you can give me a 30-second snapshot on what is being done to try to fill that void.    Mr. Hurd. If there is a need to help streamline that process and this body can be helpful, please let us know. Because this gets to another issue about, there have been a number of reports, both by Border Patrol, the OIG, independent groups, that highlight some rough conditions, some would say deplorable, at forward operating bases that are being used by agents, cases of E. coli in the drinking water, lack of maintenance and repairs.    Can you tell us what is being done to address these cases that were brought up in the OIG report from last month?    Mr. Hurd. Can you talk to me about the rate of recidivism and how that is a more--why you decided to start using that as a metric of effectiveness along the border?    Mr. Hurd. But that is driving down recidivism, that is not necessarily driving down illegal traffic across the border, correct?    Mr. Hurd. Interesting.    Madam Chairman, I have run out of time. I yield back the time I do not have.