    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I will throw this out for whoever wants to swing at it. Do you believe there is a bias in DOD goods and services procurement against public/private partnerships? For example, does it make sense for OMB and CBO to require 1-year scoring of the entire liability of a public/private partnership but not the same treatment for traditional goods and services government to contractor procurement? Dr. Chu.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Hunter.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah, and housing was the example I was going to go to. It has been a stellar success. And you know, we are going to own it at the end of this 50-year lease/purchase agreement. It has been a win-win. But we run into these same problems with our satellite access. We would like to have multiyear deals where we could get a lower rate, and we are locked into the 1-year scoring, which is just a killer for us.    And another area where I would like to see this done is I would like to take the same model that we use for housing to re-engine the B-52 bombers. We could pay for that, in my view, with the fuel savings, but we would get into the scoring issue again. So I am real interested in your thoughts about how to get around that.    Let me ask this: There are going to be some areas where it doesn't make sense to treat goods and services as a commercial item where DOD can afford to rely on the market to influence positive private sector decisions. Is the space launch one of these?    And as you know, we historically have a situation where Lockheed and Boeing were in the space launch business and couldn't make a profit, and decided to get out and we went, no, don't do that. You all get together and put together a partnership called ULA , and we will feed you enough business to keep you alive. And now we are being attacked--or that model is being attacked, as you know.    And I am just wondering, can we rely on commercial enterprises for essential national security access to space? Anybody want to take a swing at that?    Mr. Rogers. Well, we have got ULA for the moment.    Mr. Rogers. That may not be there by December 1. That is the whole point.    Mr. Rogers. The last statement you made is the key: ``The government has to protect its interest.'' We have to, from a national security standpoint, have assured access to space, which by DOD definition means two sources. We are going to be doing good to keep one at the rate things are going.    But let me ask you this: Mr. Francis, you have recommended that, quote, ``stronger and more uniform incentives are needed to encourage the development of technologies in the right environment to reduce the cost of later changes, and encourage the technology and acquisition in communities to work more closely together to deliver the right technologies at the right time,'' closed quote.    You point out that there are organizational, budgetary, and process impediments which make it difficult to bring technologies from DOD science and technology enterprise into acquisition programs. What are the impediments and how can we change this?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. O'Rourke.