    Mr. Peterson. Well thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for holding this hearing. And I want to thank the folks from the Department and their hard work and the other witnesses that are here. And Chief Weller, I thank you for the work you have done on the RCPP in our part of the world. We appreciate that. And we continue to work on implementing that. So that has been very much appreciated.    I just want to bring up a couple concerns that I have heard too. I haven't looked into this as much, but I have been having farmers talk to me here the last month or 2 that they are not able to qualify to get back into the CSP. I don't know exactly what is going on, if it is a limitation on the dollars or what it is. But I have had two or three of them talk to me about it. Mostly, I want to discuss the CRP a little bit.    A history lesson for those that haven't followed farm policy since 1985, which is a long time ago, the original CRP program was not a conservation program. The original CRP program was to reduce production because prices had collapsed, we had to get land out of production because we had too much production. And so we set up the CRP as a production control mechanism. Back in the 1950s, we had the forerunner, the Soil Bank. And back in those days, in my area, my home county, we had pheasants and ducks all over the place. And then Eisenhower, Ezra Taft Benson, came in, got rid of it. And I have been around too long.    And we today haven't got a pheasant or a duck in that county. And the reason is we lost the Soil Bank and we never got it back in. Because by the time we reestablished the CRP program, that land had become too valuable. And it is all being farmed. So what I am concerned about is that we have added environmental factors into the CRP as we have gone along. Back in 1996, the one thing that was positive in the 1996 Farm Bill was that I convinced Chairman Roberts to raise the cap on CRP to 36 million acres. What that did is it spread out CRP all over the country. And it put in a lot of big tract CRP, which is the main reason why wildlife really responded to the CRP program. Because we had big tracts of half a section or a section where you could spread the predators out and they weren't able to zero in and wipe out all the wildlife like they do on the wildlife management areas in these 40 acre tracts and so forth. So that was really positive.    But as we have gone forward, we keep putting more and more restrictions on the CRP. And we are narrowing where this can be, where people can get in. And I am concerned that where we are heading with CRP is going to really erode the wildlife benefits of the program. And we still have in the statute that \1/3\ of this is supposed to be wildlife benefits, which are supposed to be one of the primary reasons for the CRP.    So I am somewhat disappointed and I have had discussions with the Secretary about the fact that we are not having a general sign-up this year. They have extended the contracts another year. And there is going to be a sign-up, as I understand it, probably the 1st of December, which, for Minnesota, that means nothing happens until the year after this. So I am concerned about the fact that we are not doing it this year. And there was an announcement made, there is going to 800,000 acres targeted. And, frankly, I am a little bit concerned about that. Because what we are doing, once again, is pushing all of these targeted programs which are okay to some extent. But \1/2\ of the 800,000 acres is going to go to be SAFE acres which are basically controlled by the state DNRs. And they have their agenda.    And there is another 300,000 acres for nesting habitat which, apparently, you have to be able to prove that you have nesting pairs of ducks in your field in order for you to qualify. I am not that familiar with it. But that is what I have been told. And then we have the wetland restoration which makes you plug ditches and allow the wetlands to be restored which, I guess, means you are going to have wetlands on your land from that time forward, which has caused some controversy.    And so these targeted programs have contributed to people setting up folks to help get people into these programs. And so in North Dakota, we have a big controversy that has developed because Ducks Unlimited have put a whole bunch of biologists in the FSA offices in North Dakota. And part of the criticism is that we have not funded the technical assistance, so this is necessary. But what is happening is they are pushing people into these other programs and now there is a backlash going on in North Dakota where they want to have a, they are talking about having a bill to tell them they can't have Ducks Unlimited people involved. So it has created some controversies out there.    So I am a little concerned about where we are headed with all this. And I just think as we get to the next general sign-up, I just hope that we can ramp down some of these environmental things so that we can still have big tract CRPs spread across the country and get these wildlife benefits, in addition to the environmental benefits. So with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back. And, again, I appreciate you having this hearing.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman yields back. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, to ensure there is ample time for questions.    The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in the order of arrival. I appreciate the Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements have been distributed ahead of time and will be included within the record.    I would like to welcome our first panel witnesses who are at the table. Chief Jason Weller, Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Administrator Val Dolcini, Farm Service Agency. Thank you, gentlemen for being here today and for your leadership. And Chief Weller, please begin whenever you are ready.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Dolcini, do you have any idea at this point what, the amount of acres you are going to be looking at with the general sign-up December 1?    Mr. Peterson. Well, what I can tell, apparently you can have 25 million acres in Fiscal Year 2016. And you have to go to 24 in Fiscal Year 2017. So you could go into 25 million acres in this sign-up from what I can tell. Am I right about that?    Mr. Peterson. Anyway, it looks like if the whole 800,000 acres are signed up, given what is expiring, it would be 22 million acres and potentially, so you might have, if you went to the maximum, you might have 3 million acres you could enroll. I doubt you are going to do that. I understand that. So, anyway, one thing I am concerned about is, with the $7 corn, as Mr. Lucas pointed out, we had people tearing out CRPs all over the country, including my area, taking out shelter belts and plowing up land that should not be farmed because they could make a little money renting it out and whatever. And now with what is going on, all of a sudden, as I tried to tell them at the time, now some of them are not so sure they made the right decision. So now they are looking at how am I going to get back into the program and so forth. It is going to be competitive and it has all these requirements. And I understand that.    But we have gotten carried away with some of this stuff. I don't know if any other Members here have tried to establish CRP but I have. And it is not easy to do. One of the things that bothers me about what we have been doing is in order to get back into the program, you have to plow up what you have basically. If you don't and re-seed, you are not going to get enough points to get in. That is just the reality of what the situation is. In some cases, that is the right thing to do. In some cases, the CRP is not in good shape and needs to be redone. But in a lot of cases, it is fine. And when you plow that stuff up, you stir up a weed situation in a lot of cases. The weeds have been there for 20 years laying under the ground. And all of a sudden, you have a mess depending on what happens if you got a drought or wet or whatever the situation is. And then you make it worse with this pollinator stuff, which I also have experience with because I tried to put in 2.3 acres under the CSP. And basically what I got out of that, I spent $350 an acre and I got a weed patch. That is what a lot of people have experienced with the pollinator. I support trying to get this out there. And I have bees on my property. But this is not easy. And so I just think, I have had more complaints from farmers that are interested in getting back in about this idea that they got to plow out. I just think that somehow or another we have to have some kind of recognition of a good quality CRP that is established in this process. And so we don't force people to plow up what shouldn't be plowed up and cause maybe a deterioration in the habitat. Is anything being done to look at that situation?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. I am now pleased to recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate you holding this hearing. I appreciate your work at USDA and conservation. I have worked with a few of my constituents that are working on the CRP opt-outs. And I want to let you know that I appreciate you all working with me on that. And it sounds like we have had a lot of folks who maybe have opted out of that program. Is there, how many folks have opted out of the CRP programs? And has it been just concentrated in areas? Because I represent the 12th District of Georgia. Where has the concentration been and how many opt-outs have you all seen in that program?