    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning, and certainly want to thank our panel of distinguished witnesses. I am not going to introduce them at this time, but when you--right before your opening statements, I will introduce each one of you, and each one of you will be given 5 minutes to make your opening statement, and then we will have an opportunity to ask questions.    Today's hearing is entitled ``The 21st Century Electricity Challenge: Ensuring a Secure, Reliable, and Modern Electricity System.'' And I recognize myself for 5 minutes, I see I am already started on the clock.    As we all know, the U.S. was the first nation to electrify, and our system of generation, transmission, distribution, and related communication remains the best in the world. Nonetheless, new challenges are emerging, as are opportunities to modernize and improve the electric grid. The challenges are significant. Much of our grid is outdated. In fact, I have heard--I think I remember in someone's statement, 70 percent of our grid is over 25 years old. Coal-fired generation facilities are shutting down at an alarming rate, reserve margins are inadequate in several regions, intermittent and remote renewable capacity is coming online, and cyber threats pose a growing concern. Those are some of the challenges, but the--we have many opportunities also. Utilities are planning to invest more than $60 billion in transmission infrastructure through 2024 to modernize the Nation's electric grid, while abundant fuel resources and advanced generation, storage, and distribution management technologies can help modernize and diversify the Nation's power portfolio. Further, big data energy analytics and new information technologies offer a diverse suite of novel products and services that can identify and mitigate inefficiencies in the electricity supply chain, while helping utilities meet changing consumer expectations.    So we have many opportunities, and that is why we want you distinguished gentlemen here today to give us some insights on opportunities for the future.    Mr. Whitfield. So with that, I will yield back the balance of my time. And, Mr. McNerney, I will recognize you for a 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. McNerney, I am glad to see you so enthusiastic this morning. So, you know, I want to also give a warm welcome to our former Secretary of Energy, Spencer Abraham. Appreciate you joining us today, very much. And Mr. Charlie Bass, a former member of this committee, we appreciate him being here as well.    Our chairman, Fred Upton, is going to be a little late arriving today, so at this time, I would like to recognize Mr. Pallone for his 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. And that concludes the opening statements.    So now I would like to introduce our panel. And once again, we thank all of you for joining us today, and we look forward to your testimony.    Our first witness this morning is Mr. Tom Siebel who is chairman and CEO of C3 Energy, also one of the founders of Oracle.    Each one of you will be given 5 minutes, then the little red light will come on when 5 minutes is up, but we won't go strictly by that red light. But, Mr. Siebel, thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you very much.    And our next witness is Mr. Dean Kamen, who is the Founder and President, inventor and--also, but he is the Founder and President of DEKA Research and Development Corporation. And, Mr. Kamen, thank you very much for joining us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Marvelous. Thank you, Mr. Kamen. We appreciate that.    Our next witness is Mr. Michael Atkinson, who is the President of Alstom Grid, Incorporated, who is testifying on behalf of GridWise Alliance. So you are recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Atkinson.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Atkinson.    And our next witness is Mr. Christopher Christiansen, who is Executive Vice President, Alevo Energy. And you are recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Christiansen.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Christiansen.    At this time, I would like to recognize Mr. Joel Ivy, who is General Manager of Lakeland Electric, who is testifying on behalf of the American Public Power Association. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Ivy.    And at this time, I would like to recognize Mr. Paul Nahi, who is CEO of Enphase Energy. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    Our next witness is Mr. Naimish Patel, who is the CEO of Gridco Systems. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Patel, I have let you go over almost 3 minutes, so would you conclude?    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much for your testimony. And thank all of you.    And at this time we will open it up for questions, and I will recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Siebel, you had mentioned that the smart grid analytics technology, the savings are so great over cost that you really don't need incentives or subsidies from the Government for some of this, but anytime we go through transformation of any sector, certainly in the electricity sector, there are always impediments, and you do refer to some State regulations and accounting rules. I was wondering if you would elaborate a little bit on that for us?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. I would ask any of you, in America, we have this pretty well balkanized system. We have some independent systems like California, Texas, we have RTOs, we have regulated States, deregulated States. Does that balkanized system impede the growth of technology in the electricity sector?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. All right.    Mr. Whitfield. You know, Mr. Kamen, in your testimony, we go through these transformations, there are always unintended consequences, and you do refer to the distributed energy resource death spiral of Germany. Would you elaborate on that a little bit?    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Yes. My time is out, but I did want to just convey one thing. I was talking to a CEO of a big utility company in California, and they were building some additional transmission lines underground, and he said that the cost for them per mile was $100 million, which--that is a lot.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. And did anyone else want to briefly respond to that? You looked like you wanted to say something, Mr. Siebel.    Mr. Whitfield. And Mr. Patel wanted to make a comment.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Patel.    At this time, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Loebsack, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize Mr. Mullin, the gentleman from Oklahoma, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    And at this time, I recognize the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you.    That concludes today's hearing, and I want to thank each and every one of you for joining us today, for your testimony, for responding to our questions. And we look forward to working with you as we move forward, and it is going to take the efforts of all of us, of course, to be successful.    And I will keep the record open for 10 days for any additional materials.    And with that, the hearing is concluded.