    Ms. Mackin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, Ranking Member Kuster and members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss our recent report on VA's use of interagency agreements and Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, or FFRDCs.    Interagency agreements can take different forms, but as was mentioned, our focus was on those where VA pays a fee to another agency to award a contract on its behalf. FFRDCs are not-for-profit entities that have a long-term special relationship with government agencies. By their very nature, all work to FFRDCs is awarded without competition.    Interagency agreements and FFRDCs account for a relatively small slice of VA's overall procurement spending, a little over $2 billion from fiscal years 2012 to 2014. But a key component for both is oversight and accountability as to where VA's dollars are going. Each also has potential for certain risks that need to be properly managed.    Our key findings with regard to interagency agreements were that, first, the full extent of VA's use of these agreements is unknown. We analyzed data from the Department's Electronic Contract Management System and found $1.7 billion reported from 2012 to 2014. But when we did more digging into VA's accounting system, we found another $600 million to $900 million in potential interagency agreements.    Second, we reviewed 21 interagency agreements in more detail and found that almost half were missing required documentation. In some cases, this included VA's reasons for using the agreement instead of another contracting mechanism. Because VA is paying a fee when it uses interagency agreements, the lack of complete documentation places VA at risk of paying these fees without proper oversight.    And now regarding FFRDCs. Since 2008, VA has cosponsored an FFRDC under the MITRE Corporation. It also has a large task order with a second MITRE FFRDC. In total, these have a potential value of over $400 million.    We found that VA has processes in place to review and oversee its FFRDC use, but we also found some areas where documentation was not as comprehensive as it could be. I'll mention two key areas.    First, we reviewed 10 task orders and found that in all 10 cases VA accepted MITRE's exact proposed price. In six of these cases, the contractor's proposal was higher than VA's own cost estimate, but we found no evidence of price negotiation, specifically to lower the number of labor hours or change the mix of the contractor's staff.    Further, the contract files did not reflect the factors VA considered in determining that requirements were appropriate for an FFRDC. There was no record, for example, of decisions to carve out certain requirements that could be competed among other contractors. VA officials said these discussions do happen, but they weren't documented in the files we reviewed.    A final issue I will note is that while VA's Technology Acquisition Center, or TAC, is responsible for overseeing all of VA's FFRDC use, we found this was not happening in practice. We identified four non-MITRE FFRDCs that TAC was not aware of. This means that VA organizations were obligating funds to these other FFRDCs without the required review and oversight.    We made five recommendations to VA to address the issues we found, and as Mr. Heard mentioned, the Department concurred with all of them. We will, as usual, take steps to identify the specific actions the Department is taking.    This concludes my prepared remarks. Thank you.    Ms. Mackin. I would say it was a mixed bag. We looked at 21 interagency agreements, and a quarter simply had nothing at all. Some others had the words ``market research,'' but when you read it, it was just a statement that VA liked the services the other agency was providing or they liked the contractor the other agency was using. It wasn't really robust market research. We did see robust market research in a few cases.    Ms. Mackin. It's really a matter of documentation. Again, there's several key questions that the TAC needs to consider in determining a requirement to be appropriate for an FFRDC because, again, we're in a sole source environment with very broad, closely associated with inherently governmental work that these entities are allowed to do.    As was mentioned, in the pre-award discussions we were told that this vetting is taking place, but we did not see it in the task order files we reviewed, and that was one of the recommendations we made to the Department for more transparency.    Ms. Mackin. We identified that $600 million to $900 million in potential interagency agreement obligations that should be captured in eCMS. We all know there's been a history of data reliability problems with the contract system. In fact, we found it not to be reliable for our purposes. So we recommended that VA do some spot checking with the accounting system to see if those are assisted acquisitions or the other type.    Ms. Mackin. I believe that was an IG report. As I said, this most recent review we could not rely on eCMS for our purposes.    Ms. Mackin. We don't know that either, because in the files it didn't always indicate what the fee was. We know it ranged from 2 percent to about 14 percent, with the average around 5 percent. But I don't have dollar figures.    Ms. Mackin. I actually asked my staff to look into this very question in preparation for today, and we just couldn't get there with the documentation that was in the files.    Ms. Mackin. Actually, we do find it across the government. Almost every time we do a deep dive on any contracting issue we find data errors. And interagency agreements were actually on GAO's High Risk List for almost 10 years because of the risk of out-of-scope work, lack of competition, unauthorized work, and the fees that are being paid. So these issues are not limited to VA.    Ms. Mackin. That was a $60,000 per year saving to VA, taking it from DLA and bringing it in-house.    Ms. Mackin. This contract had been in place with DLA since 2008. And when DLA raised its fee from 2 to 2.5 percent, which equated to $140-some-odd-thousand per year, that's when the VA people started asking questions about the basis for the fee increase. So they did recognize it and start looking into it at that point.    Ms. Mackin. I guess so.    Ms. Mackin. It's a legitimate question. As I said, I looked into this in preparation for today, and based on the information we saw in the files, we can't get there in every single case. This one just happened to be clear cut enough that we could quantify the impact.    Ms. Mackin. I think any time the government's in a sole source environment they have a weakened negotiation position in terms of setting the prices. So I would say for any sole source arrangement that that's a risk. And that's why we hope that VA, in agreeing with our recommendation, will document their decisions to carve out certain requirements that can be competed. They've looked at this in the past, in 2012, for example, and saved $7 million in doing so. So we think that has to happen routinely to save money for the Department.    Ms. Mackin. I don't have any information on that.    Ms. Mackin. I think there is the potential for significant risk. As I mentioned, interagency agreements were on our high-risk list for 10 years almost. And because of the potential for out-of-scope work, unauthorized work, lack of competition, and paying too much in fees, FFRDCs, again, you are in a sole-source situation where this contractor is authorized to do work that is very closely associated with inherently governmental work. So this is why both of these need to be very closely monitored and overseen.