    Mr. Clyburn. Thank you very much. I thank the gentlelady for yielding. Madam Chair, Ranking Member, I don't know if many people realize this or not, but a little over 10 years ago, when we experienced Katrina and Rita, I was designated by the Speaker of the House to be the Congressional coordinator for our response to Katrina and Rita.    So I spent a lot of time in Louisiana and Mississippi, and I learned a lot, which was added to my own personal experiences with Hugo 26 years ago.    Now, what I have found--in keeping with the question raised by Ranking Member Thompson--is that there seems to be a natural default to State planning. I want to tell you what drives my thought on this.    When I accompanied Secretary Johnson down to South Carolina to listen to the State plans, here is what stuck with me from that hearing, this quote: ``We may run out of money before we reach all of the hard-hit areas, but we know where they are.''    Now, that bothered me tremendously and I still wake up every morning thinking about that statement. Because there is no one-stop facility. I think, Mr. Fugate, you mentioned that FEMA's limitations--you may not have mentioned this--if you get turned down by FEMA, then you got to go to the SBA. Then you got to get turned down by SBA for the loan in order to go back to FEMA in order to get the assistance. Now, this is not a good model for a lot of rural communities, a lot of people who are hit the hardest. Especially when they don't have transportation.    Then we set up these recovery centers, and they are not one-stop recovery centers. I could see it. If you go to this table to talk to FEMA, then walk across the gymnasium or auditorium to another table to talk to SBA. In this modern day, with all the computers and stuff we got, I don't see why this cannot be done, it cannot be a one-stop place for these people, because they give up on the process.    So I am asking, how are these agreements agreed upon; these agreements that you seem to default to, these State agreements, State-by-State agreements? Do we study them or do we evaluate them, or do we just accept what they send to us and then respond to it?    Mr. Clyburn. Excuse me. That is not what I said. We didn't. That is the question. The question is: Is it possible to set up one-stop? I remember, when we responded to Katrina and Rita, we brought planeloads of people from Louisiana to South Carolina. When we received them in South Carolina, we put them up in a one-stop facility. We had every agency in that one place on the University of South Carolina's campus, and nobody had to go across town. Everybody could go from desk to desk to desk.    But that is not what is going on in our response to these floods in South Carolina. So my question was: Can you require States, in setting up these plans, to make it convenient for rural, low-income citizens and require that we have the hardest-hit areas responded to in a fashion that is conducive to their life's experiences rather than to focus on the subdivisions?    Mr. Clyburn. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair. I appreciate your indulgence, but I just want you to know it was not FEMA that said we may run out of the money. It was not     Thank you.    Mr. Clyburn. Absolutely. I yield back.    Mr. Clyburn. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Madam Chair, I subscribe to your theory that seems to be based upon one of my favorite writers, George Santayana, who once wrote if we fail to learn the lessons of our history we are bound to repeat them. It seems as if we are repeating some of the should-have-been-learned lessons from Katrina and Rita.    I always mention Rita because, really, Rita did most of the damage over in Mississippi and we seem to forget that. I am particularly interested in whether or not if--I will keep my fingers crossed--I am successful in persuading enough Members of the Congress to do an emergency supplemental for these 32 counties in my State. We only have 46; two-thirds of the State was affected by the storm. We had 19 losses, 19 fatal loss of life. We had over 60,000 homes destroyed.    Now, there is no way in the world these people are going to be adequately addressed under current appropriations. We are going to have to have some kind of a supplemental to get them back on their feet.    Now, the question is if we are successful down the road, as we were with Sandy, is there some way for Congress to deal with this issue of the SBA loans? Whether or not these SBA loans--those people who may have gotten them--under current law they would not be eligible for supplemental participation in the supplemental. Now, there is something fundamentally unfair about that. It seems to be almost inhuman. Is it possible for us to address that issue?    Mr. Clyburn. Absolutely.    Mr. Clyburn. Right.    Mr. Clyburn. Well, thank you very much for that. But I think a lot of times, with us--this is my first elected office. I have been here 23 years, but I ran a State agency for about 18 years, and a county agency for 4 years before that. So I know a little something about making these administrative decisions.    Sometimes, often times, we confuse the words ``duplicate'' and ``supplement.'' Now, when you are supplementing you aren't duplicating. But for some strange reason, we always want to lay that supplement on top of the previous to make it a duplication rather than a supplemental.    So I think that these fine lines have got to be dealt with. It is too easy to toss people aside by confusing those two. I am like Mr. Donovan: One of my constituents had just rebuilt after a fire completely destroyed the home.    They rebuilt from the fire, and within 30 days the whole home was wiped out because of the loan. Now, when you rebuild after a fire there are some loans or some mortgages being assumed. So that family is now destroyed for all intents and purposes, for life. They will never regain their footing.    The way we are looking at some of these rules and regulations now, they are just out in the cold, they are not going to be able to participate.    So I am very, very concerned about that, and I would hope that as we go forward with this--because these lives that were lost, these 19 lives, they were not resisting leaving. They were swept away in fast-moving waters. Some of them swept out of their automobiles. Just driving along and got swept out of their automobiles, and they are found miles away from their automobile.    So there are things here that I really believe we need to pay some close attention to. Because in spite of how we may argue this issue, I am a firm believer that we are going to have more of these disasters going forward. When you are having a 500-year event every 10 years, it says something that we need to be concerned about.    Mr. Clyburn. Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Clyburn. Thank you very much.