    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for agreeing to hold today's hearing and for working with us in a bipartisan way. And I also thank you for doing something else, that is, I notice that you have consistently given our Federal employees credit for what they do. Every time I speak before a group of Federal employees, they say that so often they hear just negative things about them. And I know that you have said it in private, and now you are saying it in public about the Secret Service, that we have a phenomenal number of great dedicated Secret Service agents. And I really appreciate that and I know they do, too.    You have sought the input from our side and our participation, and I believe our efforts will be more effective as a result of that. But more significantly, you have shown respect for us. We are holding today's hearings because the independent panel has done a thorough review of the Secret Service, and we want to hear directly from them before taking our next steps.    To the panel, I want to thank you for what you have done. You have done an outstanding job in a short period of time. They met with more than 170 people from inside and outside the Secret Service. They made numerous recommendations. And now the upper managers of the agency have been removed. The chairman and I both strongly agree that the independent panel's work was excellent.    We have also discussed the panel's classified report. We believe it was tough, it was thorough, and crucial to bringing about real change at the agency. Again, we thank all the members of the panel. But I want to make two key points today. First, I completely agree with the panel that the question of leadership is most important. Although the previous Director has left and top managers have been removed, the job is only half done. As the panel concluded, a strong group of new leaders must now be identified. And that responsibility rests with the executive branch.    Second, I also agree with the panel that these changes ``require strong leadership, but they will also require resources.'' And that is our job. That is the job of the Congress. Their report makes clear that the Secret Service is stretched too thin; the status quo in long shifts, forced overtime, inadequate training, and too little rest. I would like to read briefly from the report describing this problem. It says this: ``The strains are manifest throughout the agency. The Service has been forced to pull firearms instructors from its training academy and uniformed officers guarding foreign missions to work protective details. The attrition has caused alarm. 'It is all smoke and mirrors,' says a plain clothes agent. 'We are like a giant ship teetering on toothpicks, waiting to collapse,' says another. Our protective mission is in crisis.'' That was from a press report in 2002, more than a decade ago.    Let me read another quote: ``While the threat of terrorism looms large over the White House complex, one of the most insidious threats of our national security actually comes from within. With the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and the fallout from the Hurricane Katrina disaster, the Secret Service, overall, has suffered much in terms of budget, or perhaps more appropriately, the lack thereof. ``We were informed last year that our budget had been cut and that the Secret Service was going to have to make some changes to cut costs and save money.'' That quote was from 2007. It was from a letter sent internally to the Secret Service leadership by a former uniformed division officer, and we have obtained a copy.    Last week, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association wrote the committee saying this, ``A lack of resources and funding is the core reason the agency has suffered its newsworthy deficits. Its moments of honesty, even media reports, have reStated what is well-known in the Service and was highlighted by the protective mission review panel that the Secret Service has been outstretched and underfunded since the 9/11 attacks and continues to be.''    Let me make one last thing clear. I am not saying we should throw money at the problem, that more money is a silver bullet, that inadequate funding is an excuse for failure or any other similar straw-man argument.    I agree with the independent panel that the Secret Service has atrophied. It needs more funding, and it is our job in Congress to get it to them. The panel recommended as a first step adding 200 officers and 85 agents. And it said many more may be necessary once the new management team assesses the agency needs. We have heard from others inside and outside the Secret Service that they are down by at least 500 positions. The DHS funding bill would start to restore some of this funding. But unfortunately, it is being held up by our Republican friends who oppose the President's actions on immigration.    We have only 2 weeks left before the Department shuts down. If it happens, the Secret Service employees will be required to continue working without pay. This is no way to treat the Secret Service agents, officers. They should not be collateral damage in this political fight. The fact is that Federal workers across the board have been hammered over the past 4 years. They have sacrificed nearly $140 billion as a result of a 3-year pay freeze and pay cuts in the form of increased retirement contributions for newly hired employees. They have endured sequestration cuts and furloughs and the elimination of jobs for the last 3 years. It is time to recognize that these actions take a toll.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would like to take a moment to address our work here on the committee. I completely agree that we must reform this agency. Its mission is just too critical. I have the greatest admiration for the President, and the last thing I want is for something to happen to him or the other people that the Secret Service is responsible for protecting.    So I commit to working with you to the best of my ability and in good faith. In return, I ask that we focus aggressively on the reforms that are needed, that we avoid spending valuable time reinvestigating issues that others have already investigated, and that we continue working closely together, as we have been, to conduct our investigation in a responsible way that does no harm to the agency or the mission.    And with that I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Perrelli, I want to go back to something that you said. And you said that the Secret Service needs an additional 85 agents and 200 officers. And then you said something that I want you to explain. You said as a downpayment. What does that mean?    Mr. Cummings. Well, if we are able to pass the DHS budget, we will be able to hire the 85 agents and the 200 officers.    But let me ask you with regard to going back to training. There is a lot of talk about the fourth shift. And, you know, I want to go back to what the chairman was asking about. You are saying they are getting 25 minutes--I hope the committee hears this--25 minutes a year. Is that what you said?    Mr. Cummings. Twenty-five minutes of training?    Mr. Cummings. And what would be acceptable?    Mr. Cummings. One of the things that has concerned I am sure the chairman, and definitely it has concerned me--and I am wondering how you got into this and what your conclusions may have been. We have agents who felt more comfortable coming to the Congress and telling us about their concerns than telling the higher ups at the Secret Service. And I have said it many times. I think for this kind of organization, that is not good. And so, I mean, what do you all see as the--did you find that to be the case? I mean, well, what conclusions did you come to? And how do you remedy that?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Again, I want to thank you all for all you have done. I just want to zero in on something that we have not spent a lot of time on. When I was the chairman of the Subcommittee over Maritime Transportation and the Coast Guard, under the Transportation Committee, we had a situation where the Coast Guard was purchasing boats that didn't float, literally. Literally. And what we discovered was that the Coast Guard did not--the way they constructed their contracts and did their procurement, the major problem is they didn't have people in-house who knew about procurement, which is incredible. And we literally lost hundreds of millions of dollars.    And that takes me back to the piece where you all talk about maybe we need to have people who are experts in certain areas to do that. And then I was listening to what the chairman was reading--I guess that was budget language. And I asked myself, well, how do those things happen? You know, an accounting-type person speaks accounting. And so I was wondering, how significant is that? And it sounds like what they do is they take agents and put them in these positions that they may not--I don't want to say may not be qualified for. But there are probably people who have trained in those expertise that would be better in that. And can you tell me the significance of that? And have I got that right?    Mr. Cummings. Last but not least, we talk about morale. One of the things that we find in hiring people even here on the Hill, people like to know that they have a chance to move up in an organization. I guess it--the military is sort of like that, I guess.    The people that you talk to, the agents, did they say that they would prefer somebody from the outside? I am just curious.    Mr. Cummings. As I close, let me just say this: That we--that the chairman and I have been working very hard on this issue. And your report and your work, without a doubt, has been a guiding light. And I cannot tell you how much we appreciate it. It has allowed us to be able to delve into some things that we probably would not even have known about. And the way you--and your recommendations, all of that will help us tremendously.    And I think your report serves as an example of where, when we have crises like this, and I do consider it a crisis, that it is the kind of thing we probably need to start with so that we could then delve even deeper. So again, I want to thank you. And I want you to know that, you know, I think what you have done will make the Secret Service a much stronger organization and, as someone said, restore the honor that we have known for many, many years. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. This is for our own sake, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Filip?    Mr. Cummings. You said something a minute ago that--you said--you were talking about--you were answering a question, and you said--you were talking about the President making a selection. But then you went on to say, ``We could support that.'' I mean, what does that mean? In other--not necessarily that particular question.    So, I mean, what do you see as you all's role now? That is what I am trying to get to.    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. Was it your understanding, when you were appointed, that that would be part of it or is that something that you all are basically saying we are willing to do? Are you following me?    Mr. Cummings. Well, that makes me quadruple my thanks. You know, I am serious that you would do your duty and then say that we--you know, we are willing to followup to help make this organization the very best that it can be. And I think that this is what America is all about. This is what--you all are what make this country the great country that it is. And I don't say that lightly. And I really appreciate it, and I know that our committee does, too.