    Mr. Banta-Green. Good morning, Chairman Murphy and members of the committee. I am honored to speak to you today about how we can improve the health of our communities as they struggle with how to manage stress, pain, and addiction in a society and a healthcare system that has historically valued and incentivized quick fixes over real health and wellness. We face big challenges but we do know what needs to be done.    I am a Senior Research scientist at the Alcohol and Drug Abuse Institute at the University of Washington, where I am also Affiliate Faculty in the School of Public Health and the Harborview Injury Prevention and Research Center. My current work includes leading a study of an intervention to prevent opioid overdoses among heroin and pharmaceutical opioid users that is funded by the National Institutes of Health. I have a project analyzing prescription monitoring program data and developing interventions with those data to improve health for those taking controlled substances. This is funded by the Bureau of Justice Assistance with an award to our State Department of Health; and I am currently running the Center for Opioid Safety Education which supports communities across Washington State so that they can respond to the overwhelming impacts of opioid abuse and overdose in their communities. That funding is from the SAMHSA block grant to our state substance abuse agency.    As a public health researcher, I think in terms of primary prevention--preventing a problem from starting; secondary prevention--intervening in a problem to prevent it from getting worse; and tertiary prevention--to prevent death and serious harm.    Given that our communities are in crisis, let us start with preventing death and serious harm. Overdoses can be prevented and most can be reversed before they become fatal if people know how to recognize an overdose and how to respond. Overdoses are a crisis of breathing. 911 needs to be called. An antidote, naloxone, needs to be administered, rescue breathing needs to be initiated and the overdose victim needs to be monitored. Naloxone is a proven, safe medication yet far too few people who need it even know about it, can get it easily or can afford it. Overdose education on naloxone can be provided in a doctor's office, by a pharmacist, at jails or via community-based health education programs such as syringe exchanges. Those at highest risk for overdose are heroin users. Syringe exchanges have the staffing expertise and trusting relationships with our loved ones who use heroin that are necessary to provide lifesaving services.    At the same time, far more people are using pharmaceutical opioids. About 3 percent of adults use opioids chronically for pain. They also need overdose education and take-home naloxone.    Fatal overdose prevention is a necessary first step, but it is a short-term emergency response. Given that opioid addiction leads to changes in the brain and that addiction is a chronic and relapsing condition, it needs to be treated as a chronic medical condition. We are fortunate to have medications to support opioid addiction recovery. Methadone and buprenorphine have been consistently shown in research to save lives and be cost efficient. However, access is still limited by regulatory, geographic, and financial barriers.    Switching to those using opioids for chronic pain, realistic expectations about pain relief need to be discussed, including the fact that long-term opioid use may not lead to good pain control and in fact may reduce functioning. Washington State has led the nation by implementing chronic pain management guidelines in 2007 which have subsequently been codified in State law. Key points of these guidelines include: a dosing threshold trigger for consultation with a pain specialist; patient evaluation elements; periodic review of a patient's course of treatment; encouraging prescriber education on the safe and effective uses of opioids; and the use of medication-assisted treatment if a person is not successfully tapered off of opioids and has an opioid use disorder.    So, how do we prevent opioid addiction in the first place? Given that the majority of young adult heroin users now report they were first hooked on pharmaceutical opioids, it is clear that addressing inappropriate initiation is essential. The decision to begin prescribing opioids for minor injuries and pain needs to be carefully considered as does the total quantity dispensed if they are prescribed. Opioids in the home need to be carefully monitored and immediately disposed of when no longer needed. Parents need to know how to talk with their kids about medication safety as well as how to manage stress and pain without medications, drugs, or alcohol.    To conclude, we can keep people alive, we can treat harms related to opioid use and we can prevent misuse, but, given the potential harms of improper care for those with opioid use problems, we need to take a strategic approach based upon the fact that pharmaceutical opioids can be used interchangeably with heroin and we need to work on prevention and intervention simultaneously.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Banta-Green. Rejigger? I am not familiar with that one, but I know what you mean. So I think that is right. I think what we need, as Mr. Brason said, is we need a range of options.    Mr. Banta-Green. We need a menu of things. Different things work for different people.    Mr. Banta-Green. I am not sure it is exactly 10 percent. What I----    Mr. Banta-Green. It is a minority. I think it is important--Dr. Roger Weiss at Harvard had a paper come out last month that followed up after 42 months people who had started on buprenorphine. Some did well at the front end. Some did not. After 42 months, only 8 percent were still addicted to opioids but about a third of those people had managed to not be on medication-assisted treatment but many had still been on medication-assisted treatment.    Mr. Banta-Green. There are different paths for different people.    Mr. Banta-Green. Absolutely. There is no question about that.    Mr. Banta-Green. I know that it is a very low proportion.    Mr. Banta-Green. No. A person who is being managed on medication-assisted treatment, per the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, the American Psychiatric Association, it is not addicted anymore. They are physiologically dependent on opioids. We need to separate out addiction from dependence. Addiction is what we see, all the social and psychological pieces plus the physical. You address the physical and then you can deal with the rest.    Mr. Banta-Green. No.    Mr. Banta-Green. I would say that the goal is for the person to do well, and for some of them, that is going to be to go off the medications immediately. They are not going to do well on those medications. For other people, they are going to have a short period. For people who have been involved in addiction and a lot of their life has been wrapped around it for 10, 15, 20 years, that is going to take a long time to work through and it is going to take a longtime for them to recreate that life. So some people may need to be on them long term, some not at all, some short term.    Mr. Banta-Green. Thank you for the question. So just to be clear, methadone maintenance is done in large treatment facilities, generally in larger cities, and there actually is demand for that. We actually at one of our large facilities had afternoon dosing last year because there was such demand. But in terms of buprenorphine, which is really important, because as opiate addiction has spread across the states into more rural areas, methadone clinics aren't going to be able to serve all those places. You can't go and dose 6 days a week. You need something like buprenorphine. It is much easier to access from a geographic perspective.    But Dr. Roger Rosenblatt at the University of Washington recently published literature on this and found that many, many of the rural communities do not even have a single Suboxone provider, and what I think it is important to understand is that there is the geographic barrier in terms of many communities don't even have a Suboxone provider. My understanding, and he has done research with those physicians, particularly those who have already been trained and waivered by DEA to provide buprenorphine for addiction treatment, most still don't ever prescribe, and the reason they do not prescribe is that they are not getting adequate reimbursement is one piece of it, but there are inadequate addiction counseling services in their communities and also they do not want to be the only doctor prescribing, and in fact, they should not be the only doctor prescribing. It is not appropriate to have a single provider in a community doing addiction treatment. So those are some of the barriers that are faced in terms of having enough physicians step up to prescribe at the same time is really important. There are reimbursement issues and then there are also those geographic issues as well.    Mr. Banta-Green. I think in the very short term--and I think what is really important is, we need to understand that buprenorphine as a medication is overdose prevention. It is long-term overdose prevention. Naloxone is 90-minute overdose prevention. Buprenorphine is potentially many, many years' worth of overdose prevention. So there are clearly reimbursement issues but there are also many providers with very poor training in addiction. They know very little about addiction. They are very uncomfortable with it just as they are very uncomfortable with prescribing opioids, which they also have very poor training in, which are pretty important issues, given what we are talking about, that there is not adequate training.    Mr. Banta-Green. Sure. So most drug courts do not allow people on medication-assisted treatment or in fact taper them off. I think it would be actually great to do the opposite, which is to allow all drug courts in fact to require that they allow some type of medication-assisted treatment with methadone or buprenorphine, and as I talked about that doctor shortage in rural areas, part of the thing they need are supports. So if they had the support of a court that they knew had criminal sanctions over this person, right, so they are concerned about having all these addicted patients they don't feel like have much control over, partnering with the court----    Mr. Banta-Green . Would be a nice partnership and maybe a win-win both for the community in terms of having a lot less crime----    Mr. Banta-Green. Absolutely.    Mr. Banta-Green. I would just mention so at the University of Washington in terms of trying to limit opioid use and treat pain well, and again, as you mentioned, the JCAHO is actually focused on pain as the fifth vital sign, and we think that is part of what has led a lot of visits. It is easy to quickly treat pain with an opiate, and what we are seeing is that, as I mentioned earlier, it may lead to a lot of dysfunction, but if pain is your measure, if symptom relief is your pure measure, you are in trouble, because what we really care about is functioning, and that is really the idea that we are moving towards. There is a nice computer-based support for physicians called the Pain Tracker that among other things really helps that patient focus every visit on what is their functioning, not just their pain level, but really, what is their functioning.