    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Cohen, I have a series of questions about your report, and please answer a simple yes or no. Did you make any public announcement of your intention to initiate a review of EPA's actions?    Hon. Cohen. I made a public announcement. I had a press conference.    Mr. Tonko. So the answer is yes. Have you disclosed the names and affiliations of the original 200 to 300 people you solicited to participate in your review?    Hon. Cohen. Not all the names, the numbers--.    Mr. Tonko. Yes or no.    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. Have you disclosed the names and affiliations of the 60 people who responded to your letters and who participated in your review?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. Are the individuals' responses or the questions or other information you solicited from them publicly available?    Hon. Cohen. We can arrange for them to be----    Mr. Tonko. Yes or no. Are they available?    Hon. Cohen. They're available if you call for them to be published, yes.    Mr. Tonko. Did you subject your questions and methodologies used in the review to public or outside expert input or comment regarding the validity of your questions and methodologies?    Hon. Cohen. I--the answer is yes.    Mr. Tonko. Before it was finalized, was your report subjected to peer review by anyone unconnected with the report's development, your firm or DLA Piper?    Hon. Cohen. It's not been subjected to peer review.    Mr. Tonko. Did you provide any preliminary drafts of your report to the public?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. To EPA?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. To the State of Alaska?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. To the Pebble Mine Group?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. To the 60 individuals who participated in your review?    Hon. Cohen. No.    Mr. Tonko. Well, if I had an EPA witness here, the responses would have demonstrated that they used a far more rigorous and public process to conduct its business than you used to produce this document. This document is little more than a slanted reiteration of the timeline of events. It deals with neither scientific nor legal issues. Your report was privately commissioned and done in a closed process that was subject to little scrutiny. It appears to be little more than your opinion, an opinion that just happens to align with that of your client.    I'd like to point out one small example of the report's bias. Your report describes numerous meetings and communications between EPA and your client in objective, dispassionate terms. Fine. But when it comes to describing contacts between EPA and any of your clients' opponents, all of a sudden these are evidence of bias on the part of the agency. Nonsense. It is evidence that EPA is being responsive to citizens asking for help. Your client has used this Committee and the Freedom of Information Act and firms like yours to harass and discredit its opponents. It's not working.    As more people become aware of the unique beauty and value of Bristol Bay for Alaskans and for the Nation, the region and its people are gaining more support. By contrast, your client's reputation and credibility are losing ground and apparently investors, and this project is being exposed as a potential environmental and social nightmare.    I have enough experience in Washington to be very familiar with the tactic of trying to validate something by simply repeating it. You can label your report ``independent'' and you can repeat the word as many times as you like but a report produced at the behest of a client who paid you and your team is not independent. A report that was produced with no public scrutiny or independent review of the methodologies, the information sources or findings is not independent. All you have exposed is the agency responding to the people of Bristol Bay who are trying to preserve their livelihoods, their culture, their communities, and their environment from predation by a foreign company that will take far more from them than it will ever provide.    And with that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Hon. Cohen. Mr. Chairman, if I could----