    Mr. Brown. Yes, ma'am, I just would like to address, in addition to what the Corps has already mentioned, a couple other things. I think for us some of the lessons learned that were critical what is that we need to adapt the facilities to the local needs, and so looking at what is available in the local market that can be sustained over time.    So sometimes we may look at bringing in a U.S. construction technique or design and put it into a country where maybe those materials aren't available in that country or its--it will be very difficult to sustain. So while we are sure that we used the right standards for safety, we've learned that we need to adjust what we do, especially with the finishes, to make sure that that's sustainable over time.    Also, there's a code that we use, the Unified Facilities Code that all of DOD uses that we've recently just in late '13 have released that. And that addresses the kinds of things that we need to consider when we go into contingency operations.    For us within AFCEC we've also updated what we call our playbooks, which is our internal processes, so that both from a contingency perspective and work we do for military construction, we've bounced those lessons learned off each other so that we understand from a standards perspective what we should be doing and also what we've learned from these contingency operations to make sure that in the future, as we support the military, that we've captured those lessons learned, they're in our processes, and they'll be there when the next folks are called upon to do something like this.    Mr. Brown. Yes, it is.    Mr. Brown. I'd be happy to. Yes, cost plus fixed fee is usually used when you have risks that you just don't feel that you can bound them properly, right, so if you can't guarantee what the material pipeline may look like. So it's a shared risk between those who hold the contract and those who you contract with.    When we go into a firm fixed price contract, that is where we're much more comfortable that we can set a price and it can be delivered for that price, that there is appropriate risk being carried by both the government and by the contractor.    I will say, as we looked back over the history of the work we did in Afghanistan, we saw early on--I think as respective to what was the status of the affairs early on--that we used a fair amount of cost plus fixed fee contracts early when we were early involved. But from about '11, '12 on, we switched most of our work to firm fixed price because at that point we felt we could better guarantee the price and hold the contractor to that.    In the case of the headquarters, let me just kind of walk back through what happened there. That was a cost plus fixed fee ----    Mr. Brown. Okay.    Mr. Brown. Yes, sir. I'd say there were probably two contributing factors there. One was the security you mentioned with the general security around the area. And we saw that that impacted us both in dollars and in time. The other thing is the proximity of that facility to the presidential compound, and so we--when we would see that there would be delays and there were fairly extensive delays whenever the President would be moving, we would have to clear the work area of all the workers until the President--Afghanistan President was back in place or had left the compound. And so that cost us about 10 months and about ----    Mr. Brown. Well, cumulative over the whole time. I'm talking ----    Mr. Brown. Cumulative--the cumulative impact of that.    Mr. Brown. Of having to clear the work area of all the workers and then bring them back on once we were allowed to bring the workers back on the worksite.    Mr. Brown. No.    Mr. Brown. I don't think we understood that we were going to have to clear the work area as the head of government moved around.    Mr. Brown. Probably the biggest factor was that when we went to start the project, the area that we were going to work in was in the control of the Afghan National Army. It took about 14 months for us actually secure it to get access to that area. So from the beginning the project was delayed because we could not get access to there to begin to do the construction work. That was the largest single delay that we had.    I mentioned the security issues in there. The other one we talked a little bit earlier. When we were into the project and we decided that, amongst all of the folks, including the in-country leadership, that we should convert this from a cost plus contract to a fixed price contract, we actually stopped. That took about 7 months to do that conversion while we did that. So that added to that also. So between the three things I've mentioned, security, the ability to get access to the property, and then the conversion from a cost-plus contract to a fixed price contract, that--that equated to about 27 months.    Mr. Brown. Yes, we are. I will say that with respect to the concerns that were raised, we appreciate that we--we did provide information to CSTC-A to address the concerns. With respect to the seismic joints, we--we've gone back and that was part of our assessment to make sure that those were installed correctly, that those were designed correctly. Again, we use U.S. standards for that, so these are built to U.S. code so that we are assured that we are building something that is seismically sound, and they are. And so we are confident of that.    We are in large part, not only through our assessment because just in this last October there was a 7.5 earthquake in the general area. There was inspections done after the earthquake. That building held up very, very well. Only minor superficial damage was done to it. So we believe that the building is constructed properly and it has been turned over and is in use, as was mentioned earlier today.    Mr. Brown. It was complete last summer and turned over to the CSTC-A and has been ----    Mr. Brown. Approximately 5 years, yes. And we kind of went through ----    Mr. Brown. No, it is not.