    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Ranking Member. And I thank the witnesses for appearing as well. Let's for just a moment look at the markets in terms of how they impact affordability, more specifically, the residual market juxtaposed to the voluntary market.    For our purposes, I think it is fair to say that the residual market is a market of last resort. The voluntary market is a competitive market. And the way we structure the residual market is going to have a lot to do with affordability. So I would like, Mr. Ellis, to visit with you, because I have read your testimony in its entirety, and the last paragraph of it where you give your conclusion, I think, is quite revealing. You indicate that the Federal Government will develop the residual market. How will that market be developed such that we will still have competition in the voluntary market, and not have the taxpayers assume all of the high-risk persons that the voluntary competitive market does not find beneficial in the sense of profits and loss, market demands?    And I mention this to you because, as you know, with the health insurance we find ourselves with insurance companies assuming a lot of clients, if you will, who are not over age 62 to 65. When you get above that, insurance companies are not enthralled with the notion of having you as a client, customer. And given that I am above that age, I kind of look into these things, as you can well understand. I see you smiling, so you understand what I am talking about.    So what I am interested in is finding out how do we have a residual market that will have a positive impact on affordability given that the voluntary market is where everybody wants to be, and getting insurance companies to go residual can be exceedingly difficult?    Mr. Green. Given that I have about a minute and 18 seconds left, permit me to ask this. Help me to flesh it out. Help me to understand, and others who are listening at home to understand, what you would do specifically to make sure that the residual market is affordable for persons who are going to live along the Gulf Coast. I am from Texas. I went through Katrina, Rita, and those who are on the East Coast where we had Sandy, how do they have affordability? Give me some examples of how it can be done?    Mr. Green. And by mitigation, you mean cost to replace or repair?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.