    Ms. Rigger. Thank you very much for allowing me to be here. It's a pleasure to have this opportunity.    Taiwan's January elections were a watershed in the island's democratic development. For the first time, the Kuomintang lost control of both branches of the national government.    The DPP has won national elections only twice before when Chen Shui-bian was elected President in 2000 and 2004, and many in Washington remember the Chen presidency as a time of turbulence.    Chen began his presidency with efforts to reach out to Beijing and to the KMT but both the PRC and the KMT stonewalled and he eventually gave up on seeking their cooperation and began pursuing an agenda aimed more at pleasing his core supporters.    Nonetheless, the Chen presidency left many voters feeling disillusioned and that helped give the KMT's Ma Ying-jeou an easy win in 2008.    Under Ma, the Taiwan Strait has been relatively calm. Taiwan has signed almost two dozen economic agreements with the PRC while cross-Strait trade, investment and people to people flows have increased to unprecedented levels.    So now that the DPP is about to return to power, people are asking whether we are about to enter another era of tension in the Taiwan Strait.    While I understand why these questions are being asked, I do not believe we are about to enter an era of confrontation. Under Tsai's leadership, the DPP has adopted moderate positions that align with the preferences of Taiwan's people.    Throughout her campaign she made it clear that her goal is to preserve the status quo in the Taiwan Strait. She does not intend to move Taiwan toward independence but neither does she intend to rush headlong into Beijing's embrace, either politically or economically.    So, in short, the January elections affirmed Taiwan's democracy and confirmed the fundamental rationality of Taiwan's electorate.    Promoting democracy is a core interest and objective of U.S. foreign policy. During the Cold War, Taiwan's Government persuaded the U.S. to overlook its authoritarian nature but in the '70s and '80s U.S. officials, especially Members of Congress, joined with democracy activists in Taiwan to urge the KMT-led government to implement democratic reforms. Taiwan's democratization was achieved with almost no bloodshed or instability, making it an example to other nations.    Supporting Taiwan's democracy is an important element of U.S. policy, therefore, and it is critical that we not confuse Taiwan's people's active defense of their democracy with trouble making.    An overwhelming majority of Taiwanese recognize that pursuing formal independence is both unnecessary and risky but they have no interest in being absorbed into the People's Republic of China.    Their goal is to remain a self-governing democratic entity while working toward peaceful and cooperative relations with their neighbors on the Chinese mainland.    These goals, which are represented well now that Tsai has been elected the U.S. should redouble its efforts to keep channels of communication open.    U.S. policy precludes Washington from engaging in high-level official interactions with Taipei, although it seems that not everyone in this room thinks that's a good policy.    But the U.S. is free to choose a less restrictive interpretation of its policy. Overly rigid adherence to the one-China policy will not serve the U.S. well in a period of uncertainty and transition.    The task for the U.S. in the next few years will be to support Taiwan's continued democratic development. Washington should recognize and reward the DPP-led government's moderate positions and encourage all parties to seek opportunities for cooperation and avoid confrontation.    Given Taipei and Beijing's incompatible goals in some areas, a degree of tension is unavoidable. However, attentive management can prevent that tension from ripening into conflict.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Rigger. Sure. Yes, it is our policy and the--I think part of the reason it continues to be our policy is that it has--whatever its merits on the face of it actually served us very well for a long time.    So it might not be the policy that a political scientist would design but I don't recommend government by a political scientist. So I think in practice it has allowed the U.S. to calibrate its actions and positions toward both the PRC and Taiwan in ways that have successfully maintained the balance in the Strait.    Ms. Rigger. It's extremely difficult for us to know what is popular with the citizens of the People's Republic of China because it is not an open information environment.    What is more troubling even than that though is that there is a certain kind of Joe Six-pack in the mainland who is allowed to speak and is allowed to speak loudly and perpetually.    Ms. Rigger. It does. But it's hard for--it's impossible to understand what that really means in terms of China's long-term domestic political situation because----    Ms. Rigger. Can I explain though what my logic is? So the problem is that in China there are few things that you can say out loud and all of them are I hate Japan, we should be more aggressive in the South China Sea, Taiwan must be reunified with the mainland.    But we don't know whether people would be saying those things as loudly and energetically as they are if they could say other things.    Ms. Rigger. But because they can't say other things, these are the things they say.    Ms. Rigger. Within the next year, probably not. But those small things, especially added together, can have a really profound effect on the confidence of Taiwan people and their ability to go forward strongly and to advocate for their own interests. So they do matter.    Ms. Rigger. Yes, and if ten closed that would be half of Taiwan's diplomatic partners in the world.    Ms. Rigger. And that would deeply shake people's confidence, absolutely.    Ms. Rigger. I think the biggest issues were domestic issues for Taiwan. Economic issues--the sense that Taiwan's economy can produce aggregate growth at a slow but reasonable rate but that it can't produce jobs or the kinds of jobs that Taiwanese people are preparing themselves to do as they emerge from school and it can't produce the kind of egalitarian distribution of income and wealth that Taiwanese have come to expect as the fruit of development.    Ms. Rigger. Well, I think that the problems that Taiwan faces are not Taiwan's alone.    Ms. Rigger. This is the great task facing Taiwan to figure out the answer to this question. The DPP has published lots of white papers and statements about what they plan to do. But most of those are pretty vague and piecemeal.    The best thing that Taiwan could do, I think, is to improve its accessibility to international trade and investment. Taiwan still has a lot of parts of its market and economy that are not very open and I think that's really what we are talking about when we talk about getting ready for TPP.    The international business community has been asking a long time for Taiwan to open its economy more and I think perhaps Taiwan can make some progress there.    Ms. Rigger. You can say anything you want to about those issues and not get in trouble. So if you want to speak out on those topics, it's fine.