    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We appreciate all of you being here for the third panel of this 2-day hearing, ``Ensuring Agency Compliance with the Freedom of Information Act.''    The President has, ``committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in government.'' Those were his words. That is not the case when it comes to filling FOIA requests. The backlog of FOIA claims has more than doubled since the President has taken office.    In March 2014, the Associated Press reported the Obama administration more often than any other administration had censored government files or outright denied access. Last year, the administration used exemptions to withhold information more than 550,000 times. Agencies must consult with the White House on, ``all document requests that may involve documents with White House equities.'' Just in the last year, the government fully denied access or censored records in at least 250,000 cases, or roughly 39 percent of all requests. This is the highest number of denials in the history of FOIA.    Yesterday, we heard from individuals who waited years to get public records they requested. These requests came from media--national, reputable media organizations, as well as individuals. The witnesses yesterday told us the FOIA system is broken and probably broken by design.    In preparing for this hearing, the committee received numerous examples of delays, unreasonable redactions, and abusive fees, all of which hindered transparency.    For instance, the EPA strategically avoided disclosure under FOIA when discussing the development of the Pebble Mine in Bristol Bay, Alaska. Documents obtained by the committee show that the EPA employees contemplated and advocated for a preemptive veto of the project well before the petition was submitted to the EPA.    The IRS contacted one requester, Colin Hanna, on four separate occasions to explain it needed more time to respond to his FOIA request, but after 2 years they closed his request, asserting Mr. Hanna failed to reasonably describe his requested documents.    GSA identified 70,000 records as responsive to a FOIA request on its Green Buildings Initiative and then used the number of records as a reason to close a request from the Taxpayer Protection Alliance.    A requester waited 10 months before the DEA told him that his request for 13,000 documents related to the capture of Mexican drug lord El Chapo would cost $1.4 million.    One 26-year-old freelance journalist wrote the committee about his first experience with FOIA, saying, ``I often describe the handling of my FOIA request as the single most disillusioning experience of my life.''    The responses are enlightening and continue to come in. They seem to be numerous, bipartisan, across the board, consistent, and just absolutely frustrating.    We also saw unreasonable and inappropriate redactions, including many from the FCC. Unredacted documents produced by the committee show the FCC blacked out the Chairman's initials on every email he sent or received--blacked them out. In doing so, the FCC claimed a personal privacy exemption that isn't permissible for use even with lower-level staff.    The FCC also claimed that staff commentary like ``wow'' and ``interesting'' were deliberative and redacted them under a (b)(5) exemption. The time and expense that it takes to go through and do such silly, silly things is so frustrating and ridiculous. It gets very frustrating to hear anybody claim that, oh, well, we spend this exorbitant amount of money, when you are going through and blacking out ``wow'' and ``interesting'' and the name--yesterday--one of my favorites, personal favorites, is blacking out the name of the Department of Defense person who sang the national anthem, as if that is some state secret.    In one instance, simply quoting an attached press release qualified for a redaction, while the press release itself was released in full. It is amazing how many instances we have of publicly available information that is on the Department's Web site, comes back via a FOIA as redacted information. And a press release--press release--that it was publicly released is something that you have to hold back from the public? It makes no sense.    How can we trust the government's redactions when we have examples of such unnecessary and, in many cases, inappropriate redactions?    Despite significant corruption within the agency in recent years, the IRS is still obstructing taxpayers' efforts. Just getting the witness here today required a subpoena. The other four agencies we asked to invite their senior FOIA officers, they all agreed, they all showed up. Not the IRS. Nope, not the IRS. We can't have that. There is only 1 person at the IRS out of 90,000 that can testify, Mr. Koskinen. How wrong he is.    Ms. Howard, we appreciate you being here, but I should not have to issue a subpoena to get your presence here. We are talking about openness, transparency. We want to hear from you. You have dealt with this for years. But yet we had to issue a subpoena in order to get it.    And when we sent a letter to all five of the departments and agencies asking for some basic information, a one-page request, anywhere between two and eight different examples that we wanted information, Department of Justice, at least they sent us a letter, at least they gave us something. It was terribly incomplete. The IRS, no letter. Nothing.    We send a request to you, I send a subpoena to you, and you give us nothing? These other four did. I am telling you, we will drag the IRS up here every single week if we have to. You are going to respond to the United States Congress. You are going to respond to the American people. You work for the American people. You are not going to just drag us around. Because you know what? If it was the other way around, if the IRS went after an individual, you wouldn't put up with it. There is no way you would put up with this.    We expect you to respond to requests from the United States Congress. We have a right to see it. We have a constitutional duty to perform our oversight responsibilities. And for you to not respond to this committee in a timely fashion by giving us an electronic copy, which is what you were supposed to do, which the other four figured out, is not appropriate. We don't have that material, and we wanted it before the hearing. And I had to get a subpoena to drag you here, and it is wrong.    I have heard personally from multiple FOIA requesters that they wait and they wait and they wait, and, when they finally get a response, the request is either flatly denied or the pages are blacked out. We saw examples of that yesterday. So why is this necessary? And there are some cases where you do have to redact material. I understand that. I understand that. I appreciate that. But the lack of consistency is just stunning. The time that it takes is just unbelievable.    Department of Justice, as the FOIA litigator and the provider of agency-wide guidance, ought to be the model agency, but we know that it is not. The Department of Justice denied approximately 40 percent of its FOIA requests in the fiscal year 2014. Three percent of FOIA requests were denied on the basis of exemptions. Thirty-seven percent of requests were denied for other reasons. Five percent of all requests were denied on the basis of claiming documents were, ``not reasonably described.''    DHS is drowning in FOIA requests and needs to ensure the right resources are put towards properly clearing these backlogged cases. Department of Homeland Security receives about one-third of all FOIA requests and is responsible for about two-thirds of the Federal backlog. So it was particularly disappointing to see the DHS FOIA program in the GAO's 2015 duplication report. Even the GAO has come in and said this is a terribly mismanaged, ill-executed system, so much so that there's highlights in the GAO's 2015 duplication report.    My disappointment grew yesterday when Lisette Garcia from the FOIA Research Center revealed to us the DHS has hired contractors for the primary purpose of closing, rather than completing, cases. We would like to explore that.    Individuals requesting records from Homeland Security might hear from contractors multiple times inquiring about whether or not they are still interested in their requests. That always cracks me up, right? A citizen, person from the media, goes out of their way to put in a FOIA request; so much time goes by that the government comes back to them and says, are you still interested? That takes time and resources.    And the State Department is as bad, if not worse, than DHS on FOIA compliance. The agency has open cases dating back for decades--decades. Last year, the State Department failed to fully respond to more than 65 percent of its requests. The Center for Effective Government graded 15 of the top FOIA agencies and gave the State Department an F on FOIA processing.    The agencies before the committee today need to bring sunshine to their FOIA programs. Agency leadership has failed to make FOIA a priority, and that makes the job of the witnesses before the committee much more difficult, if not impossible.    We know you have a tremendous amount of requests coming your direction. There are a lot of good people who work in your departments and agencies, and we thank them for their services. Not everything is bad. But it is our role and responsibility to understand how it really works, what you are up against, what you are dealing with in a very candid way so that we can help make it better and that we can understand it. And there undoubtedly have to be changes. My guess is you want to see some changes. We want to see some changes. So we want to ferret that out.    We have heard from the people that are very critical, but you are the people who are right there on the front lines, and you represent hundreds and literally thousands of people who are trying to do their job and deal with the tensions that come from political persuasions that have been on both the Democrat and Republican side of the aisle. You have career professionals who have been there through lots of different organizations. We want to hear candidly from you what is working, what is not working. But give us candid information so we can help better understand it. That is all we ask today.    We thank you again for your presence.    And, at this time, I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will now recognize our first panel of witnesses. Let me introduce them.    Ms. Joyce Barr is the Chief FOIA Officer with the Department of State and has been involved in the FOIA process for the last 4 years. Ms. Barr was confirmed as the Assistant Secretary for Administration in December of 2011. As Assistant Secretary, she is responsible for the day-to-day administration of a variety of functions, ranging from logistics, records management, privacy programs, the Working Capital Fund, as well as Presidential travel.    We appreciate you being here.    Ms. Melanie Anne Pustay--did I say that properly?--is the Director of the Office of Information Policy at the Department of Justice since 2007 and has worked with FOIA for at least the last 12 years. The Office of Information Policy, sometimes referred to as OIP, is responsible for developing guidance for executive branch agencies on the Freedom of Information Act. OIP is charged with ensuring the President's FOIA memorandum and the Attorney General's FOIA guidance are fully implemented across the government. Before becoming Director, she served 8 years as the Deputy Director for OIP, where she was responsible for the Department's responses to access requests made to the Department's senior leadership offices.    Ms. Karen Neuman serves as the chief privacy officer and Chief FOIA Officer within the Department of Homeland Security. In her role as chief privacy officer, Ms. Neuman is responsible for evaluating department-wide programs, systems, technologies, and rulemaking for potential privacy impacts. She has extensive expertise in privacy law that helped inform privacy policy development both within the Department and in collaboration with the rest of Federal Government. She centralizes both FOIA and Privacy Act operations to provide policy and programmatic oversight and support implementation across the Department.    Mr. Brodi Fontenot serves as the Chief FOIA Officer and Assistant Secretary for Management in the Department of Treasury. He has served as the Chief FOIA Officer since January--for the last--which year did you become that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Just this year. I wanted to make sure I had that right. January of this year.    Mr. Fontenot serves as the Secretary of Treasury on the development and execution of treasury's budget and strategic plans and the internal management of the Department and its bureaus. In January 2014, President Obama nominated him as the Treasury's Chief Financial Officer.    Ms. Mary Howard is the Director of the IRS' Privacy, Governmental Liaison, and Disclosure Division in the United States Department of Treasury. She has served in this role since January of 2014. In this role, she is responsible for managing a multifaceted privacy program and ensuring compliance with the Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Act, and the Internal Revenue Code known as 6103. Ms. Howard represents the IRS' interests in identity theft, information protection, disclosure, and data-sharing. Ms. Howard began her career at the IRS in 1988 as a revenue agent and has served in various roles throughout the agency and throughout her career.    We appreciate you all being here.    If you would please rise and raise your right hands, pursuant to committee rules, the witnesses are to be sworn before they testify.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    As you take your seat, we would ask that you limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your full written statement will be made part of the record.    And, with that, we will now start with Ms. Barr, and you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Ms. Pustay, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    If you can make sure that microphone is kind of pulled straight and tight to your--up there. If you straighten it out and turn it on, that would be great.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Neuman, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Fontenot.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Howard, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Howard, the White House on April 15, 2009, sent a directive out from Gregory Craig, Counsel to the President. It says: ``This is a reminder that executive agencies shall consult the White House Counsel's Office on all document requests that may involve documents with White House equities.'' He goes on and says: ``This need to consult with the White House arises with respect to all types of document requests, including congressional committee requests, GAO requests, judicial subpoenas, and FOIA requests.''    So my question to you, Ms. Howard, when Congress sends you a request for information, what percentage of that do you share with the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you've never sent anything to the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if you get a subpoena form the United States Congress, you get a subpoena from me, in the Oversight Committee, you don't share that with the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. What percentage of those do you share with the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. Within the IRS, you do not share those, to the best of your knowledge, you don't share----    Chairman Chaffetz. The White House told you you're supposed to do it. The White House directed you to do that. You're telling us that you didn't comply with the White House request?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you respond to a letter from Congress or there's a response to a subpoena from Congress, who sees that before we get it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So Lois Lerner, Lois Lerner, requests for documents for Lois Lerner----    Chairman Chaffetz. --who saw those documents? Who did you have to get clearance from before we get those documents? Because we still don't have them all.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking what signatures do you need to see on there before you send it back to us?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you're the Director of this, and you've heard of Lois Lerner, I would hope, by now.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah. So who do you have to check off with before we get those documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. If you had to guess that maybe we would ask about Lois Lerner.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you're the director. It's your job and role and responsibility.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your title, correct, Director, Privacy, Governmental Liaison, and Disclosure.    Chairman Chaffetz. That's your title.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you're telling me you're not responsible for the governmental liaison and disclosure part of that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why? Because it's Lois Lerner?    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait. What was unprecedented about asking for information about Lois Lerner? What's unprecedented about that?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what makes you think it's the tip of the iceberg?    Chairman Chaffetz. What was so striking about it? It's pretty simply. I mean, in this electronic age, we're asking for all of her emails in a certain timeframe. How hard is that? I mean, that should take about 10 seconds, right? What's so hard about producing those documents? Why has it taken so long? It's taken years.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So when the request came, both in a letter and then in a subpoena, who does that go to?    Chairman Chaffetz. It doesn't go to you?    Chairman Chaffetz. But when we send these documents over, this doesn't land on your desk?    Chairman Chaffetz. Does it land on any of your staff's desks?    Chairman Chaffetz. So they are solely responsible for the fulfillment of that request and for the subpoenas, correct? I mean, if it doesn't go to you, you're the Director of Privacy, Governmental Liaison, and Disclosure, and you're telling me that your department, your group doesn't get that because it came from Congress, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who decided that? I want some names here. Mr. Koskinen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. We expect a little bit more.    Chairman Chaffetz. So it doesn't come through your office, your department, your group, whatever you want to call it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Was the Lois Lerner case dealt with differently than anything else? You said it was unprecedented. I want to know why.    Chairman Chaffetz. So anything that had to deal with those documents, the (c)(4) documents----    Chairman Chaffetz. --went a different direction than normally?    Chairman Chaffetz. So there is a special project team that's set up?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why was there a special team set up?    Chairman Chaffetz. It didn't have anything to do with volume. It had to do with the topic, didn't it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, I mean, what you're telling me is, anything that came in on this topic, (c)(4), not just Lois Lerner, but (c)(4), went in a different route. It went to the Commissioner and it went to the General Counsel. There's only two political appointees in all of the IRS, the Commissioner and the General Counsel. Those are the only two out of 90,000. And you're telling me that those requests went a different route than normally anything else does, and it went to them, correct? That's exactly what you told me.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you know who the lead of that special project team was?    Chairman Chaffetz. My time has expired. We'll now recognize Mr. Cummings?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Cummings for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We'll recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    And we would be interested if you'd send that to the committee and help articulate that for us. That it would be most helpful. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Duckworth, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlelady.    And we'll now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before you yield back, if you will yield me a moment.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let's get to the question first, and then we'll see, yeah.    Ms. Pustay, you said across government that resources are done, if I heard you correct.    Mr. Fontenot, can you please clarify, from your perspective, what's happening? You wrote in your testimony something different than that.    Chairman Chaffetz. So to say that personnel resources across the board government-wide, Ms. Pustay, are down is not accurate. In fact, Mr. Fontenot wrote in his testimony: ``Beginning in 2013, my team doubled the number of full-time employees dedicated to FOIA.'' That's not a decrease. It's an increase quite dramatic, actually.    We appreciate the dedication and commitment that you've made, Mr. Fontenot.    Chairman Chaffetz. I understand the requests, but you were talking about personnel to deal with those. And some agencies have evidently prioritized it more than others because they doubled the number of personnel at the Department of Treasury.    Chairman Chaffetz. You said they all decreased, and Mr. Fontenot said he doubled it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. And further yielding, part of my point is some think it's in their best interest to just slow this think down, just ride it out, and others have given it more priority. But anyway, we'll continue the discussion.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Duncan for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I am going to now recognize myself. I have a series of questions I need to do before we wrap up, and members may have some other questions.    Ms. Howard, I want to give you an opportunity to talk about the IT challenges that the IRS has and what you are dealing with. What sort of software are you dealing with, and how bad is it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you do key word searches?    Chairman Chaffetz. You can't do a massive look into----    Chairman Chaffetz. What software do you use?    Chairman Chaffetz. You don't know what software you use on your computer?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. So you use Outlook.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can't type a word into Outlook and search your database?    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll have to dive deeper into this. And I'd like actually if each of you, each of the five of you can help us understand how bad or how good you think the IT situation is.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Neuman, you mentioned the budget detail worksheet that would be released in June of this year, which will be any time. Do you have that yet, and if so, can you provide it to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. Sorry, you've got to be a little closer to the mic there. Go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. When it is complete, and you didn't represent that it was complete, but when it is complete, can you please share that with this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. One of the questions we have is about the charges that are given to the public and the expenses that they have.    Let me start with you. Let me go back to Ms. Howard here. Oftentimes people are frustrated because the law says you need to respond within 20 days. You can give another 10-day extension. But then oftentimes it's months before they hear again. How do you pick those dates?    Chairman Chaffetz. So when you do the search, do you send a request out to anybody you think might have it and you count on them to individually do it? You're not able to----    Chairman Chaffetz. There is not a FOIA officer that can get in there and do a search term, pull up every relevant email or document?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, there is, there is. This is a fallacy. It's wrong to say there is no library. It's called email. And the reason we moved away from carbon copies and big warehouses with stacks and volumes of file folders is because electronically you can push a button, do a search, and generate that. This is the year 2015 here. We are not in the stone ages trying to knock something out and copy it on a stone. So don't tell me there is not a database. It's called email, and it's called Microsoft. They're a big company.    Chairman Chaffetz. And it's magic. You get a 28-year-old IT person in there and they can find that in a couple hours. And that's why we don't believe you. This is why we don't believe. Don't say there's not a database. It's called email. Right?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I just fundamentally and totally do not understand that.    And I don't understand how you all pick dates. Can you please try to explain--we don't have time, because, I mean, it would take you 10 minutes each to try to explain this.    The frustration for so many people is they don't get exposure, they don't know when. And sometimes they last months and years. Sometimes it's very legitimate. They need some exposure to that, but there seems to be this great deal of mystery as to why you say, well, it'll be July, and then July comes, the next thing you know it's October. It just seems like a slow walk. So can you help explain to us why and how you pick the dates?    I also would appreciate from Homeland Security if they could help us understand the new rulemaking that they're involved with, with FOIA. The FOIA law is the law, so why do you have to develop new rulemaking, and what in the world is that going to look like?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will be watching that, because if Homeland Security thinks that they are going to come up with a whole nother new set of rules that's different, this is again one of the frustrations. FOIA is what FOIA is, but every time you go to a different department and agency they got a whole set of standards. They got different rules. They don't have standards where you just plug and play and operate equally, and that's a frustration.    Chairman Chaffetz. We are fascinated to see it.    The other thing I am terribly frustrated at is we talked about the scorecard. And I believe this is put out by the Department of Justice, right, you come in and do this evaluation. And there is a color-coded scheme here, and it is different categories of presumption of openness, effective system in place for responding, proactive disclosure, improved timeliness, and backlog reduction.    Chairman Chaffetz. And if you sat and listened to the sum testimony of today and compare it to yesterday, I mean, we had as wide array of people as you can possibly have, from individuals, to the New York Times, to the ACLU, to a former CBS News reporter, to Vice. I mean, we got as wide of a swath of people as we possibly could, and there wasn't anybody that believed that in general things were going well. And yet when you do your own scorecard, for instance at the Department of Justice, you're solid green. You gave yourself 5 out of 5 on presumption of openness, 5 out of 5 in an effective system in place for responding.    Proactive disclosure, are you kidding me? The Department of Justice gives themselves a 5 out of 5 on proactive disclosure? Do you think anybody in the world believes the Department of Justice is the most, they are at the top of their game, they got an A-plus, 5 for 5, do you really believe that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Man, you live in la la land. That's the problem.    Chairman Chaffetz. You live in fantasy land, because it ain't working.    You're a very nice person, and I'm sure most of the people are very nice people. It ain't working. Five hundred and fifty thousand times Americans put forward a request and got a rejection saying doesn't qualify. Do you think that's working? Is that a presumption of openness? Do you think that's proactive disclosure? I beg to differ. I think it is absolutely fundamentally wrong. We are at the heart of why I think there is a problem, because you all think you're doing a great job.    Chairman Chaffetz. And your evaluation says you have no room for improvement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why do you give yourself 5 out of 5?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, I am. I will go through each and every one of them. I just read the different disclosures, and here it is in green, all green.    Chairman Chaffetz. Presumption of openness    Chairman Chaffetz. Effective system in place for responding.    Chairman Chaffetz. Really, you have got an effective system for--we can argue about this. I beg to differ. We had 11, 12 people yesterday that absolutely differ. On a bipartisan way, I don't think there is anybody that would agree with you. Across the board most every one of you got great scores, and I just don't buy that.    I want to ask specifically about the Department of Justice. Are you able to conduct an electronic search or do you rely on the individual agency employees to proactively give you the information?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you searched the universal index, is that right?    Chairman Chaffetz. The UNI?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you search the electronic case files?    Chairman Chaffetz. So my understanding is that the FBI does conduct searches on the universal index, but that that system does not allow for text-based searches. But the FBI does not search the electronic case files which contain uploaded versions of the Bureau's nonrestricted investigative records, and the ECF, as it's called, the electronic case file, is text-searchable. And that's the disconnect. I don't expect you on this spot to respond to that, but I do want you to get back to us on this specific point, if you would.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. I have a few more questions. I want you to kind of each go down the line here. We went through with Ms. Howard here, but let's go back to Ms. Barr. This is my last set of questions before I change my mind and ask another one.    I want to know what is the instruction that you believe you have been given to interact with the White House? What percentage of the documents do you give to the White House or somebody who represents the White House? What is the expectation that you share information with them? Do you need their approval before you send it back out? How does that work?    Because this directive is really concise, clear, short, three paragraphs. I mean, they essentially want you to give them everything. And so my question is, what do you have to do in order to fulfill the demand from the White House that you give them everything before you give it to us or to the media or to the judicial branch?    Chairman Chaffetz. How do you determine if it's a White House equity? I mean, what is not an equity?    Chairman Chaffetz. And who at the White House do you send them to?    Chairman Chaffetz. If you could let us know, we'd appreciate it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Pustay?    Chairman Chaffetz. I think it's a big source of why it's so slowed down. So what percentage of the information do you have to share with the White House before you share it with us?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    Ms. Neuman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Happens what?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why? I mean, the memo says it should happen on everything.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, no, it doesn't. I'm not talking about White House. I'm saying if you have information in your possession at Homeland and it comes from a Member of Congress, the judicial branch, it was a FOIA request, a GAO request, that it should be shared with the White House. You are telling me you don't do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, what about the White House- issued guidelines, because I am reading to you the guidelines. We handed you a copy of them. This is the guidelines. You don't abide by it, or you do abide by it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And they communicate with who at the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. We're not getting much. We'll try Mr. Fontenot.    Chairman Chaffetz. You were on a roll. I was believing everything you said until you said that last sentence. You're nuts if you think you're treating the White House exactly the same you treat the Bureau of Indian Affairs. There's no way that's happening.    So with all due respect, we're trying to get our hands and a grip on it. We would like some feedback on this.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think the directive from the White House is crystal clear, and we will continue to pursue that.    I am well over time. I will now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, the ranking member.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I thank you all to be here. I just want to make a comment on the IT part of the equation.    One of the frustrations is, if you look at the amount of money that we pour into IT at the IRS, it's roughly $2 billion per year, $2 billion. Now, you have 90,000 employees, right? It's unfair to just divide that number and calculate out some $20,000-plus per person. But it's an extraordinary amount of money. And my guess is, if we went to almost any corporation, private sector, and said, ``Year over year we're going to keep giving you billions of dollars for your IT,'' and then to have such a dilapidated system, I mean, we just don't understand that.    It's not as if we're not pouring resources into IT budgets. You have billions of dollars at your disposal. And every time I turn around I hear across agencies how bad it works. And I'm doing this off the top of my head, but it's something like $75-plus billion a year--billion--is spent on IT in the United States with our government, and it doesn't work. And then we get data breaches. I mean, we didn't even get into the data breaches that are happening at the IRS.    So we have got to get a grip on what is important, what is working, what is not working. And if you think that there is a database out there that can't be searched because Microsoft wasn't smart enough to think about that, we've got big, big problems.    So I want to make sure that you and your staff know how much we do appreciate. It's a huge volume. It is supply and demand, and the demand has been greatly increasing, and that puts a lot of pressure on a lot of people. And I'm a huge believer that the overwhelming majority of our Federal workers, they work hard, they work smart, they are trying to do the right thing. We're trying to do the right thing too.    So while these hearings are sometimes tough and pointed and direct, that's what they're supposed to do. That's our Constitution in motion. We are supposed to be self-critical. That's what we do. That's how we get better. And we can't just put a smiley face on everything and say, oh, it's all good.    We want to help solve those problems. We're not only the Oversight Committee, but we're also supposed to be Government Reform, and there will be a FOIA reform bill. We passed one out of the committee. I want to take another breath and do several panels and get your perspective, the media, the outside groups, so that we get that thing just right. You don't get but once every couple decades the chance to reformulate something.    So we're going to look back at that bill. We're going to see if we can't tighten up a couple other things, maybe lessen the number of exemptions, I think is something that we have got to be able to look at, and then probably speed up some of the other parts of the process so that it makes your job smoother and easier.    And you got all these charts and graphs and, hey, what can we release or not. Let's do what President Obama said. Let's err on the side of release it. Release it. And I don't think your folks in your departments and your agencies have the freedom to do that. I think they are slowed down in what the New York Times called, their representative, this culture that says--and it has happened over a long period of time, not just one administration--a culture that doesn't want to make a mistake and consequently doesn't want to release it, and consequently we aren't getting the American people what they paid for.    We all work for them. You all work for them. And we've got to be more responsive. They're telling us it's not working. And so we've got to change something, we can't just keep doing the same thing.    So I think it has been a productive 2 days of hearings. Still lots more to learn. We look forward to the interaction with you. I thank you for your time and your patriotism and your dedication to the country and your government, and we thank you. And this committee stands adjourned.