    Mr. Marino. I have a request that, since I am running among three hearings today, would the Chairman skip me for a moment?    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, panel. I am sorry that I wasn't here a great deal. But as I said, I have several hearings going on at the same time.    Professor Legomsky, am I pronouncing your name correctly?    Mr. Marino. As a prosecutor, I had the authority at the State and Federal level to use prosecutorial discretion, but only on a case-by-case basis, on an individual basis, not for a class. I couldn't simply say, if I wanted to, that those individuals driving under the influence, even though they are above the .08, those that are below .1, I am not going to prosecute. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Marino. Okay. The President's deferred action, as far as I see it from a legal perspective, is simply saying that I am not going to prosecute now, but I may down the road and I may not. So wouldn't you agree with me that those who are here that the President wants to defer deportation are violating the law?    Mr. Marino. Sir, with all due respect, I am not hearing that from the officers. When I am hearing from the officers is a direct order: Do not detain these individuals. Let them go.    And again, I am going to go back to the issue. On an individual basis, I say yes, there is discretion. But the people that are here are here illegally or else the President would not have to issue an order saying we are going to defer this. So that is a class of people, that is millions of people. You are an expert in these areas. From a prosecutor's point of view, and even from some defense attorneys' point of view that I have spoken with, it goes beyond what was intended concerning prosecutorial discretion.    Another issue that I want to bring up with you concerning the way that we operate here. Now I am sure that you know, but the media has not been pursuing it, that the House of Representatives has passed a Homeland Security bill giving the President $1.6 billion more than he asked for, $400 million more this year than last year.    So the only issue I hear from the Administration is that we want to shut down Homeland Security. I would beg to differ with you, and I think common sense dictates that if you are giving more money than the President asked for that would fund Homeland Security, it isn't the fact of shutting the Government down. It is the fact that the President has made it clear that he wants the deferred action and Congress has said no, we are not allowing you funds to do that. What say you?    Mr. Marino. I can clear that up. It hasn't been one of them. It has been many. And it has been multistate. And I have a little concern about the information I am getting from the Administration concerning what I am getting from the frontline people.    Attorney General, do you want to weigh in on this prosecutorial discretion?    Mr. Marino. I see that my time has expired. I yield back. Thank you, Chairman, for fitting me in here.