    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Good morning, and thank you for being here. This is an important topic that affects every American, and it is a vital part of our commerce in the United States of America. We are here to discuss the future of the United States Postal Service and to address options for ensuring its long-term viability.    Each year, more than 40 percent of the world mail volume is carried through the United States Postal Service. The Postal Service employs more than 400,000 full-time workers spread throughout the country. It is also the backbone of more than a trillion-dollar mailing industry that employs more than 7.5 million people.    However, due to the ongoing changes in the way Americans use the mail, the Postal Service faces an unprecedented financial crisis. Since 2006, mail volume has declined more than 25 percent or about 60 billion pieces of mail annually. As a result, the Postal Service has lost money for 9 straight years. With nearly a decade of running behind, the Postal Service faces mounting long-term financial challenges. The agency has $125 billion in unfunded liabilities, including $54 billion for retiree health care, and has exhausted its $15 billion statutory debt limit.    Further, the Postal Service lacks the funds it needs for critical infrastructure investments. Chief among those is the purchase of a delivery fleet projected to cost roughly $6 billion. Think about all those millions and millions of postal boxes that need somebody to come actually deliver the mail to them. It is a miraculous thing, I think, in this country that for less than 50 cents you can put a stamp on an envelope and a day or 2 or 3 days later, that is going to show up at another address within the country. It really is truly amazing. But if you are going to purchase new delivery vehicles and prepare for the next decade or two, you are going to need some money, and it is something that the Postal Service does not have.    In the meantime, they must manage a delivery fleet of vehicles, which on average is 24 years old and costs $1 billion a year in maintenance. That is just the maintenance cost. While the Postal Service has made efforts to cut cost and streamline its operations, it is not enough.    I think it is important to note that many of the unions have been very helpful in actually working with the Postal Service and making cuts, but they don't want to keep continuing to cut the number of personnel, and neither do I. We want to see a growing, vibrant, thriving Postal Service.    So today, we are going to hear from representatives of five key stakeholders within the postal community, including the postmaster general, the Postal Regulatory Commission, the Government Accountability Office, private industry, and one of the more important postal unions. There are a number of postal unions. I wish we could have them all up at the same time, but we have one here with us today.    The witnesses will discuss reforms as needed, as well as how certain reform proposals would work. One of the things that is most critical in dealing with this has to do with Medicare, and I look forward to hearing from the Postmaster General Brennan and the NALC union President Rolando about a joint proposal to require the Postal Service retirees to fully enroll in Medicare in order to receive Federal health care benefits in their retirement.    Since 1983, postal workers have paid some $29 billion, $29 billion they have paid into Medicare. Currently, postal retirees have a choice in enrolling in Medicare. As Federal retirees, they can continue their sole enrollment in Federal employee health care plans, or they can enroll in both a Federal plan and Medicare. While three-quarters of retirees already enroll in both Medicare and the Federal plan, the Postal Service and its retirees could see significant savings if all retirees were duly enrolled.    I look forward to hearing more about this proposal. It is one of the most key elements, biggest elements in our drafting and coming forward with a reform package that has a vibrant and sustainable Postal Service. Let me just say I think it is important to note the approach that we are taking here.    Are there costs to be cut? Yes. Are there things that we can do to become more effective, more efficient? Yes. But I also do believe that the Postal Service is a vital tool of commerce, and a thriving, vibrant, productive Postal Service is essential to our economy. We cannot ignore this.    Think about the world of the internet. Think about the way commerce is moving. Think of the way we communicate. Think of how we send bills and communicate as nation. You have to have a vibrant, thriving Postal Service in order to achieve all of that. That is why I think so many people are here today, and it is one of the most important things that our committee will be addressing and taking care of. That is the goal, and that is what we are trying to achieve.    And thank you all for being here. We should have a good hearing today.    Chairman Chaffetz. With that, I will now recognize the ranking member, my good friend Mr. Cummings of Maryland.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I think it is important to note the good work that Mr. Meadows of North Carolina, Mr. Lynch, and Mr. Connelly have put into this, and I concur with my colleague Mr. Cummings that if we are going to do this and actually pass it all the way to the President's desk, it does need to be a bipartisan bill. And that is the goal and that is the intention.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    But we would like to recognize our witnesses here today. We are honored to have the postmaster general of the United States Postal Service, Ms. Megan Brennan. We have the Honorable Robert Taub, acting chairman of the United States Postal Regulatory Commission. We have Ms. Lori Rectanus, who is the director of physical infrastructure issues at the United States Government Accountability Office; Ms. Jessica Lowrance, executive vice president of the Association for Postal Commerce; and Mr. Fredric Rolando, president of the National Association of Letter Carriers.    We welcome you all, and thank you for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hands.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would limit your oral comments to no more than 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    We thank you for your participation. We will now recognize the postmaster general for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Taub, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Taub.    I would now recognize Ms. Rectanus of the GAO. Did I pronounce your name properly?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    Ms. Rectanus.--you did. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Lowrance, I will now recognize you for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Rolando, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Thank you all. We will now start by recognizing the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize Mr. Cummings for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch. Microphone? Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman, and I appreciate Mr. Lynch's work and passion on this issue and look forward to continuing to work with him on it.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman,    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Boyle, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the ----    Mr. Lynch.--it was reported by CNN. I would like to enter this as part of the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. His time is expired.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wow, thank you, impressive. Let that be a lesson to all of us that are still sitting here.    We will give 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I thank the gentlewoman and I appreciate it.    I have some comments and questions, and then Mr. Lynch, and then we will wrap up.    Mr. Taub, give me your perspective on the PRC. We are looking at a reform package. How would you reform or adjust what the PRC does or doesn't do? What reforms are you looking for?    Chairman Chaffetz. Pardon me, but when do you anticipate that will be complete?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you have it by the end of May?    Chairman Chaffetz. Any preliminary suggestions?    Chairman Chaffetz. As the chairman of this committee, let me give you an outline of where we are headed with this. We do anticipate introducing a discussion draft of a bill soon. I anticipate that that will be available for perhaps 2 weeks unless there is some major hiccup, and then the intention is to introduce a bill, mark it up.    We are actively trying to address the prefunding issue. We are obviously, as we have heard from across the whole spectrum of the board, trying to deal with the Medicare portion of that. It is amazing that, you know, $29 billion has been paid in since 1983, and that has to be adjusted.    If there are structural adjustments or suggestions or ideas that any of you have, we need to have those now. We have been meeting and hearing and listening and now we are having a formal hearing, but we need those as soon as possible.    From the GAO's perspective, I want to go to the Board of Governors. And it is a little unfair to put any of you on the spot but the GAO, you know, we can put you on the spot. How many Board of Governors are there?    Chairman Chaffetz. Out of?    Chairman Chaffetz. That is the right answer. There is one out of nine. Quite frankly, I can't figure out what in the world the Board of Governors does. It is almost never fully staffed. One of the things that we are looking at doing is fusing the Board of Governors and the PRC into one entity. If somebody has a problem or a challenge with that or has a different suggestion than that, let us know, but to have two separate groups, one of which is never fully staffed and literally has one person, they don't have a quorum, they can't operate. And yet nobody seems to mind. I don't get any complaints.    So that is one thing that I am looking at that I am just saying to the world if you have a suggestion on that, let us ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes?    Chairman Chaffetz. I still see a role of Congress, I still see the role of the postmaster, and I still see the role of the PRC, but this extra layer does not make a lot of sense to me. Postmaster General, do you have a comment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Ms. Brennan.--Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your offer for insight on this, and we'll be happy to share it. I think Chairman Taub outlined it well in terms of the differentiation of responsibility.    My only caution is that it would be problematic for the regulator to become the operator, so that would just be the caution. But we're happy to provide some additional insight.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you want to triangulate the issue, but at the same time, it is problematic when there is not a functional group, and there hasn't been for a while, and there doesn't seem to be any desire to get one. And so I am just looking at structurally changing that. But duly noted. You don't want your regulator to also be your operator, and there does need to be an arm's length distance. But there is also a role of Congress, and we have to serve in some of those functions as well.    Mr. Rolando, kind of walk us through--I don't know what time frame--but the unions have--I mean, the enrollment is way down because in large part the reductions in staff. If somebody is watching this for the first time, give them a perspective of how the unions have stepped up and have helped to address this problem. And there have been quite a number of staff reductions along the way.    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Mr. Rolando.--without any benefits, much lower pay, and have to wait for a career position to become available for them to be eligible for that.    As far as--and then the collective bargaining itself, it's a process that's worked well for a long time in terms of negotiating agreements, whether by settlement or through interest arbitration.    And as I mentioned before, there's other arenas that we deal with with the Postal Service, for example, in the legislative arena. That's an extremely, I think, important thing that we do, along with the mailing industry, to be able to get a consensus together to move something through Congress that's going to preserve the Postal Service in the future.    So we have--and again, I talked briefly before about being involved in the growth of the business and service and the networks and the value working together to do that, you know, to the point of bringing in business to the Postal Service. And again, the fourth arena is just the whole culture of the Postal Service.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Ms. Lowrance, let's talk about what you would like to see first and foremost out of Congress. And we have your testimony and you have answered some questions, but give me the best synopsis you have on what you need people in Congress to do.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, and I appreciate it.    The Postal Service, as I said at the beginning, serves a vital element of our commerce here in the United States. They have a monopoly, and they have high fixed costs. When you have high fixed costs, you don't reduce services and raise rates and expect to solve your problems. What you need to do is move volume. You have got to make the post office more relevant in people's lives so that there is more volume that can move through the system. So again, raising rates and cutting services is not the way we are going to necessarily get there.    Now, I can tell you personally I have migrated a long way the more I have studied this where initially my inclination was the outlet is, you know, 5-day service, that sounds good, let's increase the number of postal holidays, that sounds good, but the more you dive into it, the more you realize that is not the way the economy is moving. What is happening is there is more e-commerce out there and people want to have their packages and goods delivered right to them right now. And so you see the Amazons of the world and others that consumers are starting to expect Saturday and even Sunday delivery, and the post office is in a unique position but they are not monopoly to produce that.    Personally, I feel very strongly that the post office should not be participating in business that is also found on Main Street. Selling coffee and T-shirts, with all due respect, other services that you can find it down the street, I don't think that is necessarily the role of somebody who has a tax advantage, has a monopoly, and I have very deep concerns about that.    The one thing that I haven't heard in the last couple hours of this hearing that I continue to harp on and it is incumbent upon us but also I think the post office itself is the government-to-government business. When I think of where do I go to get my passport, I think of the post office. That type of business arrangement needs to expand. It does at the State level and it should at the Federal level. It drives me crazy to no end that we go out and spend all this money FEMA to try to remap the United States and have all these drug distribution facilities.    We already have got post offices and letter carriers and others that already know their community. They could walk the streets without the street signs. They don't need their own special map. We have already done that with the Postal Service, and yet we spend hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars, doing that. We have disaster with FEMA and others that happen, but we have to be prepared for that, but it is your post office and your postmaster that probably understands the area and the community better than anybody.    I visited Montezuma Creek, Utah, a small place down on a Navajo Indian Reservation, a dilapidated building, but that local postmaster had been there for more than 20 years. She knows her community. She knows all the people. She knows people who speak English, who don't speak English. She knows who rides in on a horse to come get their mail. She knows the community. That is the type of effort that the rest of the Federal Government should be engaged in.    Also, I want to continue to look--and this committee has jurisdiction on the census. We are going to go out and spend billions of dollars on the census to try to recreate what the post office already has in place. And I can tell the postmaster is itching to speak here, so please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your local letter carrier is going to far more understand that there aren't 15 people living in this house. I have been walking the street going to their door for the last 7 years and there aren't 15 people in this building. That type of thing and insight, they are going to spend the billions of dollars. Let's spend it smartly. And I hope this committee will further look at this.    I have gone way over my time here, but I am excited to move this forward and again appreciate the work that Mr. Meadows, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Connelly, and certainly Mr. Cummings.    And as we wrap up, I think, Mr. Lynch, did you have--let me yield to Mr. Lynch and ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, this committee competes with the Zika, so we are way down there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I recognize Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. The final point I would make on the government-to-government is that, yes, these other agencies are funded with resources to execute on these things, and if they are going to spend money on them, they should be spending them and looking at the option of doing it to the Postal Service.    I think the unions would appreciate that. They have got the physical infrastructure unlike any other entity. They would be able to do that whether, again, passports, census. You are going to get a request from us to look at the financials of how the whole passport business has worked, but I look within my own district, the Department of Motor Vehicles, you know, there are other State opportunities, not just the Federal Government opportunities, where they need a physical location that is safe and secure and that people know where it is.    So we have had a good, healthy hearing. We appreciate your participation. I hope the men and women of the Postal Service know that we care about them and that we are trying to do the best thing, but I agree with Mr. Cummings. It is time to do it sooner rather than later.    With that, the committee stands adjourned. Thank you.