    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to thank the witnesses for joining us today.    Professor Kent, I want to start with you. You laid out the constitutional authorities--Article I, where Congress can act on the issues of bankruptcy; Article IV that empowers it to act on issues involving territories.    My question is this. As you look at other provisions there under Article III for the courts to adjudicate bankruptcies, do you believe that there is a priority that is set in the Constitution that says the Congress must act, and counter to the courts, where the courts could act to adjudicate a bankruptcy such as this?    Mr. Wittman. But the courts could act, in this case, to adjudicate this?    Mr. Wittman. But in absence of a congressional action, the courts can act to adjudicate this. The creditors can file and say, ``we wish that our claims be made before the court,'' and they can argue their claims before the court.    Mr. Wittman. Mr. Weiss, a question to you. When we talk about how this should be laid out and Congress acting versus what I believe can take place through the courts, why wouldn't it be a desire for voluntary agreements to be worked out between Puerto Rico, the bondholders, through a mechanism in the courts versus one that is set by Congress? And does Congress' action actually itself set priorities for creditors' claims versus where it could be worked out in the courts with voluntary agreements and back and forth between the judiciary and the government of Puerto Rico?    Mr. Wittman. So there is current litigation? They are trying to adjudicate their claims?    Mr. Wittman. Why would the contestment take place any differently with back and forth between the bondholders and the courts versus the government of Puerto Rico bondholders and the United States Congress?    Mr. Wittman. Does this potential legislation, though, reprioritize what would otherwise be the claims of the bondholders here? In other words, does Congress supersede or put its imprint over who it believes should take precedence in that versus an adjudicatory hearing where the courts would determine priority of the bondholders?    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Bordallo.