    Mr. Benishek. Before we begin, I would like to ask unanimous consent for Congressman Doug Lamborn from Colorado and Congressman Bill Posey from Florida to sit on the dais and participate in today's hearing. So without objection, so ordered.    Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for today's Subcommittee hearing on Choice Consolidation: Improving the VA Community Care Billing and Reimbursement.    This morning's hearing is the second in the series of hearings the Subcommittee is holding over the next several weeks on several aspects of VA's plan to consolidate community care programs under a new and improved Choice Program.    Last week, we met to discuss eligibility for community care under the consolidation plan. This morning, we are going to discuss billing and reimbursement being considered under the plan.    The importance of VA's effort to consolidate community care programs and the impact that consolidation will have on the future of VA's health care system cannot be overstated. The VA simply cannot offer veteran patients across the country the health care they need without using community providers to supplement the care provided in the VA medical facilities. That is a fact that is becoming increasingly obvious and increasingly expensive.    In fiscal year 2012, the VA spent $4.5 billion on care in the community. Four years later in fiscal year 2015, care in the community costs more than doubled to just over $10 billion. That is almost an unprecedented increase over a relatively short time period and there is no sign that upward trend will reverse itself any time soon with the budget submission that was released Tuesday estimating a need for $12 billion for community care in fiscal year 2017.    In order for that money to be well spent and for our veterans to be well served by it, the VA must be a willing, fair, and consistent partner with community providers around the country. Unfortunately, the overly bureaucratic, highly manual claims process that VA currently employs to reimburse community providers does meet that standard.    Despite aggressive oversight from this Subcommittee and by individual Members of Congress, community providers both large and small continue to report millions of dollars in past due unpaid claims, and my office continues to hear regularly from providers who would like to serve veterans, but they are hesitant to continue accepting referrals from the VA because it is so difficult for them to get paid for their services.    My office also hears a lot of confusion and frustration from community providers about what they are supposed to be getting paid in the first place. Reimbursement rates vary widely across the VA's multiple care in the community programs.    In some cases, the VA reimbursement rates are lower than Medicare which makes it difficult for community providers to accept veteran patients and keep their doors open. In other cases, VA reimbursement rates are higher than Medicare. This is an inefficient way to run a large hospital, much less the Nation's largest health care system.    So moving forward, the VA must automate and simplify the department's community care claims processing system so that community providers are reimbursed accurately and in a timely, transparent manner.    VA must also honor the important role that community providers play in treating veteran patients by developing standardized reimbursement rates that are fair, competitive, and consistently applied. Multiple bureaucratic steps that only time rather than value must be eliminated. The stakes are simply too high for the VA to do anything less.    Thank you again for being here and I will now yield to Mr. Takano for his opening statement. Thank you.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you.    Joining us today on our first panel is Randall Williamson, the Director of Healthcare for the Government Accountability Office; Gary Abe, the Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audits and Evaluations for the VA Inspector General's Office, accompanied by Larry Reinkemeyer, the Director of the Kansas City Audit Office; and Dr. Baligh Yehia, the VA Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Community Care, accompanied by Dr. Gene Migliaccio, the VA Deputy Chief Business Officer for Purchased Care.    Thank you all for being here today. Mr. Williamson, we will start with you.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you very much.    Mr. Abe, could you please go ahead, five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you very much, Mr. Abe. I appreciate you including your personal experience.    Dr. Yehia, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Dr. Yehia.    I now yield myself five minutes for my questions. Dr. Yehia, I guess I didn't hear anything from you about some of the things that Mr. Williamson brought up to tell you the truth, and that is that we have a plan to consolidate all these different forms of community provider relationships. And we haven't heard anything about how is that going to work. How are you thinking about it? What are the options?    To me, it is kind of scary because right now there are seven different ways to do it which is complicated bureaucratically, but at least physicians then have kind of a choice as to what they do and where they fit in. And when you narrow it down to one system, that is pretty important to get that one system right then. You understand what I am getting at here?    Mr. Benishek. And developing that system is going to obviously take time, but I would like to be involved in seeing what you are doing so that we can provide input.    As you know, I took care of patients at the VA in multiple different ways throughout my career. Sometimes it was very frustrating. Then we finally settled on a system which was equitable, I think, for the VA and for my practice.    Mr. Benishek. One of the things that we wanted to talk about, too, is how are we going to set fair and competitive reimbursement rates for physicians. That is one of the things that comes to my mind as a provider.    Can you talk about that a little bit?    Mr. Benishek. Where are you in this consolidation situation? Do you have a blueprint of what you are going to do like Mr. Williamson talked about? When can you show that to us?    Mr. Benishek. Can you tell me anything specifically that you are doing as far as this paperwork requirement from community providers? Apparently, there is different criteria as far as what the provider has to do depending on who they are, where they are, what medical center. It seems to be very variable. Can you just talk about that for a minute?    Mr. Benishek. All right. I am out of time.    Mr. Takano, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Roe.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. O'Rourke, you are up.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Coffman, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thanks.    Dr. Ruiz.    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Wenstrup, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Thanks. Mr. Huelskamp? You are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. You mean getting rid of the fax machine?    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Lamborn?    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Posey, you are recognized.    Mr. Benishek. Well does anyone have any questions? You know, one of the things that came up here, Dr. Yehia, and I just wanted to kind of reemphasize it, is the number of stupid rules that the VA seems to have which hinder the accomplishment of its mission. And that, simply removing one of the rules is not going to solve all of these problems. A comprehensive review of all your practices has to be done. Go ahead.    Mr. Benishek. The panel is now excused. Thank you very much.    Joining us on our second panel is Roscoe G. Butler, the Deputy Director of the National Veterans Affairs and Rehabilitation Division of the American Legion; and Carlos Fuentes, the Senior Legislative Associate for the Veterans of Foreign Wars. I appreciate you coming today, gentlemen. And Mr. Butler, you can begin when you are ready. Thank you.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Butler. Mr. Fuentes, five minutes.    Mr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Fuentes. I yield myself five minutes for questions. And let me just comment about this medical record thing, and I noticed in your written testimony that you had that position.    But you know, as a provider myself, you cannot be responsible for, like the hospital medical record may not be your medical record. And the physicians get delayed. Now there is certainly a reasonable requirement that if the physician has a habit of not returning any of the records, he should be reviewed as a provider and then maybe eliminated as a provider if he does not do medical records. Private practice physicians are responsible to get the referring doctor the pertinent records all the time. And they do it, and if they do not do it, then the people do not refer to them anymore. That is just a better way, in my opinion as a provider, to make sure that continues as we go by.    Now you heard Dr. Yehia talk about improving the process. And I do not know if each of your organizations have any position on, would you be supportive of the VA moving to a Medicare model, or a TriCare model for payment? And using contractors to do that sort of thing? Would your organizations support that? Mr. Butler?    Mr. Benishek. Mr. Fuentes, do you have any position there?    Mr. Benishek. Right.    Mr. Benishek. Right. Are there any particular issues that you have not talked about that your membership is sort of interested in? To me it is a real worry about how this is actually going to work out. Consolidating all the aspects of care into one thing and having it work. So that is a real concern of mine. Is there any other thing that you did not bring in your testimony that you all are concerned about?    Mr. Benishek. Yes.    Mr. Benishek. No I--    Mr. Benishek. I agree, your benchmark idea makes a lot of sense. One of the concerns I have with the third party provider, the outside provider, is that what are they going to, are they going to cut any of their staff now if they have these outside providers doing a lot of the work? Does that mean that they are going to need less people in the VA? And is that going to actually happen? Or are we going to have two? That is my concern, are we going to be paying for two bureaucracies instead of one? So I have a lot of concerns about how this is done as well. And it is such a big project, it has a lot of scariness to me. I will yield back. Mr. Takano?    Mr. Benishek. Dr. Roe?    Mr. Benishek. Thank you. I had one more question, Mr. Fuentes, and that was about your statement about somebody going to outside the VA to get care, like the ophthalmologist or the eye doctor, then that patient was then transferred for appropriate care elsewhere, but then the VA would not cover that other physician. How should they fix that? Do you have any suggestions for that?    Mr. Benishek. Right. All right, thank you. Any other questions? Well, thank you for your participation. I truly appreciate your input. Feel free to get hold of us as time goes by, to provide more input. Because we certainly want to hear what you all have to say. So you are all excused. I will ask unanimous consent that all Members have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. So without objection, that is ordered. This hearing is now adjourned.