    Ms. McSally. The Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications will come to order. Welcome to the other hearing going on on Capitol Hill this morning. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine Federal response capabilities for major disasters. I will now recognize myself for an opening statement.    August 29 marked the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, the response to which was a failure at all levels of government. The storm took more than 1,800 lives, impacted millions of Gulf Coast residents, and cost an estimated $108 billion--the most costly disaster in U.S. history.    Ten years later, the Gulf Coast still bears the scars of this disaster. Since Katrina, much has changed in how we manage and respond to disasters. There have been major legislative reforms and improvements made to the emergency preparedness and response enterprise.    The Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, or PKEMRA, gave FEMA more authority to lean forward and be more proactive as threats emerged.    We have also seen an improvement in the way we collectively look at preparedness, through the development of the National Preparedness System and its associated National Preparedness Goal and Planning Frameworks, including the National response framework, assessment of core capabilities, and planning and exercising to identify and address gaps.    Finally, the way information moves--especially through the use of social media--has changed how we communicate and interact with each other and how we get news and critical information.    In emergencies, we use social media to relay information to first responders, communicate with loved ones, and request assistance. Response organizations, including FEMA and emergency managers Mr. Koon represents, use social media to quickly share public safety information and maintain direct communication with disaster survivors during and after an incident.    As a whole, these changes have resulted in more coordinated and effective responses to more than 1,200 declared disasters in the 10 years since Katrina. Three years ago next week, Hurricane Sandy made landfall on the Eastern Seaboard, including areas represented by several of my colleagues on this subcommittee.    The response to Sandy is in contrast to the failures of Hurricane Katrina. FEMA pre-deployed more than 900 personnel and established incident support bases and Federal staging areas to preposition commodities, generators and communications vehicles. These actions contributed to a more effect response.    Despite these improvements, the response to Hurricane Sandy wasn't without its challenges. For example, issues related to fuel distribution and power restoration impacted responses and recovery efforts.    At the request of this committee, the Government Accountability Office has been evaluating FEMA's response capabilities, particularly in light of authorities provided in PKEMRA. Some of this work is ongoing, but the GAO has issued reports on FEMA's workforce, potentially improper disaster assistance, coordination of emergency support function responsibilities of Federal agencies, and logistics to name a few.    I look forward to hearing from Mr. Currie about GAO's reviews and his suggestions for ways to further improve our Federal response posture.    This Nation faces innumerable threats, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, emerging infectious diseases, and a porous border. These complex threats pose unique challenges. Administrator Fugate, I look forward to hearing how you are working to continue to improve FEMA so it is a nimble organization, prepared to respond along with Federal, State, local, private, and non-profit partners to the evolving challenges we face.    I also want to commend you for FEMA's recent work responding to the devastating floods in the Carolinas. Our thoughts are with all those who have been impacted.    With that, I welcome our distinguished witnesses here today. I look forward to your testimony, and our discussions on ways we can work together to continue to improve our response capabilities.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson, for any opening statement he may have.    Ms. McSally. Without objection.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Thompson. Other Members of the subcommittee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record. We are pleased to have a very distinguished panel before us today on this important topic.    Administrator Craig Fugate was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and began his service as administrator of FEMA in May 2009. Prior to coming to FEMA, Administrater Fugate served as director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management. Mr. Fugate began his emergency management career as a volunteer firefighter, paramedic, and a lieutenant with the Alachua--did I say that right?--County fire rescue.    Mr. Bryan Koon has served as the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management since February 2011. Prior to joining the division, he worked with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. for 5 years as operations manager and director of emergency management.    Mr. Koon worked at the White House Military Office for 7 years, where he was the watch officer in the President's emergency operations center while on active duty with the U.S. Navy. Go Air Force--no, all right, sorry. Put that in the Congressional Record. He then spent 2 years as a training officer for Presidential contingency programs, conducting training and exercising for the White House Military Office, United States Secret Service, Federal Emergency Management Agency, and others.    Mr. Koon is currently serving as the president of the National Emergency Management Association and is testifying in that capacity today.    Mr. Christopher Currie is the director of the GAO's Homeland Security and Justice team, where he leads the agency's work on emergency management and National preparedness issues. In this role, Chris and his team of GAO auditors evaluate Federal efforts and programs to prevent, plan for, and respond to natural and man-made disasters.    Prior to this, he was acting director in GAO's Defense Capabilities and Management team, where he led reviews of DOD programs.    The Chair now recognizes Administrator Fugate for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Administrator Fugate.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Koon for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Koon.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Currie for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Currie. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    So this is really for the whole panel at first. The Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act is now almost 10 years old. We have talked about some of the things that we have seen improved from that act, and so the question is are there any additional legislative actions that are required based on what we have learned from the other disasters in the last 10 years? If so, what would those be?    Starting with Administrator Fugate.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Koon, any perspectives?    Ms. McSally. Great.    Mr. Currie.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. Next, I want to talk about mitigation. Several of you talked about it in your opening statement. This is of great importance to emergency managers in my home State of Arizona. We reached out to them asking for their perspectives and inputs on this hearing.    Most of the mitigation funding is provided through Hazardous Mitigation Grant Program after a disaster declaration than before. I mean, obviously mitigation, the whole point is to address it pre-disaster. So how can we more proactively address the mitigation? Some of you touched on it already, but if there are any additional points on mitigation you want to bring up.    Administrator Fugate.    Ms. McSally. Great, thanks. Either of the other witnesses.    Ms. McSally. Great. I have another quick question. I know I am a little over here. But in a study done by the Fritz Institute--you mentioned this, Administrator Fugate--looking at perceptions of people that were affected by Katrina, of the 42 percent affected who did not evacuate 44 percent said the reported reason was because they didn't want to leave their pets behind.    I will tell you, I am an animal lover myself and I literally would not leave without my rescue Golden, Boomer, with me. So I get this. I know we passed the Pets Act in 2006. Can you talk about changes that have been made and whether this is still an issue?    Ms. McSally. Exactly. Great. Thank you. I am over. I appreciate it. We might have another round here, but I want to give an opportunity for my colleagues here.    So the Chair now recognizes Mr. Thompson, for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Walker, from North Carolina, for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes Mrs. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes, from New Jersey.    Ms. McSally. Mr. Clyburn.    Ms. McSally. It sounds like things we might need to follow up on. I really appreciate it.    Ms. McSally. Those are Federal agencies so I think there has got to be a way we can mandate that Federal agencies are at least in one-stop as we work with the States. So thanks for highlighting that.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Donovan, from New York, for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Yes, we will have a second round. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Mrs. Watson Coleman for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Absolutely. We are going to do a second round of questions so the Chair now recognizes myself for another 5 minutes for a round of questions.    One question I had, as you were talking about the readiness of individuals not getting, you know, the experience that they need, is my experience in working at Africa Command in the military is with OFDA, USAID Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance. You know, similar mission but overseas and the support that we provide. But it is the same types of challenges that they are dealing with. Do you have any--how do you interact with OFDA, and is there a way to do some cross-pollination between those that are, you know, available to be workers for FEMA and getting experience if OFDA is deploying overseas?    Ms. McSally. Yes.    Ms. McSally. I am just thinking. If OFDA is responding to an overseas disaster and they need support, and you have personnel that need the experience, if somehow--I know there are authorities issues because there are stovepipes in agencies--if there was a way to utilize them to get experience. But am I dreaming there?    Ms. McSally. Yes.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Yes. I have still got some friends there so maybe we can work out a meeting and see if there is an option.    Next question is related to social media. I mentioned in my opening statement. I know, Mr. Fugate, you are an avid social media--or your organization is--avid social media users. FEMA does a pretty good job, I think, of regularly communicating through various platforms related to what citizens and responders can do before, during, and after emergencies.    We actually had a roundtable with industry representatives from some of the social media companies, discuss new tools--some that they are using, and some that they are trying to develop--that can further enhance capabilities to be resilient in a disaster.    So a question, really, for the whole panel, you know. How has the increased use of social media impacted the way you do business. You know, are we where we need to be, or are there ways that we can use it more robustly?    Ms. McSally. Yes.    Ms. McSally. Right, great.    Mr. Koon.    Ms. McSally. Great.    Mr. Currie, any input on----    Ms. McSally. Great. Yes. So last point. You know, in the military we often talk about lessons learned, but I always use the word lessons ``identified'' because we often don't learn them. They become identified, but then if they don't get actually implemented then we see the same mistakes over and over again.    Specifically related to this, we had a hearing in this committee, subcommittee, about the defense support to civil authorities; how the military can support a natural disaster. I know I am really running out of my time here, but Administrator Fugate, do you have any comments on how we saw that improvement related to Sandy? Is there anything else we need to identify and actually learn related to the military support?    Ms. McSally. Great.    Ms. McSally. Okay, great. My time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes Ranking Member Thompson for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Donovan for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Clyburn for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Well, I appreciate both my colleagues here raising this issue, and I would like to further have us look into whether this is an interpretation of law or whether we need a clarification in the law, and then work with the relevant other committees to see if we can address that. So thanks for highlighting that important issue.    Ms. McSally. I want to thank the witnesses for your valuable testimony today, and also the Members for their thoughtful questions. The Members of the subcommittee may have some additional questions for the witnesses. We will ask you respond to those in writing. Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing records will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.