    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair.    Thank you for being here today and for the work that you have been doing and I know you will continue to do in spite of the changes going on, and we will look forward to working with the new leader of the organization.    But I want to follow up a little bit on what the Ranking Member said, and I have another question. So I will just give you all my thoughts and will let you answer them. We can follow up in writing.    But just on the FSMA rules, I appreciate the Ranking Member bringing up many of the concerns that people have. We have worked very closely with you, and we appreciate Mr. Taylor coming to Maine. I know you have really focused over the last few years on some of the impacts that it is going to have with farmers who will be newly introduced to this.    Mr. Farr talked about the fact that, some of the farmers that he works with are very large scale. They have already implemented many of these safety procedures, but in my region of the country we are going to have a lot of new farmers affected by it.    So just a couple of things. I want to say that in terms of this national integrated food safety system that stakeholders will have a chance to provide some input on the plans. At some point I would just like to see a record and a timeline for the record that tells us what the overview of that will be and how it will be implemented.    And secondly, I know you are thinking about and there are some increases in the budget about how the training process will be, but you can imagine there is tremendous confusion and great concern that this is going to be a big challenge, particularly with small and medium size farmers who have not been experienced in this procedure before and a lot of confusion about who qualifies and who is required to do what.    So on the amount of training money available particularly going to the states, we have heard from the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture that there is not sufficient funding.    So, again, I know there is increased funding, and I know you are thinking about directing a lot of it to the states, but I just wanted to reiterate that that is one of the continuing concerns as we get into the implementation phase. We care deeply about food safety, of course, and that has been a big mission of Congress to move forward on that. But on the reverse of it, we do not want it to be this cumbersome bureaucracy that farmers cannot figure out or that, frankly, reduces some of the ability of farmers who have moved into new markets and are really having great success with direct to consumer and farmers' markets and a whole variety of new marketing techniques around the country in everyone's district. So we do not want to see that getting in the way.    So I am just going to throw that out there. The real question I want to get to, because I know we will have a chance to follow up on that, is an issue that concerns everyone on this committee. I just came from another hearing on this topic, and that is the opioid crisis, and I know you are very engaged in that and working on plans to deal with it.    And we have been appreciative of reading some of the things that the Department is doing. Obviously the President is making it an important initiative. I am sure there is not a state here that has not got their own long list of stories about what a challenge this is.    And I just want to talk about one little part of it. In thinking about what the FDA can do to improve prescribing practices, expanding risk evaluation and mitigation strategy requirements for the immediate release of opioids, I know that the Department has called the development of non-pharmacological approaches to pain an urgent priority.    So I just want to hear: do you think that there is a lack of safe and effective alternative treatments for chronic pain?    And, if so, can you elaborate on some of the efforts underway in collaboration with the NIH and industry stakeholders to fill that need?    And would the FDA consider emphasizing non-pharmacological treatment options in the continuing medical education component of the risk evaluation and mitigation strategy? It just seems like that is a good opportunity here available to us.    Ms. Pingree. It is a lot to answer in a minute, I know.    Ms. Pingree. Absolutely.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you. I have gone over my time. I appreciate your coming.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I want to associate myself with a couple of my colleagues' remarks. Mr. Valadao is gone now, but I do appreciate that he brought up some of the concerns. He mentioned nuts, avocados, salmon, and I know you said you are close on those guidelines. But because there has been so much rethinking about healthy fats, I just think it is important that that information is out there and that we catch up with the labeling and what the public and nutritionists are already telling us.    And then also Congresswoman DeLauro and Mr. Palazzo both mentioned some of the issues around imported shrimp, and the challenges with potential contamination are issues. I do want to take issue a little bit with Mr. Palazzo, who suggested that the Gulf of Mexico has the tastiest shrimp. I'm very happy to have a challenge with Maine shrimp. This is our season right now, and they are pretty darn good. So we might want to just have a little face-off over that. Yes, yes. I think a blind taste test.    Ms. Pingree. OK. There you go. I kind of think I am going to win, but I am willing to let you into it.    But I just want to have a little bit of a dialogue about antibiotic resistance with you. I know that is a huge concern in the public health community; providers and the administration have put some focus on it. I am just worried we are not doing enough and we are not doing enough fast enough.    So I know that the FDA published guidance in 2013 asking industry to remove the production claims for medically important antimicrobials, and I think that is good. In 2015, there was the Veterinary Feed Directive Final Rule and Guidance, again good. And the fiscal year 2017 budget request is $41.6 million for antimicrobial resistance activities, which is the same as fiscal year 2016.    So I am a little concerned about whether FDA has the resources to ensure FDA is compliant with the Veterinary Feed Directive and FDA's guidance on production claims for medically important antimicrobials. So can you tell me what you are thinking? How much of your budget request will go towards the animal side of the FDA's antibiotic resistance activities? Do you have the resources to monitor compliance with the directive and the production claims? And if you do not have sufficient resources, then what is the impact on public health and safety?    Ms. Pingree. Well, thank you for your response. And I would express my alarm and concern that there is not sufficient funding, and certainly encourage you to do whatever is possible, and this committee to support you in that, to make sure we do have good baseline data and that we are able to follow what happens after this directive comes into place.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair.    Thank you everyone for being here today and for the work you do.    I will just throw a couple of quick questions out in the interest of time. First, for Ms. Starmer, thank you, and I appreciate the Ranking Member's questions.    I think I got my first question answered, but maybe if you are going to follow up with him, I would be interested in some of the same things about the local food data. I know that it's a relatively new expansion, and I am interested in how you go about collecting the data, and I would like to see some of the results. I know you said you were already doing it, but just anything about how you are moving forward and expanding your capacity because that has got to be one of the trickier things, to get the right kind of data.    I was actually thrilled to hear that you have a full-time employee working across all of those sectors because I do think that this is such a great economic opportunity for agricultural sector, and there are a lot of pitfalls along the way.    So maybe sometime, not in the committee, but we could just hear a little more about how that is working on that one.    The other question for you is around FSMA, which of course is an enormous rule. FDA has finished a lot of work on it, and probably the biggest question I get from farmers in my state is just how the implementation will work out.    And I think for a lot of the small and medium size farmers, there are a lot of issues there.    So I know you are launching the GroupGAP in April, and I am interested a little bit in how that is going to be there to help small and midsize farmers as they tackle the implementation and just want more assistance in doing that.    And I will stop there because I hear our buzzers are ringing.    Ms. Pingree. Great.    Ms. Pingree. Great.    Ms. Pingree. Well, we will certainly look forward to working with you on that as this progresses and as people start to implement this in the field.    I will just throw one quick question in there for APHIS, Mr. Shea. I know you know antimicrobial resistance is a huge concern, and I think last year you said APHIS would gather on-farm data on antibiotic use.    Unfortunately, I know you did not receive the funding you requested, but can you give me just a little bit of an update?    Are you currently doing any data collection? I know you have requested $10 million again, which would be very helpful. How would you use that funding if you are able to procure it?    Ms. Pingree. Right.    Ms. Pingree. Great. Well, we will hope that you are able to receive the funding this year. It is an important conversation to have.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you very much to everyone on the panel. I am sorry to miss some of the earlier testimony, but I really appreciate the work that you do and how you help the farmers in my state. So thank you very much for that.    I think I missed some of the nice things that people were saying about our Ranking Member, but I will just join in and say that we are going to miss you very much, and I have really been grateful to learn so much on this committee from you and your wonderful stories. So I hope you will not go too far way. I know you are going to be missed in your district. I hear that from people all the time. So we will miss you, too.    I missed Mr. Palazzo's question, but I think he was asking a little bit about the new and beginning farmer outreach program. I think that the President's request has $3.9 million for beginning farmer projects at FSA.    He might have focused a little bit on veteran's programs, which we are very interested in in our state and have some great work going on, but I know that part of the funds will support a pilot project that will help to mediate intergenerational transfers and leasing issues between one generation and the next.    In my state, land access is such a critical issue. This is really challenging. So I am interested in that project. Can you tell us a little more about it?    Ms. Pingree. Right.    Ms. Pingree. Well, all of those are much appreciated and critically important, particularly in regions like mine where a lot of young people are wanting to get into farming but not having all of the assistance that they need. So thank you for that.    Just a little bit about cover crops. Thank you, Mr. Willis. I can tell you visited all of us. You have been everywhere to talk to people about crop insurance, and thank you all for some of the changes that we are going through.    It is about cover crop termination rules. So I understand farmers have to follow a complicated set of guidelines if they want to plant a cover crop and not have it impact a farmer's eligibility for crop insurance. Those guidelines vary around the country. They require a farmer to terminate their cover crop a certain number of days before planting a cash crop.    As I understand this, there is no other common farming practice that has such rules. Generally a farmer just has to follow what the RMA calls good farming practices to ensure they do not compromise their eligibility for crop insurance indemnity.    I know there are several groups that have recommended that cover crop termination rules should be decoupled from federal crop insurance eligibility, and instead cover crops should simply have the same good farming practice process that other widely used agricultural management processes are subject to.    So is RMA considering getting rid of these complicated cover crop termination rules and instead considering cover crops a good farming practice?    It seems to me like something that the RMA should prioritize so we do not dissuade folks from using sustainable practices like cover cropping. Particularly in sustainable and organic agriculture, cover crops are such a critical part of building up the soil, and with the tremendous amount of topsoil loss we are having in our country, I feel like we should be doing everything we can to get more of them in use.    Ms. Pingree. So I would be interested to follow up with you. I am not sure why it cannot be included under good farming practices. I can see that you have put a lot of time and thinking into this, but if we are hearing people raise concerns about it, it must be a stumbling block.    So at least if you could help us understand if there is a reason we cannot just take it one step further. Thank you for the work you have done, and thank you for your answer.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.