    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. Since we've gone a little far afield here, let me do so again very briefly to point out that, among others, Thomas Jefferson, who, among his minor accomplishments, was the Founder of the Democratic Party, was also a graduate of William & Mary.    Mr. Nadler. Mr. Comey, Director Comey, the attack--well, we're all certainly very condemning of the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, and we all--our hearts go out to the families and victims of that. I commend the FBI for everything you've done to investigate this matter. Now, the two terrorists are dead and another coconspirator, the neighbor, is in jail. You have used the USA Freedom Act to track their phone calls and invest--which this Committee wrote last year--to track their phone calls and investigate everyone they ever spoke to on that phone. The FBI has done a great job already. Now, let me ask a few questions.    It's my understanding that the--that we have found that the attack in San Bernardino was not, in any way, planned or coordinated by ISIS. Is that correct? It may have been inspired by, but not directed or planned by.    Mr. Nadler. And have you eliminated any connection between the two suspects and any overseas terrorist organization?    Mr. Nadler. Have you seen any evidence of any, is a better way of putting it?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Now, given those facts--so there's no evidence of any coordination with anybody else, that's the two homegrown, self-motivated, perhaps inspired-by-ISIS terrorists. Now, the investigators seized the iPhone in question on December 3; the FBI reached out to Apple for assistance on December 5. Apple started providing the FBI with information, with account information, I gather, the same day, but then the next day, on December 6, at the instruction of the FBI, San Bernardino County changed the password to the iCloud account associated with that device. They did so without consulting Apple, at the instruction or suggestion of the FBI. And changing that password foreclosed the possibility of an automatic backup that would allowed Apple to provide you with this information without bypassing its own security, and thus necessitating, in the first place, the application to the court that you made and that we're discussing today. In other words, if the FBI hadn't instructed San Bernardino County to change the password to the iCloud account, all of this would have been unnecessary, and you would have had that information. So my question is, why did the FBI do that?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. So the second part of my question is, it wasn't until almost 50 days later on January 22 when you served the warrant. Given the allegedly critical nature of this information, why did it take the FBI 50 days to go to court?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Thank you. Now, can you offer a specific case, because I do think we all understand that it's not just a specific case, it will have widespread implications in law, and however the courts resolve this, which is essentially a statutory interpretation case, the buck is going to stop here at some point, we're going to be asked to change the law.    So encryption software is free, open source, and widely available. If Congress were to pass a law forcing U.S. companies to provide law enforcement with access to encrypted systems, would that law stop bad actors from using their own encryption?    Mr. Nadler. It would not. So the bad actors would just get around it?    Mr. Nadler. So if we were to pass a law saying that Apple and whoever else had to put backdoors, or whatever you want to call them, into their systems, the bad actors that were--and with all the appropriate--with all the--not appropriate, all the concomitant surrenders of privacy, et cetera, et cetera, the bad actors could easily get around that by making their own encryption systems?    Mr. Nadler. Yeah. But couldn't----    Mr. Nadler. But couldn't foreign companies and bad actors generally do that, whatever we said?    Mr. Nadler. My time has expired. Thank you.<greek-l>B1 first Issa submission deg.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me begin by welcoming my constituent and the great district attorney of New York County, Cy Vance, by saying that I appreciate his enlightenment of the district attorney's views of this dilemma that we all face.    Let me also suggest, in answer to Mr. Sensenbrenner's questions, that I assume that Apple may have legislative suggestions for us after the courts come out with their determinations, and Apple decides they like the determinations or they don't like the determinations, at which point Apple, and a lot of other people in institutions, I assume, will decide on specific legislative proposals. And it may very well be that this Congress will wait to see what the courts do, but we will see.    Let me begin my questions. District Attorney Vance, Director Comey suggested earlier today that the relief sought by the FBI is limited to this one device, running this particular operating software in this one case. Now, I gather that you've mentioned you have over 200 phones faced with a similar problem----    Mr. Nadler . That you don't really think that this case will be limited to the one device; that, obviously, it's going to set a precedent, maybe not the only precedent, for a large class of devices, including the ones that you're interested in.    Mr. Nadler. Well, I assume that, eventually, either the courts will set one standard, or Congress will have to consider it.    Mr. Nadler. Professor Landau, several of your colleagues recently published the results of a survey of over--and this is similar to a question I asked Director Comey. Several of your colleagues recently published results of a survey of over 600 encryption products that are available online. More than 400 of these products are open sourced and made or owned by foreign entities.    If Congress would have passed a law, or for that matter, if the courts were to impose a requirement, that forcing U.S. companies to provide--forcing U.S. companies to provide law enforcement with access to encrypted systems, would that law stop bad actors from using encryption from open sources or foreign sources?    Mr. Nadler. And if someone purchased a phone from a foreign company, it could have the encryption that we prohibited an American company from creating?    Mr. Nadler. And let's assume that Congress decided to prohibit purchase of foreign encryption systems. Is there any practical way we can enforce that?    Mr. Nadler. So what you're saying is that we are really debating something that's undoable?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Let me ask two very quick questions before my time runs outs.    Mr. Sewell, the Eastern District Court yesterday, in its ruling that has been referred to, cited no limiting principle to the legal theory behind the FBI's request as a reason to deny the order. Is there a limiting principle in the San Bernardino case?    Mr. Nadler. None. So it can be expanded indefinitely.    And finally, Mr. Sewell, your brief, Apple's brief to the court lays out several constitutional concerns. There's computer code speech as protected under the First Amendment. What are the First and Fifth Amendment--well, let me just ask, what are the First and Fifth Amendment questions does this case raise? We've been talking about statute, but let's ask about First and Fifth Amendment questions.    Mr. Nadler. Which is a First Amendment problem.    Mr. Nadler. Does anybody else on the panel want to comment on that question?    If not, thank you. My time is expired, Mr. Chairman.