    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will be brief. I want to thank you and the Ranking Member for holding this hearing.    The farm bill's conservation programs provide necessary tools for farmers and ranchers that preserve our natural resources and help us meet regulatory requirements. I have been a long-time supporter of voluntary conservation efforts, and these efforts have been useful in my area in a number of different ways.    One of the things I have been trying to do is get folks to understand that if we do drainage water management in the right way, we can not only do a better job of managing the water, but also get environmental benefits from being able to do this. In my part of the world, we have this flooding going on in the Red River Valley, and whenever we have a flood, it just goes across land and washes everything out and it all goes in the river, and it is a big mess. One thing I am trying to get people to look at is the benefits we can get if we do pattern tiling, where we try to manage this water underneath the ground instead of over top of the ground. We have a witness from my district here to explain that to people today, and I thank the Chairman for including that person. Also, we are going to, potentially, have a field listening session up in our part of the world to further explore this, so I appreciate the opportunity to have those folks here, and Chief, we are looking forward to your testimony. Welcome to the Committee.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. The chair requests that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so that the witnesses can begin their testimony to ensure that there is ample time for questions. The chair would also like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in the order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of their arrival. I appreciate the Members' understanding.    Once again, Chief, thank you so much, I know it is difficult carving time out of what are busy days to be able to come here and to join us. Once again, I am pleased to welcome Chief Jason Weller, Natural Resources Conservation Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, to the table, and Chief Weller, please go ahead and begin when you are ready. We have waived the normal 5 minutes of time to give you adequate time to present the information that you have before us.    So go ahead and begin when you are ready.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chief, I want to talk a little bit about this P.L. 83-566 situation. Apparently the appropriators had asked you for a list of projects, and you didn't get it to them for a while and now you have given them one. Is that part of why there wasn't any appropriation, because they hadn't gotten these project lists before, or do you know why they didn't?    Mr. Peterson. Do you know why the Administration didn't request anything in the budget?    Mr. Peterson. Well, we appreciate the P.L. 83-566 or the RCPP that was designated up from the valley there. They are using some of that money for planning for these P.L. 83-566 projects, and there are 12 of them that are in process. I have been in a couple meetings here in the last 2 months where they have been working on these, but they are not in your plan here, so I don't know if that is because they are not completed yet or what. But, one of the concerns they have and I have is if there going to be money for these once the planning is done, which is going to be in a year or 2. And what is the prognosis for money for P.L. 83-566 going into the future, do you think, in terms of funding, because there is a lot on both sides of the border. This is what people want to use to try to help manage this flooding situation.    Mr. Peterson. I am moving ahead with the hopeful attitude that it is going to work out.    Mr. Peterson. One of the other things that came up that is a continuing frustration is the lack of coordination between NRCS and the Corps, and there was a Memorandum of Understanding that was done between the Corps and NRCS back in 2012, and I thought this had all gotten worked out. And so I go to this meeting in January and find out that the whole thing has broken down and is not working. Why can't we get to a situation where we can have the Corps and the NRCS come to a determination? I thought your guy in Minnesota had it worked out that the Corps was going to go along with whatever NRCS came up with, and then I find out that she wasn't doing that. They have wasted 2 years screwing around with this deal, and you have another situation where they have been trying to get some kind of conservation gateway to try to get things worked out between you and FSA and RMA, and that is, I am not sure, working either. Can you help us get to a way that we can get these projects approved?    Mr. Peterson. You work with those folks, right?    Mr. Peterson. You understand now and hopefully people understand why some of us are so concerned about this Waters of the U.S., because if that thing goes through and we have 300 more pages of regulations, you think we have a problem now, because this will just give an opportunity for everybody to not agree to anything.    So anyway, whatever you can do to help us with that would be appreciated.    Mr. Peterson. And if you can get our projects on the list, it would help. Okay? I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Allen from Georgia is recognized, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rodelius, how much of the tile that is being put in now has structures associated with it?    Mr. Peterson. So, getting the structures approved is quite a process?    Mr. Peterson. And so most of the time, it is not happening?    Mr. Peterson. And the biggest problem is it is just too much work, too complicated?    Mr. Peterson. Is the cost-share adequate that is being offered for these if they do get through the process?    Mr. Peterson. Up in the valley, where I have talked about potentially tiling a lot of that, it would probably need structures with it. Would the farmers tile their land and include a structure if we took care of it through the conservation partnership or something?    Mr. Peterson. And they probably have a better understanding of what the reason for doing this is as well.    Mr. Peterson. But you could use the structures to significantly improve water quality and solve some of these other issues that people have if it was more widespread, is that not correct?    Mr. Peterson. You probably aren't aware of this, but we are having this big controversy or discussion in Minnesota over these buffer strips because the governor came out and was going to require 16\1/2\ buffer around every ditch in Minnesota. It has caused quite a commotion. At one time, it was 50. You can imagine, 50 on every ditch.    So with these saturated buffers, which I guess went through some pilot program and now is, I guess, an accepted practice, is that correct?    Mr. Peterson. In interim practice?    Mr. Peterson. Are the folks that are working on the buffer strips in Minnesota aware of this, and is this something that is being considered in whatever they are doing out there?    Mr. Peterson. Well, we have, and that is my understanding, too, some work to do, because the people that I have talked to that are involved in this, some of them that are supposed to be knowledgeable, have no idea about this whatsoever. They just think this is some kind of a wacko thing that I am talking about. We have a lot of work to do to get people to understand.    Mr. Peterson. I went to the Ducks Unlimited banquet, and the Ducks Unlimited guy got up and made this speech about how we have to stop this tiling because they are destroying all the wetlands and the wildlife in the country. What are they still living in the 1940s or what is going on? How can anybody be making a speech like that? He is one of the leaders in Ducks Unlimited. Is that propaganda that they teach these people, or what?    Mr. Peterson. We have a lot of education to do and we appreciate you coming out and spending some time with the Committee today.    Mr. Peterson. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman, and now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.