    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for your service and service to our men and women in uniform.    Secretary Carter, you pretty well laid out all the diverse threats that we face. I can't think of a time where we have faced any more on near-term, short-term, or long-term basis, and we are facing them at a time of shrinking budgets.    And this subcommittee, I think, has a role to play. Some of us have served under different Presidents and different Secretaries of Defense, and I think we all bring a unique perspective.    And I want to, Mr. Secretary, have a brief discussion with you about your decision to end the Littoral Combat Ship program at 40.    If you look at that program, you can see that it was set up to be a 52-ship program. And the reason I say it is your decision is because there was a memo that you wrote to the Secretary of the Navy, it was reported in the press, and it talked about the fact that maybe some of the lethality wasn't there. It was almost like, I guess, where the report said that maybe the Navy spends too much money on ships and not enough money on some of the other platforms, like the E-2D Hawkeye or the P-8 or the F-18. And I happen to be a big supporter of all those programs. But I just am not sure it is correct to justify them comparing them to other programs.    And when I read that memo and I talk to other members, senior members of the Department of Defense, it seems like there is this question of, well, maybe the Littoral Combat Ship is more of a presence ship, like a patrol boat or frigate, it is there to kind of show our presence, but maybe it doesn't have the kind of high-tech capabilities in this new world to really deal with China, deal with Russia, deal with Iran.    And so I guess my concern is, that is one opinion. You read articles about how important the LCS can be, you talk to some of the folks who have been on them over in the Asia Pacific, and they would tell you, you almost need those kind of ships to defeat some of the folks over there.    So I guess my question is, is if the Navy says we need 52, that was their estimate and they reiterated that after they did a year-long study that we actually asked them to do, and then your decision is they need 40, I guess the question becomes, how does that requirement change so quickly and will we get to see an analysis that went into your decision?    In other words, do you really believe we need less Littoral Combat Ships or do you believe we need to spend more money in other areas? Bottom line, is that a decision based on long-term national security or is that a decision based on a short-term budget?    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Mabus, welcome back. The chairman mentioned you are the longest serving Secretary of the Navy since World War I, and I think you are also the fifth longest serving Secretary of all. In the old days, they had some really long-serving Secretaries, so we worked together over the years on a lot of issues about ships and planes and submarines. Thank you for your service and the folks that you represent.    Admiral Richardson and General Neller, first time here, but I am sure the Secretary has given you his secret notes on testimony before the subcommittee, so welcome to you all as well.    You know, there are so many things that the Navy does that we have worked on together over the years, and when I look at the budget this year, you see things that you can talk about for a long time in terms of--you have mentioned them, the Ohio Replacement class, the cruiser modernization, the P-8s, the E2-D Hawkeyes, the LCS, but I want to focus, and the chairman mentioned the question of ships and that numbers matter, and the littoral combat ships, which has been described as the Navy's ship of the future. We had a meeting last week with the Secretary of Defense, Mr. Carter, and one of the things that he has done, is say, we ought to end littoral combat ships acquisition at 40 instead of the original 52.    And I asked him, I said, is this something that is based on a short-term budget analysis? Or is this, is there some broader reason that has to do with national security? And I wasn't clear about the answer, but I do know that you all requested, I think, in your shipbuilding budget, 52 ships 2 years ago, and then this committee said, well, let's do a really detailed study to make sure that is right. You did that and reiterated the fact that 52 was the number that we needed.    And so I guess my question is, to start with, as we focus in, has that requirement changed? That initial 52 from the warfighting analysis you did? Has that changed?    Mr. Crenshaw. Well, do you know, is there any sort of analysis that you know of, if it is not your analysis, is there some sort of analysis that has been done that would indicate that we need less?    Mr. Crenshaw. I got you. Well, Admiral Richardson, let me ask you real quick. You know, there is also kind of, I think, a mischaracterization of the LCS. Any new ship program has issues and questions just any time you do that, and there have been questions around the LCS. But it seems to have been characterized in some corners as maybe not as critical as it could be in warfighting. It is more like a present ship, like a patrol boat. I think that the Secretary of Defense used the term, is a very good lower-end ship, which I would hope is a mischaracterization.    So maybe you could tell this subcommittee, number one, what part the LCS is going to play in the warfighting plan? And also, maybe talk about some of the new capabilities, make sure that we are aware of some of those new capabilities that it brings to this warfighting capability.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We talked a lot about ships today. Obviously we talked about the Navy and we talked about submarines. I know you have other programs that are vital to our national security. The Chairman touched on airplanes, P-8s, the E-2D Hawkeyes, the Growler. And as I understand it, you have China getting more modern, and Russia getting more aggressive in new areas, one of which I have read about called anti-access/aerial denial, A2/AD. I think it is a term that was used to confuse our adversaries, as well as Members of Congress. It is hard to say.    But tell us a little bit about that whole challenge, and then how we are meeting with some of the other assets we have like the Growler, like the E-2D Hawkeye. I think we would all be interested in knowing what those programs are and how they are meeting these new challenges, and are they being supported by the 2017 budget request?    Mr. Crenshaw. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me add my words of thanks to both of you all for your service.    I want to talk a little bit about the JSTAR program. It seems like every year the Air Force moves the goal post, and I guess it creates a certain amount of consternation with this subcommittee. Like, this year, you asked for half as much money, and then the program slipped another 2 years.    And, as I understand it, this is a nondevelopmental program. You take an end-use airplane and you put an end-use sensor on it, and people say, why does that take 12 years? And I have talked and I know other members of the subcommittee have talked to senior people at the DOD, have talked to senior folks in your organization, just to say, what is going on? Who is slowing this thing down? And industry indicates you could probably do this in half the time. That may or may not be true, but we get different answers from the different folks we talk to.    And I guess the question is--maybe, since you all are going to make the final decision, we get to ask the right people--what is going on? I mean, why is it taking so long? Is it being slowed down on purpose?    It seems to me that there is a certain risk involved, if we don't have these replacement planes, that the combatant commanders are not having an asset they need.    So tell us what is going on, why is it taking so long, and is there a chance you could speed it up or make it happen in a more reasonable amount of time. We need some, kind of, final answers, please.    Mr. Crenshaw. Well, do you have--I mean, so it slipped to--this year, you asked for half as much as we might have anticipated, and so it slips 2 more years. What are you saying? That it is not going to slip anymore? Or it is back on track? Or what is the new timeline?    Mr. Crenshaw. So you have a plan now. You have settled some of those issues, and there is a plan to get it done, right?    Mr. Crenshaw. Great.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both.    Mr. Secretary, let me ask you about the Improved Gray Eagle program. I know that we had the Gray Eagle and then got the Improved Gray Eagle. And it is obviously new and improved. And this committee recognized that, and I guess, last year, we supported 17 of those new Improved Gray Eagles. And as I understand it, there is still a need for another 12. But it was kind of demonstrated, but it is not in the budget this year. And I just wondered why you decided not to include that in this year's budget. Is that kind of a budget restraint? Are we going to see that unfunded priority? Tell us a little bit about the decision that goes into that.    Mr. Crenshaw. Well, I appreciate it. And I appreciate your kind of directness, because sometimes when you--you know, obviously, you got tough choices to make. And it is easy to say: Well, this is all about national security, and it is everything we need. It is nice to hear somebody say: Look. We can't quite do everything we need to do. That means additional risk, and I am sure the general can talk about that, and I appreciate that, because we want to help you in every way we can. And we always like to get kind of the straight scoop.    So, General, can you just tell us a little bit about that maybe additional risk that we might incur, you know, by doing that. What are the--just very briefly because I better go vote. You better go vote, ma'am.    Mr. Crenshaw. I appreciate that.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.