    Mr. Beyer. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you all very much for being here.    Dr. Griffin, in his prepared statement this morning Representative Culberson stated ``that over the years, a lack of clear mission has worn down morale at many centers.'' And he talked, interestingly, about people saying, well, is our mission to go to asteroids or is it to go to the moon again or is it to go to Mars?    But I also find the assessment somewhat puzzling when you consider the findings from the annual survey by the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service that consistently ranks NASA as the best place to work among federal agencies. And while the median overall index score for large agencies has shown a slight downward trend 2011 through 2015, NASA's score actually went up during the same period.    And according to the partnership, the biggest factor affecting employee satisfaction and commitment overall in the best places to work rank is related to effective leadership. How do you reconcile NASA being a great place to work with Representative Culberson's concern about a lack of morale?    Mr. Beyer. Oh, either one, yes. Colonel, Doctor, Colonel Collins?    Mr. Beyer. Let me follow up. Representative----    Mr. Beyer. Oh, excuse me. Go ahead.    Mr. Beyer. Let me ask a follow-up. Representative Culberson also in his testimony talked about--I think it was 27 projects--major projects have been cancelled, $20 billion that basically had to be written off, invested but then lost. If you had a ten-year Administrator who emerges from this new board, is it less likely that these projects would have had to be cancelled?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Beyer. Okay.    Mr. Beyer. Let me--one last question of Dr. Griffin. So the bill proposes a budget proposed by the management board in addition to the one proposed by NASA and OMB and what we're working at here on the Hill. Do you have any concerns about a the Board proposing a detailed budget when they have neither the management responsibilities, nor the accountability for delivery and results?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you. Thank you, Doctor.    Mr. Beyer. You're not doing anything to help OMB morale right now, Dr. Griffin, so----    Mr. Beyer. Thanks for your perspective.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.