    Mrs. Lummis. The Subcommittee on the Interior of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. This hearing is somewhat unique, in that it's totally about the future, the government reform component of OGR's responsibility.    In order to set the stage for this discussion, I want to explain why the subject is so important to me and why it should be important to Congress. Let's step back into Mr. Peabody's Way Back Machine and turn the dial to the 1970s. The 1970s were a time of major environmental and natural resource lawmaking. The EPA was created in 1970; the Clean Water Act was passed in 1972; the Endangered Species Act in 1973; and FLPMA, the Federal Land Policy Management Act, in 1976. Incidentally, I was in high school and college during those years and took classes in both range management and soil science in college. I also had some really bad hairdos, but we won't go there.    All right. Roughly 40 years have passed. Scientific knowledge has grown leaps and bounds. What was settled science back then is now very different. Global cooling science from the 1970s is now global warming science. We know only one thing for sure: science is never settled.    Range science is among the scientific disciplines that have evolved exponentially since I took a range management class in college over 40 years ago. We are going to hear about some of those practices today, those modern practices, which were neither contemplated nor accommodated in our 40-year natural resource management statutes. Rules and policies adopted recently in this decade are based on old laws and old science. Some of these rules implement practices that may accelerate desertification. There is a better way.    For the sake of our range health, let's explore modern soil science and grassland health. Modern holistic practices can inform natural resource laws, rules, and practices. 99.9 percent of the Bureau of Land Management land in the U.S. is in 11 western States. It is mostly grassland, a huge carbon sequestration resource.    We are grateful today for the testimony of witnesses who can attest to 21st century conservation practices that are restoring health to soils and grassland resources.    I also want to thank Ranking Member Lawrence for this departure from normal hearing processes to view the following excerpt from a Ted talk delivered by Allan Savory, a global leader in regenerative land and resource management. Now, Mr. Savory would have been here today to testify, but he is with Prince Philip in England talking about these very same issues, so he was unable to attend.    But would you please show us his Ted talk?    Mrs. Lummis. Well, that is just a segment of the Ted talk. I recommend that you see it in its entirety; it is very impressive. And I happen to know, because I ranch in Wyoming. My family purchased the ranch next door. It had a Savory grazing system on it named after Allan Savory, the gentleman you just saw in the Ted talk. So it was 2,600 acres, it was divided into 16 grazing cells, and we would put very large numbers of cattle into each cell, and they would graze it down to the nubs, and then we would move them frequently from cell to cell using the same herding ideas that were expressed that occur naturally in the wild in Zimbabwe and elsewhere in Africa. By doing that, it did heal up some of the draws that were bare of all grasses and the grass did return, because you had the hoof action of the cattle depositing with their manure nutrients into the soil that were compacted into the soil by their split-hooved hooves before they were moved into the next pasture.    So I can attest to the fact that Allan Savory's theories have worked on the ground in places, including the land that I worked as a rancher, and so it is something that we should discuss in terms of looking forward about how we manage public lands and present--or excuse me--prevent damage to our natural resources inadvertently.    With that, I now recognize Mrs. Lawrence, ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Interior, for her opening statement.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome Ms. Judith Schwartz, author of ``Cows Save the Planet and Other Improbable Ways of Restoring Soil to Heal the Earth''; and Mr. Byron Shelton, senior program director of the Savory Institute. Welcome to you both.    Pursuant to committee rules, witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. The witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Please be seated.    In order to allow time for discussion, we ask you to limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes, but because we have some time to talk very casually and prospectively about these issues, we will have plenty of time for questions. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    So, Ms. Schwartz, we will begin with you. You are recognized for 5 minutes. Welcome.    Mrs. Lummis. It sounds like it's not on. Yeah. Is there a button--see the button?    Mrs. Lummis. There you go.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Ms. Schwartz.    And Mr. Shelton, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the witnesses. And now we will have a period of questioning. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Thank you again both for being here. What is inspiring and, I believe, hopeful about your testimony is, Mr. Shelton, what you noted near the end of your testimony, is this is something that conservatives and liberals can find some agreement on and move forward in a way that improves our land resources. So let me begin my questioning with you.    Mr. Shelton, you're from Colorado. Can you explain to me what the Savory Institute does to help it either demonstrate effective land management or assist with improving rangeland quality in the western United States?    Mrs. Lummis. Ms. Schwartz, in your research and study of these subjects, do you find that Federal policies are always consistent with a good result on the ground, or do you think there are ways that we could apply some of these new scientific discoveries on old grazing practices that could be useful in managing Federal lands in the future?    Mrs. Lummis. My time has expired. I will now recognize the gentlelady, who is ranking member of this committee, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Vice Chairman. Mr. Buck, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. Among the things that we've dealt with is if you had livestock herders who really could stay with livestock while they were on large expanses, public lands, it would allow them to keep the animals bunched and then allow them to continue to move them on in a way that would mimic the four-legged predators that kept that cycle going, for example, in Africa.    One of the things we do is through our own Department of Labor rules, we have a one-size-fits-all regulation that prevents it from being economically viable to hire herders to be out with livestock on the open range or in forests, and so we can even look at our own Department of Labor regulations as a way to exempt cattle herding, sheep herding from one-size-fits-all, more urban-focused Department of Labor regulations. That's just one example.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Lummis. I thank the gentleman.    And now I want to ask each of you to spend 5 minutes with concluding about questions that you wish you would have been asked but weren't, statements that you want on the record for policymakers, but among those, I would like you to address whether you believe that Federal policymakers could experiment with some of the techniques that you see as improving grassland health in a way that could be replicated on the larger Federal landscape. In other words, are there demonstration projects that you can point to that have been done thus far that we might be able to use as examples for pilot projects on Federal lands? And in doing so, I want to thank you both so much for being here.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Shelton, is recognized first.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Shelton.    Ms. Schwartz, you are recognized to respond as well with my gratitude for your being here.    Mrs. Lummis. Well, I cannot express enough my gratitude that you both traveled all this way and prepared testimony and have presented your thoughts to this committee and for the record.    This is the beginning of a dialogue. We are now 15, 16 years into this 21st century and have a long way to go to absorb and understand the scientific growth that you understand and how to use it for the betterment of the land and water resources that you have discussed today.    So you've enlightened the discussion. I hope this is the first of many opportunities for Congress to begin to use the information that you have provided today to produce on-the-ground results that will allow us to hand our children and our children's children a better landscape and better understanding of how to manage it.    So I wanted to thank you both for the work you do in this area and for taking the time to appear before this committee today to enlighten this discussion.    If there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.