    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Harris, it is good to see you here again.    My question is actually for General Scaparrotti. It has to do with the Army's ARI and how that is going to affect the combat aviation brigades in Korea. In Korea, the Army will be relying on rotational forces if this ARI is complete, as opposed to a CAB that is stationed there.    The National Commission on the Future of the Army recommended keeping a CAB permanently assigned to the peninsula, because short-term rotations--and I am quoting--``short-term rotations will not permit aviation units the time needed to properly mitigate risks posed by the threat situation in Korea, and, specifically, rotating units will not have time to master the geographic and environmental conditions well enough to operate effectively and safely in the region.''    Obviously, Korea is a country with numerous terrain and extreme weather conditions. Our aviation crews will have to be able to operate in all sorts of environments, and they are, but a permanently assigned unit there will be better able to handle and maintain proficiency.    Permanently stationing a CAB in Korea would come with a significant upfront price tag as well as enduring costs. So, despite the operational concerns, the fiscal reality is that it just might not be realistic. Your written testimony lays out an array of complex threats that we face on the peninsula. So I think that, despite the cost, it is worth discussing.    As a commander, which force structure--a rotational force or a permanently stationed combat aviation brigade--do you feel best enables you to meet the threats and operational needs in the peninsula?    General Scaparrotti. Thank you for the question.    We have a permanently stationed combat aviation brigade there now, and there is discussion about perhaps going to a rotational one. I completely agree with the commission in terms of this is an environment that is difficult to fly in, mountainous, weather. It is an environment that they also have to fly in close proximity to an adversary that will shoot at them.    Ms. Duckworth. Right.    General Scaparrotti. And, third, we have mission sets there that are joint in nature. We do a lot of work with our air and our naval forces off the coast. And as a result of that, it is very difficult to get pilots to that level of proficiency, come into the peninsula, and, in a 9-month rotation, be able to sustain that, because some of that simply has to be done on the peninsula after they arrive.    And because of that, I have said that I do not agree with a rotational force in Korea. I think it will produce a less-ready force, and also, it will be more dangerous for our crews.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    Do you think politically--well, for our allied militaries, do you think a rotational force will signal to the ROK a decrease in U.S. commitment to the region's defenses? Is there a perception on their side that switching to rotational force would give them?    General Scaparrotti. Well, I think the key to this is what force you do rotate and their readiness when they arrive. For instance, I agree with the forces that we rotate today. We are now rotating an armored brigade, for instance, and the ROKs are fully in support of this. But our commitment is that we deliver one that is combat-ready, fully manned, and also has been trained culturally for that environment. That is something that we have to do.    And I think as long as--I know for the Republic of Korea--as long as we meet that commitment, they will be supportive of using a rotational force. Now, I think there is a certain base that we have there that is permanent, and we have got to maintain that. You couldn't go to a larger percentage of that rotational force. I personally wouldn't be in support of that. But for the specific needs that we have today that we have asked for a rotational force, it has been productive.    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Great. Thank you.    I want to transfer onto whether or not the Korean wartime operational control transfer is ever going to really happen. You know, we have pushed this off. Do you think they will ever be ready? Are there conditions that need to be in place, metrics that we are looking for?    General Scaparrotti. First, yes, they will be ready. They are a modern force, and they are working hard to, one, improve their capabilities but also build the capabilities they need. In the OPCON transition plan that was--again, another step was taken that in October between the two Secretaries, we have laid out in detail the capabilities that they have to meet, and we are now working on the next layer of that that provides the timelines on each of those capabilities.    Generally, we have agreed on those in the past. We are confirming those this year, and they are already working on most of those as well. So, yes, I think there will be an OPCON transition. I, too, believe that it should be conditional, not time based. And in the closed session, I can talk in a little more detail on the commitments that we have mutually made to ensure that we can bring that about.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you. I look forward to that classified briefing.    The Chairman. Admiral, Mr. O'Rourke made a passing reference to Russia. We see increasing Russia in Europe, in the Middle East. Are you seeing that in the behavior of their ships and planes and so forth?