    Mr. Sullivan. Sorry about the Flyers this year, although they made it.    Mr. Sullivan. Chairman Turner, Ranking Member Sanchez, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me here to discuss our work on the F-35.    Let me begin by providing context for where we are today on the F-35 by briefly revisiting the past. As we all know, the program's overall cost has nearly doubled at this point since the program began in 2001 and its dates for delivering initial capabilities have been significantly delayed.    No one would argue that these problems can be traced to decisions made then to start the program with little knowledge about technologies, designs, or capabilities needed for this fifth-generation fighter aircraft.    A highly concurrent acquisition strategy over the next decade resulted in costly airframe redesigns and significant software and hardware design changes that cascaded onto the manufacturing floor and created more inefficiency.    In 2012, the program experienced a Nunn-McCurdy significant cost breach and the Department took significant action to bring realism to cost estimates, add resources to the program, and all in all establish a new baseline for cost and schedule moving forward.    So today the F-35 is on much firmer footing and is being managed in a way that has stabilized its cost. It is improving its ability to deliver aircraft more efficiently, and, most importantly, it remains the centerpiece of the Department's long-term tactical aircraft inventory and one of its highest priorities.    As we move into the future, it would be nice to be able to report that all risk is now behind the program. However, with around 40 percent of the developmental flight tests remaining, the program has already procured 179 F-35s and plans to add 339 more over the next 5 years for $50 billion, all before flight test is complete.    This concurrency between testing and buying more aircraft is risky. Recent problems with airframe durability testing and the engine, continued delays to software development and testing with the most complex portions of that software development yet to come, and other competing national security priorities which will take funding as well, all add to the significant risk that remains and will be needed to be managed very carefully.    The recent unanticipated engine and bulkhead failures are prime examples of the program's ongoing struggle with concurrency and the cost and schedule risk it brings. Programs in developmental testing should expect to encounter discoveries that require design changes, just as Dr. Gilmore stated.    However, in a concurrent testing and procurement environment, the destabilizing effects of these tests discoveries are amplified as more systems are produced and delivered, thus requiring costly design changes, retrofits, and rework.    Given these ongoing challenges, it is important that the program, the Department, and the Congress fully understand the implications of increasing F-35 procurement rates in the near term in order to make informed funding decisions.    In our estimation, the Department should provide answers to three critical questions:    First, are major test discoveries and design changes behind the program, given that testing of more complex software and capabilities still lies ahead?    Second, has the contractor's manufacturing capability and industrial base progressed enough to meet the proposed increased production rates?    And, third, is the program's current procurement plan affordable when viewed within the context of competing fiscal priorities both within and outside of the Department?    Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, that concludes my oral statement. I would be pleased to respond to any questions.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes. I think there is two separate things. There is the cost estimate on the program, which is approaching $400 billion. I think that is in control.    The software issues we are talking about are going to add cost on the margins, I believe. It is mostly an issue of risk, of being able to do what they say they are going to do.    The affordability issue, from our point of view, is the funding profile that this program--that the Congress, quite frankly, is looking at over the next 20 years just for acquisition, just for--development cost is coming down now. I think development cost will be done in 3 or 4 years.    But over the next 10 or 15 years, this program is going to come to the Congress every year with--we mentioned today it is $10 billion for this fiscal year. That will get up to $15 billion in a few years, and it is going to average $12.5 billion beyond the foreseeable future.    What typically happens is that past programs that begin to run into these kind of funding issues--usually, at some point, if other national priorities have to be taken care of, there is a lot of big weapon systems that are vying for the funding. The Navy and the Army and the Air Force has its own. The tanker is one. Long-range strike is one.    Something has to give, and a lot of times it is quantities. You know, you get to a point--the F-22 is an example where they wanted to buy 750 and the funding profile was so straining that they wound up having to cut quantities.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes. I was just talking about the acquisition cost. Now, when you include the total ownership cost or the operation and support cost, which is right now estimated anywhere from $850 billion to a trillion dollars over 30 years, that is cost on top of that.    So some of this discussion about ALIS is interesting. Because one of the things that the Joint Strike Fighter was supposed to be able to do was have a lot of commonality across a variance and reduce a footprint, and it hasn't really come out that way. There were a lot of technologies they were counting on early in this program that I don't think they have been able to achieve.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, I think, you know, speaking as one of the agencies that does oversight on this, I have a lot of confidence in the program manager and the services to be able to deliver a very, very safe aircraft.    And I think that this committee is a part of all of that. It is very important. GAO oversight is important. And it maybe was not as good as it should have been back in those days, and that is one thing that--I think this committee, the Congress, and DOT and even GAO are very important to the process.