    Mr. Perlmutter. Colorado. Colorado.    Mr. Perlmutter. Colorado.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for holding this Committee hearing, and to you two gentlemen, thank you for being here again. These are very important assets of the United States, as Mr. Loudermilk said, you know, dealing with life, limb and property as well as science, and, you know, I think I mentioned the last time you were here, I've been working on this since 2009 and 2010 with NPOESS, and what I'd like to do is just sort of go back to basics and understand the structure, the decision-making structure here.    So I come from a construction family, and with respect to JPSS and the GOES systems, am I correct when I look at it as NOAA is the owner, NASA is sort of the general contractor, and then the private companies, the Lockheed's, the Ball's, the Orbital ATK's are in effect the subcontractors? Is that a fair way to describe this? And this is to both of you. So Dr. Volz?    Mr. Perlmutter. Mr. Powner?    Mr. Perlmutter. Well, the reason I'm asking that question is because whether it was NPOESS or now GOES and JPSS, there is a little separation between NOAA as the owner/architect, if you will, and the general contractor, NASA. Before it was NOAA and the Air Force. And we've had--I mean, obviously we wouldn't be here if we weren't having some delays and some hiccups in how these things are proceeding, and sometimes I feel like NOAA, you know, gets hammered when in fact it's really been either the Air Force or NASA that has caused some of the hiccups, and they're not sitting here today. Am I mistaken in that at all?    Mr. Perlmutter. Well, let me tell you where I'm going with this because I'll run out of time.    You know, as a Coloradan, we were disappointed when Ball didn't get the follow-ons in the JPSS program. NASA was the acquisition point person or point agency, and obviously the contractor there. What I'm concerned about is just as Mr. Powner was saying, you know, the Navy has a very good system of building submarines. You know, they really do have an assembly-line approach. And given the fact that we've had these delays, Dr. Volz, more to you but also to Mr. Powner, I mean, shouldn't we be trying to do something like that with these satellites so that you can get them done in a way that's timely, that's well tested? Am I making a mistake here?    Mr. Perlmutter. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.