    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to our distinguished guests today.    Is there anything to prohibit a person from voluntarily paying a union fee?    Mr. Bishop. So if they wanted to join a union and get those benefits, they could do that voluntarily?    Mr. Bishop. I am from Michigan, so all of this I take very personally. We are a labor state. We are a proud labor state. For many years, Detroit was the arsenal of democracy. And we did very well back in the day. And then came about 2000 to 2010 where Michigan hit a significant downturn. Everything turned upside down. Jobs fled, people fled. We were one of the only states in the union that actually lost population. And we would have lost more if the housing market wasn't so bad. People couldn't sell their houses; locked in place. And we shed jobs, especially in the manufacturing sector.    About 2010, the people of our state said enough is enough, they kicked out our former governor, brought in a whole new group of leaders who made some really tough decisions from 2010 until now. One of those decisions was right-to-work. And if you had told me 10 years ago that Michigan would be a right-to-work, I would have told you, you are crazy.    But everything you are telling me is completely contrary to my experience. Michigan has completely turned around. It is not just because of right-to-work. It is because of a lot of other things. But our unemployment rate is now 5.4 percent. And all those union workers that used to be involved in the union, who can now voluntarily belong the that union, are working again. And instead of being forced out of the state and being displaced, they are now working again.    And to me, the decisions that were made, although tough and contrary to our history in terms of the culture of the state, made a difference. So my experience is different. So when you tell me these statistics, I can't believe what I am hearing.    But I would like to know, Governor Ricketts, I hope if you could just--and I would like to talk to Mr. Hewitt too and his experience as well. And I appreciate your being here. Because we need your testimony, as well.    Put your executive hat back on again. Help me out here. Governor Snyder in the state of Michigan is trying to attract new business. How does right-to-work help your state? Can you give us some information? We just heard that it--there are some--some businesses that want the right to--or want a union environment. How does right-to-work help your state?    Governor Ricketts. Sure. I think fundamentally what right-to-work does is it is about freedom. It is about the opportunity to choose. And so when companies and employees are thinking about that right, they want to have the most optionality they can, or the greatest ability to choose.    Certainly, in my experience in the real world, it is a competitive advantage. We made decisions about where we were going to expand based upon that absolute fact. And so, you know, that was kind of the first question. If you are not a right-to-work state, none of the other things are gonna matter. We are not even gonna check you.    You know, we are not gonna look to see what your workforce is like, we are not gonna look the see what your roads and infrastructure is like if you are not right-to-work. We have got plenty of other states that are right-to-work that we can go find those similar types of things. And that is where we are gonna look to expand.    So that is a huge competitive advantage for any company located in a state that is a right-to-work state to be able to draw--you know, to have. And why it is an advantage with states to draw those companies in or to look to get companies to expand there. I think it allows people to have more freedom, more flexibility.    And again, it gets back the choice. You know, again, my experience in Nebraska is the people in Nebraska overwhelmingly support this. They have for almost 70 years. And it is one of the things that we certainly looked for when I had my executive hat on. And now, as governor, I am looking to make sure that we continue to retain that; that the NLRB doesn't do--undercut that rule so that we can continue to try to attract jobs to our state. And we do have the lowest unemployment rate in the country and one of the highest--we do have an above national average workforce participation rate, as well.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Governor.    And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.