    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I would like to welcome today's panel to this hearing.    Flooding is one of the main threats that climate change poses to coastal states, including the Northern Mariana Islands, the district I represent. Flooding could threaten our freshwater lens that protects the drinking water on our islands. Flooding, which affects subsistence farming, has impacted taro patches because taro cannot be planted in saltwater. The archipelago's coral reefs, wetlands, and shoreline vegetation help protect our coast. Flooding and ocean acidification puts them all at risk.    Tourism is a major part of our economy. People come from all over the world to bask on our shores and see our coral reefs. Garapan is one of the most popular tourism areas. It is also one of, if not the most low-lying and vulnerable area on the island of Saipan. American Memorial Park on Saipan is at risk of increasing sea level rise.    If flooding and ocean acidification undermine such a prominent part of our economy, we do not have many other economic options in our small islands. Climate change is very real to my constituents and my son and me, and it is happening now.    And to those who deny the science of climate change, including those in today's panel, then please come join me and I will bring you to a place that has the physical evidence of rising seas.    The traditional cost-benefit analysis that accompanies many Federal rules necessarily leaves out some of the most important factors. The cost of property damage from floods, for example, is left out. The enormous economic impact of loss of agricultural productivity is also left out. The loss of our wetlands, our coral, and our beaches, which are so central to our economy and our livelihoods, are left out.    The social cost of carbon tries to correct that. It incorporates many of the very real costs that we, all levels of government, and other communities are already paying to deal with the effects of climate change.    In the case of climate change, so many of these things that are historically omitted from a cost-benefit analysis are the things that affect those at the margins first and worst. When agricultural productivity goes down and food prices go up, low-income communities are hit the hardest. When jobs are lost from tourism, the lowest income folks often have the fewest options. When drinking water becomes more rare and more expensive, those without means suffer the most.    And if these important impacts are omitted from cost-benefit analyses, they do not exist in the eyes of decisionmakers. Bringing these impacts into the process paints a more complete picture for decisionmakers of the impacts of their decisions. It makes these impacts visible, and failing to do so leaves those at the margins behind.    I want to thank Dr. Patrick Michaels for his candor on this subject. In a talk in June on the social cost of carbon at the Heritage Foundation, he said, and I quote, ``People adapt to their environment as long as they have enough money to do so.''    I don't know whether Dr. Michaels thinks it is acceptable to rely on adaptation as a primary way of dealing with climate change, and in so doing, leave behind the millions that do not have enough money to adapt. I certainly do not.    We need the social cost of carbon to reflect the full range of the true cost of climate change, the costs that are being borne already. Incorporating the social cost of carbon into decisionmaking increases the chances of an effective policy response. It is a small but necessary act of justice. That is true not just for my community, but for communities through the United States.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.