    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Administrator McCarthy----    Mr. Moolenaar. --thanks for being here with us.    First of all, I want to commend you. You apologized for the rule, the racing vehicle rule. You heard the feedback from stakeholders. You withdrew the rule, and you responded very promptly, and I want to--you know, I actually have a business in my district that really--that would have basically put them out of business, and so I want to thank you for that, first of all.    Now, I want to tell you about another rule that has people in my district very concerned, farmers, property owners, home builders. That's the Waters of the U.S. Rule, and I would say that the EPA's approach, that has been very different when you consider that 32 states are suing the federal government over this, where the goal was to offer clarity and clearly that has not happened. I feel that the stakeholders involved in that are still very concerned about it, and I'm sure you hear from them, although I am also concerned about some of the, you know, social media efforts to promote the rule, lobby for the rule, if you will, that didn't give you really very accurate feedback, and I know your goal has been to clarify aspects of the Clean Water Act but I would suggest that rather than what happened before where I commended you, this has been just the opposite, and it has added further confusion. And are you hearing that from people?    Mr. Moolenaar. Well, I think it's pretty strong indication when a majority of Congress has voted to disapprove of the rule and 32 states are suing over that rule so I don't know if there's anything you can do to rescind it or modify it at this point but I would encourage you to reach out to the stakeholders to do something new on that because it's still more confusion and more concern throughout Michigan.    Mr. Moolenaar. Well, I don't-    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay. Well, I would just encourage you to reach back out and see what----    Mr. Moolenaar. --can be done. I know there's a company, and you may have heard about this, that has been working for 30 years to get a 404 CWA permit. Are you familiar with the ESG companies?    Mr. Moolenaar. They recently testified in the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, and the vice president stated that the EPA is working to change the rules again with the regulation, WOTUS, that would redefine the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. They are trying to accomplish this by adding new terms, definitions and interpretations of federal authority over private property that are more subjective and provide them with greater discretionary latitude, and you know, I'm just concerned that that may be an indication of what other companies are experiencing, and I think you know that Justice Kennedy stated that the region's systemic consequences of the Clean Water Act remain a cause of concern. So I would just again encourage you to revisit this.    I've only got a minute left, but I also want to talk to you about Flint because--and I had hoped that there might be some Democrats here who would want to, you know--because I know there was significant interest a while back from the Democrats on what happened in Flint, and----    Mr. Moolenaar. Well, and you know, is the water in Flint safe to drink?    Mr. Moolenaar. And then do you--I mean, in hindsight, do you wish you would have listened to Miguel del Toral, who kind of raised this issue almost a year in advance before the EPA took action to address the problem? I mean, he's an EPA employee, and at some point people weren't listening to him.    Mr. Moolenaar. And do you feel----    Mr. Moolenaar. A while back you told me that you believed the EPA Region 5 Administrator, Susan Hedman, was a hero.    Mr. Moolenaar. My sense is that she should have been the one on point listening to the employee who was raising these concerns and taking action. I don't consider that heroic, and I guess I'm wondering if in hindsight that should have been addressed at the region level.    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.