    Mr. BRAT. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing today. I think it is very interesting. I did my Ph.D. in economic growth, and part of the subtitle of this hearing, we have not talked much about economic growth. And so I think that is interesting to bring up now in some respects.    The people of my District Virginia 7 say Dodd-Frank is a huge burden on their businesses. I have a small business short-term lender in Culpepper, Virginia, that expects to be driven out of business by the expected CFPB rule. Chairman Rice and Ranking Member Chu, I have a letter from that constituent, Brandon Payne, as well as testimony he provided to members of the CFPB Small Business Advisory Review Panel, and I would like to request that this be inserted into the hearing record.    Mr. BRAT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Payne's check cashing provides valued service to people without other options. CFPB is trying to eliminate this market, and I think we have heard similar testimony from the folk with us here today. The gentlemen in business here, I mean, I hear Ms. Gordon at the end of the table from the government and the regulators saying that they are trying to make your life easier. And you guys in economics are called the data points; right? So it does not get any more real. You are the data. What do you have to say to the government in terms of them making your life easier? It seems to me you are giving Ms. Gordon some very clear testimony on how the regulations are hurting people, and yet, we are kind of talking by each other. And so there has to be some give and take. And so I will pose that question to you in a minute.    I want to get to the economic growth piece also. In Econ 101, you get a nice graph at the beginning of your textbook that has got robots on it and pizza down on the other. Right? One is an investment good and one is a consumer good. And that is your first chart you learn because it has to do with economic growth. And so as a society, you can either invest in robots and grow in the future, or have a pizza party. And this country has been having a pizza party for a few decades now and our growth rate is suffering because of it.    I think on that graph you can also juxtapose, instead of having robots and pizza, you can have robots and three-ring binders. And so when I studied economic growth, growth in its simplest form and at the cross-country level is usually a function of capital stock, human capital, education. You can measure that in some ways. R&D you can throw in there, something like that. And technology. And you can throw labor in there. Right?    So growth is caused by those things. Now, I am trying to get the government to understand, and maybe you guys can help me make this argument, but when you are hiring employees to read through three-ring binders and do all the regulatory burden, you are not hiring someone else with human capital that can help you get capital and technology, et cetera, to grow the economy and grow your firm. I think that is about as straightforward a way as I can put it.    And then the expert on regulation says what you guys should be doing. I wrote you should be, you know, if you small business people were more clever, you would be doing more marketing and technology and taking risks, et cetera. And so that is our guidance from the regulators, is that you guys, you know, you should be doing more marketing and technology and taking risks. But I am trying to show this tradeoff, that if you are constantly buying three-ring binders and people to go through three-ring binders day after day after day, you cannot hire the person in marketing, and you cannot hire the person in technology, and you are going to be reluctant to take risks.    So Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Eagerton, can you tell us how profound is the impact on your businesses when you have to pay for this regulatory thing? And speak to Ms. Gordon and the regulators so they get a sense of, hey, this is real. There is a real tradeoff that is hurting us, and we are going to go out of business.    Mr. BRAT. Oh, good.    Mr. BRAT. Yep. Pretty simple.    Mr. BRAT. So they are not moving. Right.    Mr. MITCHELL.--to grow the economy.    Mr. BRAT. Do you buy that, Mr. Eagerton?    Mr. BRAT. Thank you guys very much. Thank you.