    Mr. Ellison. Mr. Secretary, thank you very much.    And let me also thank the chairman and the ranking member.    We have spent a lot of time today--and I have tried to watch the proceedings on TV, given that we have so many things happening at the same time around here--talking about single-family portfolio.    But I would like to ask you to offer your views on the multifamily portfolio and how you believe it has performed and why its performance is important for housing in America.    Mr. Ellison. Right.    Mr. Ellison. Thank you very much for that.    And I just want to mention that we have sort of a historic spike in the number of people who are spending significantly more than a third of their income in rent. And, of course, what does that do? That means less food, less other things that the family needs. And so, I certainly appreciate the role that FHA has played in this area.    Also, I would like, if you would, to discuss FHA's requirement to hold reserves that cover claims over a 30-year period. How does that compare to the Financial Accounting Standards Board's requirements for reserves, the need to be held by private financial institutions? And are you aware of any other Federal loan program that has such a stringent accounting requirement?    Mr. Ellison. So, apples to apples.    Mr. Ellison. Yes.    So I also just, kind of, want to make this comment. I represent the Fifth Congressional District of Minnesota. All of us here have to represent our districts, although we have a national purview, too, as well. And there are about 113,000 homes with mortgages in the Fifth District, and more than half are FHA-insured. And I don't think these families I represent would say that they are subprime borrowers.    I just want to just make the point, and I think it is important to say, that FHA has in the past and does play a very important role. And I know that this is the place where we argue over these things all the time, but I just think that, as you have to deal with the criticism and the counter point of views, that there are some people who really appreciate the role that FHA has played and HUD has played.    And, also, in terms of just making sure that diverse communities get a chance to have homeownership, FHA has insured loans to a high percentage of African-American and Latino communities. I wonder, would you care to comment on your work in that area?    Mr. Ellison. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.