    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, thank you for taking the time to be here. I had a few areas that I would like to be able to try and cover.    Mr. Tipton. The first area would be in regards to the prepaid card proposed rules that you have and my understanding under the Bureau's proposal. I would like to ask how many separate disclosures would a card issuer have to make to a customer?    Mr. Tipton. Yes.    Mr. Tipton. So how many is it going to be--three or four disclocures?    Mr. Tipton. No, I am just trying to find out--    Mr. Tipton. And what about on the inside. That somebody is going to pay for that--    Mr. Tipton. --it is not a ``gotcha'' thing. I am just trying to figure out how many you are requiring.    Mr. Tipton. I guess the information we had; it could be up to three disclosures, depending on the State and their State law. Would that be fairly accurate?    Mr. Tipton. I guess, kind of, my point on this and a little follow up to maybe some of the previous line of questioning here is--    Mr. Tipton. You are talking about simplifying it, trying to make it understandable.    By your own words, you just made comments that people were confused. They didn't understand. But you are putting in more disclosures. We have long forms. We have short forms.    Mr. Tipton. And, I guess, basically, is that really simplifying the process?    Mr. Tipton. Thanks for that.    I am new to the committee, and on February 12th, I happened to write down what the national debt was, and from February 12th to today, we have seen that rise over $31 billion.    And it is pretty much my sense that whether it is by fee or by appropriation, the ultimate payer is hardworking folks in my district who are frankly struggling right now to be able to keep a roof over their head and to be able to make some of those car loans that have been discussed.    But we are looking over some of the expenditures that you have made through the CFPB and it is my understanding that you have spent over $60 million in business management, is that relatively close?    Mr. Tipton. That is what--    Mr. Tipton. --you are building Washington.    Mr. Tipton. Yes. Tell me, what is ``business management?'' That is kind of a nondescript sort of a term to spend $60 million on.    Mr. Tipton. So this infrastructure is included in your business management?    Mr. Tipton. I think that would be in those sorts of things.    Those all come into play as well.    Mr. Tipton. And just for my own edification, even though you have been in business just a short period of time.    Mr. Tipton. Do you have any former CFPB employees who are now working for some of these business management groups?    Mr. Tipton. Okay. Would that be a conflict of interest? Is there any kind of a delay period on that?    Mr. Tipton. Great. I appreciate the clarity on that.    Mr. Tipton. I yield back.