    Mr. Lewis. Thank you, Chairman Walden and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of the Gila River Indian Community. I also want to again thank Chairman Walden and Mr. Lujan for visiting the community, as you just heard, to see firsthand the obstacles that tribes face in deploying broadband. And I want to thank Ranking Member Eshoo and Mr. Lujan for their request to have the Government Accounting Office, the GAO, look into the challenges and barriers to deployment on tribal lands.    Our broadband provider is Gila River Telecommunications Incorporated, which we refer to as GRTI. It was founded in 1988 and is wholly owned by our community. Our reservation is approximately 372,000 acres. We have more than 20,000 members and almost 12,000 community members living on our reservation. When we first purchased the exchange from Mountain Bell in 1988, only 10 percent of our residents had access to basic phone service. More, those looking to get connected had to pay tens of thousands of dollars before Mountain Bell would install a party line connection.    Today, GRTI offers phone service to 100 percent of our residents, and 84 percent of the residents subscribe. We also offer broadband service across the reservation. We are very proud of GRTI's success.    GRTI along with the National Tribal Telecommunications Association work together to raise awareness about the unique challenges for deploying broadband on tribal lands. Tribal lands are the least served areas in the country. Approximately 48 percent of tribal lands in the lower 48 States lack access to speeds of 10 down, one up, and 68 percent lack access to 25 down, 3 up.    There are a number of obstacles that present challenges to broadband deployment on tribal lands, and I have set those out with more detail in my written testimony, but I would like to summarize them for you here.    First, population density is an obstacle. The Gila River, for example, is at 20 persons per square mile. Maricopa County, which is adjacent to the reservation, has approximately 414 persons per square mile. Rugged terrain, characterized by mountains and hard soil, is also typical of tribal lands. Low median income and high rates of poverty on most reservations present a severe challenge for the delivery of broadband. The median income on our reservation is $24,000 to $59,000 in Arizona. Approximately 48 percent of the persons living on the reservation live below the poverty level compared to 15 percent for Arizona. These economic circumstances are not unique to our tribal community.    Failed Federal policies from the past continue to negatively impact many tribes. Our community and others like it continue to struggle with the failed policy of allotment. Because of the allotment policy, obtaining rights-of-way in order to deploy broadband is complex and raises costs substantially and delays deployment.    Finally, access to capital is a barrier. Tribal lands cannot be leveraged as collateral for securing loans because they are held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the tribe. Thus, private capital is often not available, meaning the only lender available is the Federal Government, specifically, the Rural Utilities Service. RUS loans were critical to GRTI when it took over its service area and remains critical as a Warms Springs tribe in Oregon can attest.    The combination of these challenges has resulted in GRTI's average cost per loop being over $2,873. Because tribal nations face many unique challenges, we often need unique solutions. Having tribes at the table and engaging in Government-to-Government consultation is critical. Too often, Federal policies have unintended consequences on tribes because we weren't properly consulted in the beginning.    The current effort to reform the Universal Service Fund is a good example. USF is, when properly scoped, a critically important source of funding that can help make it possible to deploy broadband to our reservations.    Tribes have offered a proposal that will target specific support to tribal lands through a Tribal Broadband Factor that could be added to proposals for a standalone broadband fund. Inclusion of this Tribal Broadband Factor would promote the targeted use of Universal Service Funding to advance the policy objective of ensuring that broadband is made available to all Americans including those living on tribal lands.    The FCC's Office of Native American Affairs and Policy has been a welcome addition to the Commission's outreach efforts to ensure that tribes are included in the development of proposals to deploy more broadband but sometimes the FCC forgets about tribes. That is why we appreciate the letter sent to the FCC from a broadband group of members of this committee, reminding the commission that tribal leaders need a seat at the table.    I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you today and hope to be an ongoing resource for the committee. Thank you.    Mr. Lewis. Thank you for that question, and first of all, I would like to recognize that I have two of my council members here, Councilman Devin Redbird and Councilwoman Caroline Williams, and also from our GRTI, Gila River Telecommunications, Belinda Nelson and Pamela Thomas from the Gila River Community.    Mr. Lewis. Thank you. And I would say that one critical issue is rights-of-way, and you know, rights-of-way is a challenge where it is a complex issue. It has to do with the nature of tribal land. It goes back, as I said, to the allotment policy that has a devastating effect on tribal lands, and so the short answer is that GRTI in regards to rights-of-way, if they do not get rights-of-ways, we have to build around it, and of course, that costs--it is very capital-intensive, and so we either have to move to another route or where we can in some cases have to build a wireless link to go over the right-of-way, and obviously this is pretty costly as compared to trenching through an established right-of-way, but sometimes this is our only course of action. That is an issue that, you know, we really need to look at.    Another is the ETC designation process, which is overly complicated, and so streamlining of that ETC designation process would be welcome to many tribes.    Mr. Lewis. Thank you, Congressman Pallone, and you are always welcome at the Gila River Indian Community.    And with USF funding, stable funding mechanisms are critical to businesses like GRTI and those in Indian Country where they have to develop deployment plans and rely on Federal funding sources to be there to begin with. Now, our U.S. funding is critical as well for providing funding for infrastructure buildout, and that is critical to the long-term sustainability of these telecommunications providers in Indian County.    Mr. Lewis. Yes, we are.    Mr. Lewis. That is critical to the overall business plan of Gila River Telecommunications. You know, they rely on that source of income moving forward. It is critical to the long-term business outlook. And also in regards to long-term capital buildout as well.    Mr. Lewis. Federal lands in Indian Country, that has been a long issue in regards to, you know, our unique situation as Indian tribes and the nature of Indian land in regards to highly fractionated land interest that, you know, are just so critical and sometimes are one of the major obstacles to buildout in regarding to getting right-of-ways. If we can somehow streamline that process through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, through the Department of Interior, that would greatly help out tribal infrastructure buildout in the future.