    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. Mr. Cleaver managed to make it through our Washington traffic here and has joined us. So let's call the subcommittee to order.    The Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance will come to order. Today's hearing is entitled, ``How to Create a More Robust and Private Flood Insurance Marketplace.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Before we begin today, I would like to thank the witnesses for appearing today. I look forward to your testimony.    And I now recognize myself for 2\1/2\ minutes to give an opening statement.    Flooding has devastated large areas of my home State of Missouri as well as the neighboring State of Illinois, tragically claiming lives and causing millions of dollars of damage. In the past several months, we have seen similar situations from South Carolina to southern California. Unfortunately, these are not isolated incidents. Flooding continues to be the most prevalent natural disaster in the United States. As communities in Missouri and across the Nation begin to put their lives back together, it is fitting that this subcommittee continues to examine flood insurance and the current construct of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). Yesterday, this subcommittee held a hearing to discuss the state of flood insurance in America.    Last week, I convened a roundtable discussion on flood mapping. What has become evident is that total reliance on insurance coverage for the NFIP is inadequate. Members agree across party lines that policyholders, communities, and taxpayers deserve better. One of the first steps toward reform is to allow policyholders to access market-based flood insurance policies.    H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act of 2015, introduced by the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, and the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Murphy, would allow for greater consumer choice and private market participation. It does so under the close supervision of the State Insurance Commissioners, the foundation of the regulatory system we have worked in an overwhelming bipartisan fashion to protect. By removing the ambiguity around what qualifies as acceptable flood insurance, property owners will be assured of greater options and flexibility in their choice of policies. Providing private competition to the publicly administered NFIP will also promote competition in markets which have previously been underserved.    I owe it to my constituents back in Missouri, and to all Americans who have suffered from flood damage, to create a program for flood insurance that is stable, accessible, and cost-effective.    Before I yield to the ranking member, I ask unanimous consent to insert into the record letters on H.R. 2901 from the NAIC, PCI, AIA, NAMIC, NAPSLO, the Big ``I,'' CIAB, the National Association of Professional Insurance Agents, the Financial Services Roundtable, the SmarterSafer Coalition, the Reinsurance Association of America, the National Association of REALTORS, MBA, ABA, and the National Multifamily Housing Council and the National Apartment Association. As you can see, there is wide support across the industry spectrum for this alternative to our present system.    Without objection, it is so ordered.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back. With that, the Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, for 2\1/2\ minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back.    With that, we want to begin our testimony, and we welcome all of the panelists today: Ms. Teresa Miller, Commissioner, Pennsylvania State Insurance Department, testifying on behalf of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; Mr. Steven Bradshaw, Executive Vice President, Standard Mortgage, on behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association; Mr. Brad Kelley, Executive Director, National Association of Professional Surplus Lines Offices; and Mr. Birny Birnbaum, Executive Director, Center for Economic Justice.    Each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, your written statements will be made a part of the record. Just a quick primer on the lighting system: green means go; when you get to yellow, you have one minute to wrap up; and when it turns red, I am the one who has the last word. So we will hopefully stop there shortly thereafter.    With that, I want to recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, to introduce our first witness.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. With that, Ms. Miller, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Ms. Miller.    Mr. Bradshaw, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Bradshaw.    Mr. Kelley, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Kelley.    And Mr. Birnbaum, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Mr. Birnbaum, can you wrap this up quickly? You are over--    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Birnbaum.    We will begin our questioning. And I will start off. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Miller, you made a comment a while ago with regards to the GSEs being able to regulate insurance versus the private market, which would have to be overseen by you. Can you explain what you are talking about there a little bit, because I think it is a key point of what we are looking at this morning with regards to regulatory oversight.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. So basically, what you are saying is the GSEs are usurping your authority to be able to oversee and qualify the different policies of the private sector? Is that what you were just saying?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Bradshaw, you talked a little bit about some of the folks who were not covered by flood insurance, especially in Katrina. And you sort of alluded to the fact that there is concern there because flood affects a lot of people beyond the floodplain. So would you consider--or are you alluding to the fact that you would like to see everybody required to have this, or that the lenders have more leeway in requiring people to have flood insurance, or did I misunderstand what you just said?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Kelley, Mr. Birnbaum made a statement a minute ago that caught my attention that surplus lines don't belong to the Guaranty Associations of States. Did I understand that statement correctly, Mr. Birnbaum? Did you make that statement?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. That is a very key point from the standpoint, I think, that surplus lines are where you look to be able to provide flood insurance. Is that the case, Mr. Kelley?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you. My time has expired.    I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cleaver from Missouri, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back. With that, I recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired. With that, we go to the gentlelady from California, the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired.    With that, we will go to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back.    With that, the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentlelady yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back.    With that, I recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Murphy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired.    We are going to go for a second round. I think everybody has maybe just one or two questions, so it shouldn't be too long. We do have votes coming up here shortly.    So, with that, we will go to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired.    With that, we will go to the ranking member, the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for some follow-ups.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back.    With that, I have just a couple of follow-ups.    Mr. Kelley, during the course of the discussion, you indicated that we have 1 percent of the policyholders who create 30 percent of the loss. Mr. Birnbaum has been talking about those guys and how do you adequately rate those folks, how do you fund them, how do you not fund them. His suggestion is you, through mitigation, take that 1 percent and reduce it down as much as you can, I guess.    So my question is, do you believe--because today we are talking about how we can shift from what we have now to a more private market solution. Do you believe that if you take that 1 percent out, the other 99 percent of the policies can actuarially be structured so that those 99 percent can afford the coverage and take care of that other 70 percent of the risk?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Because it would seem to me that would be a key point. Because if you have 1 percent causing 30 percent of the problems, that is the group that is causing your headaches. That is where your risk is. So if you can take the other 70 percent of the risk and divide it among the 99 percent of the policyholders, you would appear to me to be able to find a way to fund this that would be affordable.    So my next question would be, as someone who represents the industry and sees opportunity, how long do you think it would take for the market to transition from where we are to where they would be willing to take this 99 percent of the policyholder risk on?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. We have a transition period, but how long do you think it would take?    Number one, is there a willingness within your companies and the capacity to take this on in a 2-year, 5-year, 10-year, 20-year window? What would you anticipate being something that would be reasonable for the companies to be able to do their due diligence, get their mapping correct, get their modeling correct so that they could see where they could come in, make it a part of the homeowners policy, as Mr. Birnbaum suggested, which I, quite frankly, like? How long do you think it would take?    Because one of the concerns that we have as a committee is, if we are going to try to go from here to there, we need to have an idea time-wise. And the testimony today is very important to us to be able to do that. And I am not going to hold you to it, but it certainly gives us a guideline to begin discussions.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. What you are saying is eventually it would go into Mr. Birnbaum's model of being a part of the homeowners policy itself?    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you.    Let me yield to the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Mr. Bradshaw would like to respond.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Go ahead.    Chairman  Luetkemeyer. Just as a follow-up comment to Mr. Birnbaum's point, I think if you wind up with the private insurers trying to figure out what to do with the 1 percent and say you can incentivize that group for mitigation by saying if you do these things, we will drop your premium, and therefore you can have an impact in that way, I believe, as well.    So, it is a fantastic and a fascinating conversation we have had this morning. And I certainly want to thank all of the witnesses. You have answered a lot of the questions that we have had. You have given us a lot of food for thought. You have kind of broadened our scope of what we are trying to find here and trying to look to do.    Trying to see once how we restructure the program, what we can do, what the private sector is willing to do, how different innovations can be a part of this. Regulatory-wise how this can be overseen to make sure that the consumers are protected yet there is adequate provisions in policies that--to provide coverages that are real and meaningful. So, I thank all of you.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And with that, the hearing is adjourned.