    Mr. Hunter. The subcommittee will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request from the leaders of the Coast Guard, the Maritime Administration, and the Federal Maritime Commission.    This is our first hearing of the new Congress, so I want to take a moment and welcome back Ranking Member Garamendi, who will be here shortly, and thank him for working with me so well in the last Congress. I also want to welcome the new members of the subcommittee. I look forward to working with each of you over the next few years. We have two new members over here, on my right, and none on the other side.    The President sent Congress a budget that would increase spending by nearly $75 billion over the fiscal year 2016 spending cap. As a result, most Federal agencies are slated to receive generous increases in spending over current levels, including a nearly 20-percent increase for the Maritime Administration and a 7-percent increase for the Federal Maritime Commission. Yet, somehow, even with an additional $75 billion, the President still proposes to cut funding for the Coast Guard, this time by 4 percent below the current level.    The request would slash the Coast Guard's acquisition budget by 26 percent. The proposed level is at least $1 billion less than what is required to sustain the acquisition program of record. It will severely undermine efforts to recapitalize the Service's aging and failing legacy assets, increase acquisition costs for taxpayers, and seriously degrade mission effectiveness.    For the fourth year in a row, the administration is playing a reckless game. They propose a budget that cuts funding for the Coast Guard so they can pay for increases at other agencies, betting that Congress will somehow restore the millions of dollars needed to sustain Coast Guard acquisitions and frontline operations. Quite frankly, I'm getting tired of playing this game. Congress is running out of quarters. If the President is going to continue to propose these cuts year after year, he needs to tell us how he intends to rescope the missions of the Coast Guard to reflect his reduced budgets.    This is the first time Admiral Zukunft and Master Chief Cantrell appear before us. I want to commend both of you for your leadership and tremendous service to our Nation. I fully understand the situation they've been put in with this budget and I appreciate their candor in describing what these cuts will mean for the ability of the Service to successfully complete its missions.    I also understand the situation you face on Saturday if Congress does not act on a fiscal year 2015 budget for the Department of Homeland Security. I know there will be a lot of questions about the impact a shutdown or a CR may have on the Coast Guard, and I know you will answer them candidly. However, I want to remind everyone that the House passed a bill. It is now up to the Senate to act. Unfortunately, the Senate minority refuses to even allow a discussion or a debate on the floor. I hope they understand the urgency of this issue, and act as soon as possible.    The budget request for the Maritime Administration represents a nearly 20-percent increase over the current level. Much of the increase comes from a one-time payoff offered to the maritime industry in exchange for a permanent reduction in the number of U.S. mariner jobs carrying cargo under the hugely successful Food for Peace program.    Since 1954, the Food for Peace program has provided agricultural commodities grown by U.S. farmers and transported by U.S. mariners on U.S.-flagged vessels to those threatened by starvation throughout the world. Unfortunately, for the third year in a row, the President proposes to restructure the Food for Peace program. This misguided proposal will eliminate a vital program for our farmers, put U.S. mariners out of work, and undermine our national security by reducing the domestic sealift capacity on which our military depends.    Republicans and Democrats have repeatedly come together to vote down this flawed proposal. I hope my colleagues will join me once again in rejecting the President's proposal and work with me on efforts to strengthen our merchant marine. I look forward to hearing from the Administrator on how he intends to move forward with his efforts to revitalize the U.S.-flag fleet.    Finally, the budget request for the Federal Maritime Commission proposes a 7-percent increase in funding over current levels and a nearly 10-percent budget increase in the number of staff. While this budget increase amounts to less than $2 million, I think it sends the wrong signal. I encourage the Chairman to continue to find ways to operate the Commission as efficiently as possible.    Our Nation is facing a very tough budget climate and the President's unrealistic request only makes things harder. I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact a responsible budget.    With that, I yield to Ranking Member Garamendi, who is right on time.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the ranking member.    On our panel of witnesses today is Admiral Paul Zukunft--I am sorry, we have the ranking member of the full committee.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. And thank the gentleman for being here, too.    On our panel of witnesses today is Admiral Paul Zukunft, Commandant of the Coast Guard; Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard, Steven Cantrell; the Honorable Chip Jaenichen, Administrator of the Maritime Administration; and the Honorable Mario Cordero, Chairman of the Federal Maritime Commission.    Admiral, before I recognize you, I want to take a moment and thank you for your statement on the Jones Act. Your statement and your comments continue to prove that the Jones Act is critical to our economy, and is an important part of our national security.    I also see your wife Fran behind you, and I want to welcome her. And you are welcome to take his place at the table, if you like, too, at any point. We would enjoy that more.    So, thank you for coming, Admiral. You are now recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Admiral, would you mind pulling the mic closer to you? I have artillery ears, hard to hear.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Admiral, for your testimony.    Master Chief Cantrell, you are recognized.    Master Chief Cantrell. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and distinguished members of the committee. It is my honor and privilege to appear before you today to represent the dedicated men and women of your United States Coast Guard who stand the watch every day, protecting and serving our Nation. They are charged with maintaining operational excellence across a broad and diverse spectrum of 11 statutory missions, and across all 7 continents, from Antarctica to the Middle East, on the high seas and in our Nation's ports and waterways.    As I continue serving my first year as the Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard, I continue to be impressed by the dedication, professionalism, and innovation of Coast Guard men and women, and the support they receive from their families.    Performing our missions and conducting necessary training in a maritime environment is inherently dangerous. And our servicemembers operate in some of the harshest, most unforgiving environments imaginable. But our folks do this day in and day out, and they do it with a sense of devotion that is nothing short of spectacular. I offer two nearly simultaneous examples of the extraordinary devotion to duty and service to country.    Early on the morning of February 15th, an H-60 Jayhawk helicopter crew from Air Station Cape Cod fought near-hurricane force winds and limited visibility to rescue a father and son 150 miles off the coast of Nantucket. That same day, the crew of Coast Guard cutter Polar Star was called upon to rescue 26 crewmembers on an Australian fishing vessel that had been stranded for nearly 2 weeks in thick ice only a few hundred miles north of Antarctica. These cases are perfect examples of how an appropriately trained, well-focused, and properly equipped Coast Guard can excel in carrying out its missions.    As a leader, I have an absolute responsibility to equip, train, and care for our workforce and their families, with the understanding of the immense challenges my Service faces. We are doing all that we can do to be good stewards of our aging resources and limited funding, while we tend to the needs of our servicemembers and their families, who make so many other sacrifices.    We ask so much of our well-educated, innovative, and professional workforce, some of which are serving on assets older than their parents, supported by infrastructure older than their grandparents. We ask them to maintain these platforms at the expense of their own time, as well as time with their families. It is impossible to calculate that lost time in dollars and cents.    However, our newest asset, such as the National Security Cutters and Fast Response Cutters, are performing exceptionally well, and don't require these same sacrifices. I thank you for your continued support of our recapitalization efforts, despite these fiscal challenging times. Your support does make a difference, as these platforms are more capable, and contribute to the successful and efficient execution of our missions and our service to this Nation.    We continue to face challenges with housing, medical, and child care services. But, once again, we are grateful for the support from this committee, as we address these challenges, ensuring these resources remain a top priority in our ongoing efforts to support our military members and their families.    Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, on behalf of the men and women of your United States Coast Guard and their families, I thank you for your continued support, and thank you for the opportunity to discuss some of the highlights and challenges Coast Guard women and men face.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Master Chief. Are each of those stripes 4 years?    Master Chief Cantrell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hunter. You got 28 years?    Master Chief Cantrell. Thirty-one. I had another one, so----    Mr. Hunter. You got to wait 1 more year before you get the stripe?    Master Chief Cantrell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hunter. All right. Thank you very much.    Master Chief Cantrell. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Hunter. Administrator Jaenichen, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Administrator. I still find that number, 80-percent reduction in forces around the world, military forces since 1990, extremely interesting. Thank you, Administrator.    Chairman Cordero, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you for your testimony. Since we don't usually have a lot of people here--sometimes it is a party of two--we are going to go ahead and start with some of the new folks on the committee.    So, thank you all for your testimony, and I am going to recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Curbelo.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. The ranking member, Mr. Garamendi, is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentlelady. Mr. Graves is recognized.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just want to make note that in the 2 minutes I had the gavel I didn't even screw up, and I already got demoted.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Admiral, thank you very much for being here. It is great to see you again, and I enjoyed your State of the Coast Guard speech yesterday. Chief, thank you for being here, as well.    Louisiana is a huge maritime State, as you know, the third longest coastline in the Nation, 5 of the top 15 tonnage ports in the United States. We have a huge dependence upon Coast Guard doing its job well in Louisiana, and I want to thank you and all the men and women that work under each of you for your service.    In looking at the budget request, you see a 26-percent reduction in the ACI account, as compared to last year. You and I in the past have had long conversations about the fact, for example, the 110s are operating decades beyond their intended service life. When you look at the fact that you are operating so far beyond the service life on your 110s, the 210s and 270, the Medium Endurance Cutters once again operating beyond their service life, is that reduction aligned with where the Coast Guard needs to be, in regard to reinvesting or recapitalizing in its equipment to ensure that the men and women of the Coast Guard have the resources and the equipment they need to do their jobs?    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. I would like to recognize and again say how just honored we are to have such esteemed colleagues here, who could easily be the full committee chairman, but isn't right now. Mr. DeFazio is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. OK, it is my turn. I guess the first question I have, Admiral, is this. I think since I have had this position chairing this subcommittee, 4 years in a row now the President has sent us a budget request that guts your acquisition. The administration seems determined not to spend more than $1 billion. That is what they keep doing, $1 billion on recapitalization of Coast Guard's aging and failing legacy assets.    The GAO and previous Commandants have testified that it takes a little bit more than $2 billion a year to keep you on your program of record and your current acquisition strategy on time and on budget. So the administration does not support your acquisition program. I mean that is pretty plain.    And I talked to Secretary Johnson last week, and it seems he is kind of obviously focusing on what is happening right now with the entire Department, but he didn't seem too concerned. And I think the game is the administration does this, and it is up to Congress, then, to come in and say, ``Oh, we all love the Coast Guard, we are going to plus them up to what they need to be.'' I think it is a dumb game. So we are not going to play it.    So, my question is, what are you--when are you going to give us the American people and the administration a new--mission needs statements that cut out those missions which you can no longer do? And what are the missions that you can no longer do? If we pass a budget for you that reflects exactly the President's budget request, what missions are you going to not do?    Mr. Hunter. Let me--I can go to the combatant commanders and get a requirement list for the Coast Guard, too. That is not what I am asking for. What I would like is a mission needs statement that reflects your budget. And you could put that, if you want to, side by side with the combatant commander, the geographic combatant commander requirements. That is fine. But I would like a mission needs statement that is actually what you can do, not what you would like to do, or have been asked to do.    Mr. Hunter. Can you get us that?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Thank you, Admiral. I appreciate it, because we want to know what can you do with the budget that the President has laid out.    Question for Administrator Jaenichen. Talked about the Jones Act a little bit. Talked about it in the Senate. Our colleague, Senator McCain, has talked about axing the Jones Act, getting rid of it. We think that would be a horrible, horrible thing for America's industrial base and our ability to fight wars, protect ourselves, protect the sea lanes, and build ships. So I want you to talk about it.    What impact is even talking about it, about changing the build requirements or getting rid of the Jones Act, what does that mean for American ship manufacturers?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you for that. And I want to tie that in, Admiral. What is the Coast Guard's position, if you had foreign-flag vessels moving chemicals, flammable gas, oil, anything like that that can do anything up in the interior river system of the United States? What does that do to the Coast Guard?    Mr. Hunter. So let me ask you more to the point, then. Would the Coast Guard rather see American mariners on American-flagged vessels that have been inspected by the U.S. Coast Guard and have been trained up to U.S. Coast Guard standards and U.S. mariner standards driving volatile ships up and down America's inland waterways? Or would you rather see folks from Pakistan, from Yemen, from Somalia driving those ships on the interior waterways? What is the Coast Guard's take on that?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Admiral. Thank you, Administrator.    I would like to yield to Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. Ms. Brownley is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentlelady. I think we are well represented by the west coast here.    Mr. Hunter. Yes. Except for a couple people. That is all right. I would like to yield to the ranking member, Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the ranking member. I would like to recognize Mr. Graves again for the second round.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Admiral, we had the chance in a previous life to spend a good bit of time working on the oil spill. And, again, I want to thank you for your efforts there.    As you know, the--you can do simple math, and you can come to the conclusion that you have more oil remaining in the Gulf of Mexico today than perhaps was spilled in the entire Valdez oil spill. And the State of Louisiana and the Coast Guard differed on the best approach to continue seeking the--and removing the oil that was there. Where is the best place for the State of Louisiana to turn if they have concerns related to the residual oil in the Gulf of Mexico resulting from Deepwater Horizon?    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. Ms. Hahn is rerecognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentlewoman. I want to yield to the ranking member, Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. Master Chief, not forgotten about you.    So let me ask. With all the stuff that is going on, all the budget cuts, and I guess you could say the kind of spurning by your own leadership within the administration and OMB and the Department of Homeland Security, they don't think much of the Coast Guard, as reflected by their budget. What is the biggest obstacle that you face in making sure that your Coast Guard men and women are able to function and live happy lives and go about their duties?    Master Chief Cantrell. Well, thank you, sir. What--this is affecting folks right now today. And what we want our folks to be focused on is getting the mission done. And the last thing I want by a young petty officer on a buoy tender that has got a 10,000-pound sinker swinging around on the deck as they work a buoy, is to worry about if he is going to get a paycheck or not, or worry about his training is going to be affected, or his transfer is going to be affected later on. We want them laser-focused on mission.    Same thing for our folks that are out driving boats, that are out pounding through 20-foot surf to rescue a sinking fishing vessel. I want them focused on their job, not worried about whether they are going to get a funding bill, or whether--again, it goes back to the--are they going to get a paycheck or not. That is not what they should be focused on.    Mr. Hunter. Let me----    Master Chief Cantrell. I mean I think we have the----    Mr. Hunter. Let me ask----    Master Chief Cantrell . Best, brightest, and----    Mr. Hunter. If there is a shutdown, do the--does the Coast Guard not get funded?    Master Chief Cantrell. A shutdown? If we are not funded, our folks, in essence, would not--I mean they are going to show up for work, because that is what they do. But a lapse this week in appropriations affects, of course, next week. But this is what is on their minds.    Mr. Hunter. When is payday for the Coast Guard? It is every 2 weeks?    Master Chief Cantrell. Every 2 weeks. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hunter. So the first iteration of not being paid would kick in 2 weeks next month?    Master Chief Cantrell. They would be paid on the first of March, as the pay period ends at the end of this week. So they get paid at the end of this week. It is the next paycheck that folks will be concerned about.    And, again--but they are worried about this now. And these are folks that live paycheck to paycheck, anyway, most of the time. And you could go to a commissary any of those paydays and see what I am talking about. But this is stuff that is affecting them.    We have got a high retention rate and folks that really want to do great work, and lace up their boots and come to work and get after the jobs that they signed up to do. And I don't want them focused on the things that are certainly outside their paygrade to worry about, but it certainly has taken its toll.    Mr. Hunter. Besides the budget woes right now, what is the biggest thing that worries you about your people?    Master Chief Cantrell. Well, it does kind of go with budget uncertainty a lot, because, look, we are operating--I mean----    Mr. Hunter. Let me phrase it differently. Is it housing? Is it commissaries on bases? Is it--what is it?    Master Chief Cantrell. We are concerned--housing, medical, child care services are something that we stay focused on. We have good relationships with our DOD partners that allow us access to those facilities. But a lot of our units are remotely located, so we have to rerack our housing to make sure--some of our older housing is divested from, but that means that we have got to look for other options for our folks in some of these small areas that aren't base-centric like, you know, a lot of the DOD facilities are.    But child care is a big thing that worries a lot of our folks that make career decisions sometimes on whether child care services are available, or even affordable. But we work on that, and we stay focused on it to make sure we are providing resources within our own Service, but also looking outside the Coast Guard to our DOD partners. And we maintain really good relationships there.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Master Chief.    Master Chief Cantrell. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Hunter. Chairman Cordero, you requested an extra $1 million, a bit over, to increase your workforce by 10 percent. That is not a lot, right? Ten percent is a small number of a small number. And your testimony indicates that these increases are needed to review a growing number of large and complex liner agreements to conduct--and to conduct basic day-to-day activities.    Yet, over the last year, the FMC has held several public forums on ways to make ports and cruise lines more environmentally friendly, giving awards to companies with environmentally sustainable shipping practices, encourages the maritime sector to use FMC, the FMC to--dispute resolution services, to use them for resolution services instead of independent arbitrators. And, in some ways, you tried to put yourselves in between business and business, creating, I think, unnecessary regulatory burdens on small businesses.    This sounds like mission creep. And just one example. You are giving an Earth Day award, in your position as Chairman of the Federal Maritime Commission, coming up. So, specifically, my question is two-part.    One, mission creep adding more employees, and it seems like doing a little bit of busy work, just to stay busy.    And, two, when it comes to things like giving environmental awards to companies, what statutory authority does the Federal Maritime Commission have to regulate environmental compliance of ships and ports? Do you enforce the act to produce--to prevent pollution from ships? The Clean Water Act? The Clean Air Act? The clean hull title of the 2010 Coast Guard, or any other Federal environmental statutes?    Mr. Hunter. All right, let me ask you this. Considering a lot of the stuff that you just mentioned is regulatory in nature, and could be done by a regulatory agency versus a Presidentially appointed Commission, where the President appoints the Commissioners, and the Senate approves them, do you see a need--do you think that a lot of what you do could be done by a regulatory agency, such as MarAd?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter. Mr. Cummings, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank the gentleman. You could always institute the rules that the Marine Corps had about 60 years ago, which--you can't get married until--in 7 years, or go on two floats or go to war once, or something like that. It is a--having families on base is a burden. And the military did recognize that 50, 60 years ago. I mean that is where a lot of the resources go.    Admiral, I just got a few more questions here. Towing vessel safety rule. It has been 10 years. It has been 10 years. A decade. Anything?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you. At least it will happen under your tenure.    Mr. Hunter. OK, thank you. Along with that, we changed the rules for the inspection of the distant water tuna fleet to 5 years last year. When is the Coast Guard going to release guidance to its inspectors and industry implementing the new change?    Mr. Hunter. It goes to you from where?    Mr. Hunter. From you to the Department?    Mr. Hunter. The DHS. OK. With that, the one final thing that I have, I know that you have looked at the Presidential budget request. And I know that you have at least scrubbed it, and said, ``How do we make our acquisition strategy line up with this, if this is our actual budget?'' And I am just--if you could, just say a few words on--just from your very first scrub on this, what would you do right now, if the budget that is reflected right now is the actual budget, going forward into 2016? What are you going to do with the OPCs? What are you going to do with final down-select from your three to one next year?    I saw, instead of asking for money now, you are hoping that next year the Department, DHS, just gives you a bunch of money to be able to do it once you down-select to one, which is never going to happen. I mean that is a--it is just not ever going to happen. So what would you say on your first scrub right now? What do you drop? What do you keep? What do you push out? Do you not have your eighth NSC? I mean what do you do?    Mr. Hunter. Without objection.    Mr. Hunter. You are saying you are trading off your shore facilities. So that is what you would do in the end, in order to keep the acquisition program of record on track, you would not spend money--you are going to just keep spending the bare minimum?    Mr. Hunter. OK. So, looking at your acquisition--ship acquisition, which ships get cut, based on this budget?    Mr. Hunter. But you would have to. I mean you are getting----    Mr. Hunter . Reduction.    Mr. Hunter. I don't understand, then. How does the budget reflect the Secretary's highest priority by cutting it?    Mr. Hunter. So you think that, instead of having Congress budget out the Offshore Patrol Cutter, and taking the money from within DHS when you do a downselect, you think that that is a viable--that money coming from DHS is a viable alternative to congressional budgeting?    Mr. Hunter. For right now?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you. Do you think the Coast Guard is tasked with doing too much right now?    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Admiral. Gentlemen, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Adjourned.