    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, let me preface my remarks, my questions, Mr. Chairman, by just saying that, while I am very respectful of the Commissioner and Ms. Johnson being here and appreciate them being here, very much, they are, Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, they are just overseers and implementers of this.    We need the people here, testifying before us, who have actually had the responsibility of doing this. That is the White House, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security.    So, Mr. Chairman, I hope that we can work toward getting them here to answer these questions, again, respectfully, to the witnesses who are here today.    Having said that, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Johnson, respectfully, I remind you, you are under oath. Whose decision was it? Whose decision was it to ignore the intent and the plain language of the law? Whose decision was that? To create these 5 categories of exemptions, whose decision was it?    Mr. Carter. Whose decision was it?    Mr. Carter. So you are saying that it was the State Department? It was everybody in the State Department was involved in this decision?    Mr. Carter. Did you consult with anyone at the White House? Was anyone at the White House, anyone in the administration----    Mr. Carter. Were they involved in that?    Mr. Carter. So it was people who were, also, involved in the agreement, the agreement that Congress had with the administration? They were involved in this decision?    Mr. Carter. You know, we used to have a Governor in the State of Georgia, who also served as a United States Senator. It was Al Miller. He used to--one of his favorite sayings was always that, you know, if you are walking in the woods and you see a turtle on a fence post, you can bet that somebody put that turtle on that fence post. It didn't get there by itself.    Somebody did this. Somebody had the intent of doing this. That is what bothers us so much. You know, Ms. Johnson, you don't know my daddy. My daddy is the smartest man I have ever met, not the most educated, but the smartest. He always told me, he used to say, ``Son, whenever you think you are the only one who is right and everybody else is wrong, you have to stop for just 1 minute. You have to think, you know, it might not be everybody else. It might just be you.''    I always remember that. Here we had 407 Members of Congress, of the United States House of Representatives--now I have been here almost 14 months now. I can tell you, when you get 407 Members to agree on something, that is strong.    Here we had 407 Members agree on this and vote in favor of this, under the auspices of this administration, or this agreement with this administration. Yet, the administration goes and voids this agreement altogether.    Don't you find that to be somewhat disrespectful of the American public, in general? I mean, if we are elected by the people, that has gotta be disrespectful, in my book. What do you think?    Mr. Carter. What about the intent? Don't tell me that intent doesn't matter, because it does, in this case, because the administration knew the intent. They agreed, and they knew the intent.    Mr. Carter. Then why did--why did you go against the intent?    Mr. Carter. Well, let me ask you this. You know, it is something else that concerns me greatly is that, if we were talking about tax policy, if we were talking about the economic issues, it would be one thing. But we are talking about Americans' safety. That is what is so concerning to me.    Let me ask you, the administration didn't decide on their own to provide an exemption for the journalists, the researchers, the human rights investigators and the other professionals. If they weren't getting this exemption, could they still get here?    Mr. Carter. Well, why not do it that way, then? Why not just leave it to the visa process?    Mr. Carter. You know----    Mr. Carter. I am sorry. I have to disagree with you on that. I think that if they had wanted them in here, the visa process would have been the way to go.    Mr. Chairman, again, respectfully, thank both of these witnesses for being here. I know, I have worked with the commissioner before. I know him to be an honorable man. But we ain't got the right people here. We need the Secretary of State. We need the Secretary of Homeland Security. We need someone from the White House.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.