    Ms. Esty. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to the Ranking Member, and most of all, thank you to the four of you and these huge, exciting team of international researchers. So there are two topics I wanted to quickly touch on. First was the importance--and you've all mentioned it a little bit but the importance of robust, long-term funding for basic research. You know, if we're going to break those boundaries, reach beyond what we know, it does take that kind of serious long-term committed investment, even in the face of if not failure, not the sort of data you would have wanted. So a couple of you can comment on that because we're under constant budget strains, and it's really easy for people to say, you know, I have bridges and roads and schools in my district that need fixing but I also believe that we will be better not just as a country but as a species if we continue the sort of cutting-edge research. So that's one topic.    And the other was to talk a little bit--and Dr. Gonzalez, you particularly touched on this--about the diverse STEM workforce and the need to inspire a new generation, the collaboration that comes up, and what efforts are being taken in this project to make sure we're seeing diversity because I know, you know, a suburban white boy may be thinking about using those STEM skills differently than a woman of color in the inner city, so hoping that we're really making an effort as part of this collaborative endeavor. Thank you very much.    Ms. Esty. And to that point, if you have not already, I would hope that you are developing materials, links to websites that you can disseminate us to, we can to our districts and to our colleagues to allow that citizen exploration and inspiration because we find obviously the ability to use the internet really does bring this home, and I can tell you we had the astronauts here in a live link in this room, and I was able to have a live link with an astronaut from my district, and the inspiration for 3,000 school students who could watch a graduate from their high school speaking to them while he's spinning upside down was extraordinary, and I would hope--this has really captured the Nation's imagination so I urge you to develop good materials of a variety of ages and then we'd love to--I know I would, and I know all of us would love to be able to make that available to the students and----    Ms. Esty. Terrific. Thank you very much. I really appreciate your hard work, and another 40 years for this project. Thank you.    Ms. Esty. Dr. Crim, yes.    Ms. Esty. Thank you all very much.