    Ms. Perez. Good morning, Chairman Duffy, Vice Chairman Fitzpatrick, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss our legal opinion concerning the Department of Housing and Urban Development's use of appropriations to prepare and transmit an email to the public.    GAO concluded that HUD violated the anti-lobbying provision of its Appropriations Act and the Antideficiency Act. The legal opinion was requested by this subcommittee's previous chairman. Representative McHenry asked GAO whether HUD violated anti-lobbying provisions when the Deputy Secretary prepared and transmitted an email on July 31, 2013.    That email encouraged recipients to contact specific Senators regarding pending legislation. We relied upon facts determined from the investigation done by HUD's Office of Inspector General and information that HUD provided to the subcommittee. We also asked HUD to provide us with additional facts and its legal views. HUD did not provide any additional facts or legal views to GAO.    The provision applicable in this case is Section 716 of HUD's 2012 Appropriations Act, which was carried forward by the 2013 Appropriations Act. Section 716 is commonly referred to as an anti-lobbying provision. It prohibits the use of appropriated funds for indirect or grassroots lobbying in support of or in opposition to pending legislation.    Grassroots lobbying occurs when an agency makes clear appeals to the public to contact Members of Congress regarding pending legislation. The email transmitted by the Deputy Secretary requested that recipients contact 17 named Senators in support of the Senate's version of HUD's 2014 appropriations bill, which was pending in the Senate at that time. The email emphatically urged recipients to encourage the Senators to take various actions: to vote in favor of procedural motions to advance consideration of the bill; to oppose specific amendments HUD considered harmful to the bill; and to vote in support of the bill itself.    Among the over 1,000 recipients of the Deputy Secretary's email were members of the public. GAO concluded that HUD violated Section 716 by preparing and transmitting the email. The provision is violated when there is evidence of a clear appeal by an agency to the public to contact Members of Congress in support of or in opposition to pending legislation.    Here, the Deputy Secretary's email, on its face, made several clear appeals to the public to contact Members of Congress regarding HUD's pending appropriations bill. HUD did not deny that it engaged in grassroots lobbying. Rather, HUD emphasized that the email was sent by its Deputy Secretary, who is a Presidentially-appointed and Senate-confirmed official.    HUD noted that the Department of Justice has opined that a similar anti-lobbying provision which is enforced by Justice does not restrict the activities of certain Executive Branch officials such as Presidential appointees. Notably, however, in interpreting that provision in Section 1913 of Title 18, Justice does caution against such officials engaging in the sort of lobbying activity that section was intended to prevent.    GAO's opinion did not analyze whether HUD violated Section 1913, a provision enforced by the Department of Justice, not GAO. GAO analyzed HUD's compliance with the appropriations provision found in Section 716.    GAO does not agree with HUD's view that the Deputy Secretary is exempt from the appropriations provision. Section 716 would not prevent the Deputy Secretary from engaging in normal executive legislative relationships. It does however establish a brightline rule prohibiting a clear agency appeal to the public to contact Members of Congress in support of or in opposition to pending legislation. And in this case, there is evidence of such an appeal to the public, and GAO concluded that HUD violated the anti-lobbying restriction of Section 716. By using its appropriated funds in violation of this prohibition, HUD also violated the Antideficiency Act.    The Antideficiency Act is a cornerstone of fiscal laws by which Congress enforces its constitutional power of the purse. It is also a funds-control statute that is designed to implement agency fiscal discipline.    Under the Act, officials of the government may not make or authorize an obligation or expenditure exceeding the amounts of available appropriation. In other words, agencies may not spend more than Congress provides. The legal effect of Section 716 is to make no funds--that is, zero--available to HUD for indirect or grassroots lobbying. By using funds to prepare and transmit the email in question, HUD spent funds in excess of the amount available. And because no funds were available for grassroots lobbying, HUD violated the Antideficiency Act.    Consequently, HUD must report an Antideficiency Act violation to the President and Congress, and transmit copies of the report to GAO in accordance with the law. As of this date, GAO has not received a report from HUD for this Antideficiency Act violation. Thank you, Chairman Duffy, Vice Chairman Fitzpatrick, and Ranking Member Green.    This concludes my statement, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Perez. Yes, sir, it can take several months for us to get reports from agencies when we have indicated that they have violated the Antideficiency Act. Some agencies have done it in a matter of weeks, others have taken several months and even years.    Ms. Perez. No, sir. The main concern and purpose of that report would be for the agency to be able to identify what actions it has taken to correct these violations, as well as to take actions to prevent violations in the future. So we really view it as forward-looking because that is part of what the statute requires, to impose additional safeguards.    Ms. Perez. Yes, sir. What our case law recognizes is that it is fine for agencies and Administrations to make their views known to the public, including their views on pending legislation. But--    Ms. Perez. Sure.    Ms. Perez. Sir, actually we haven't done any work in that area.    Ms. Perez. We are aware generally of the Act, but haven't worked on that area.    Ms. Perez. Thank you.    Ms. Perez. Yes, sir, there were a number of employees involved in preparing the email that the Deputy Secretary transmitted. Our focus in the legal opinion was looking at whether the Department had violated the anti-lobbying provision of Section--