    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses for being here today. One of the biggest issues that I have been focused on during my time in this committee is streamlining the FAA's certification process to make sure that manufacturers can move innovative safety enhancing ideas from the design table to assembly line into the cockpit without months of delay in unnecessary cost which unfortunately has been happening all too often.    First question I wanted to ask Ms. Baker, Ms. Baker, sorry. I was lead Democratic co-sponsor of the Small Airplane Revitalization Act. I was pleased that Congress recognized and responded to the challenges posed by the certification process. Many of us on this committee and many at DOT and FAA did the rewrite of part 23 rules as vital to safety innovation. So I want to ask, what steps have you taken to move this rule forward? And where is the rulemaking being vetted today? Has it been received by DOT and OMB?    Mr. Lipinski. OK. So it hasn't been received by DOT and the OMB yet? Can you assure this committee that the NPRM for part 23 small airplane rule will be published by the summer?    Mr. Lipinski. I would. I definitely would like you do that, and it is important that we move this forward as quickly as possible.    I want to follow up on part 23 with Mr. Hart. In your written testimony, you referenced general aviation safety, specifically loss of control mitigation as one of the items on your most wanted safety list. Data that Government and industry have used to develop recommendations show that loss of control counts for a significant portion of fatal accidents in general aviation. As I mentioned in the last question, the 113th Congress passed legislation that will enable safety enhancing features to be accelerated for part 23 category aircraft in order to address issues like loss of control accidents.    How can efforts like this legislation help to achieve improvement in aviation safety?    Mr. Lipinski. Are there any--you know, anything you could say what more needs to be done on this issue? I know the angle of attack indicator is very significant. Anything else you wanted to mention that is important here?    Mr. Lipinski. What are your thoughts on FAA's current policies and regulations on retrofitting of new equipment onto existing GA aircraft?    Mr. Lipinski. OK. With that, I will yield back. Thank you.