    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Chairman Rouzer, and I want to also welcome Chairman Hunter, when he gets here, and Ranking Member John Garamendi, who I have worked with for years, not only in Congress, but in the California State Legislature, as we share a lot of common interests as it relates to California issues. It is, I believe, important that the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation meet with our Subcommittee on this important issue. This hearing is the next part of the Committee's review of the international food aid programs that I have always taken an interest in, and I am glad that we have representatives from the maritime industry on the other panel that can also testify to the important role they play in transportation of food to countries and regions that are in need.    The United States established itself as one of the global leaders, and we have led for decades, in international food aid. My constituents in California's great Central Valley, the San Joaquin Valley, are proud that the fruits, vegetables, and dairy products that they produce are used by numerous agencies, and for food aid programs, such as U.S. Agency for International Development, USAID. It is food that is not only used for my constituencies, throughout California, it is used throughout the country, because we do have the ability to produce an abundance of food, and this is an area where we can be helpful. These programs, which operate throughout the world, in some of the most dangerous regions in the world, such as Syria and the South Sudan, perform incredible services to bring food to those most in need living in those areas. You have abject poverty, you have conflict, and it seems like constant conflict, civil wars, in which man's inhumanity to mankind is being exhibited. And this food, therefore, provides the sort of humanitarian support that our nation must, and can, provide.    The efforts also support countless jobs here in America, especially in the transportation and logistic side of these programs. That is why the reforms that have been made to our international food aid programs, for me, are troubling in some areas. It is clear that we need to have flexibility, and I don't think anybody argues against that, within programs on how the aid is delivered to these countries, and to the regions. However, let me be clear, the emphasis must remain on providing in-kind donations, such as these food products, whether they be fruits, vegetables, dairy products from my district, or other parts of the country, because, again, it is important that we provide the sustenance for these people most in need. I think that is far better than providing cash-based assistance. Cash-based assistance, in which we have, I believe, less control over, it is akin to when sometimes we see a person asking for a handout in our communities. I used to go into the store and buy a sandwich and hand them something to eat, as opposed to giving them cash. I don't know what they are going to do with that cash.    So I understand there are challenges, but our mariners also provide security, relative to the Maritime Security Program. Military cargo accounts for the vast majority of the cargo preferences tonnage, and it has been successful, but we have a responsibility and the resources to do what we can for those who are struggling to feed themselves. And that is why, again, these international food aid programs are so important. In a more perfect world, we would not have to struggle to find the space on ships to transport food aid on military cargo, but that is not the reality. Again, I welcome my colleagues from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and I look forward to hearing the testimony of these witnesses that we have here today. And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you.    Mr. Costa. Mr. Secretary, you mentioned that the President's budget for food aid also improves our ability to respond in these humanitarian situations. How do you think it does that?    Mr. Costa. It improves our ability to provide that humanitarian aid.    Mr. Costa. But what is the measure, the criteria? I mean, besides time, compared to----    Mr. Costa. Do you have metrics, in terms of assistance that is being provided in these----    Mr. Costa. Do you track this? Do you provide the metrics to measure this? I guess we will find out, do you care to comment?    Mr. Costa. So for----    Mr. Berteau.--but we don't set those requirements. Those requirements are set by other agencies----    Mr. Costa. We have----    Mr. Berteau.--in the Federal Government, and we respond to them.    Mr. Costa. Because we all know we have a tremendous refugee problem in that part of the world, whether we are talking about Jordan or Turkey. So, for example, how would that be delivered? It would go through a U.S. carrier ship to Haifa, and then from there to Jordan?    Mr. Costa. Well, obviously you have less tonnage. I mean, it----    Mr. Costa. Yes.    Mr. Berteau.--there as well.    Mr. Costa. And you mentioned the assessment of the proposal would not impact DOD's ability to crew the surge fleet and deploy forces for sustainment of cargoes. Can you give an overview of that assessment on how that works?    Mr. Costa. What could likely increase here in the next several years, with the whole issue with ISIL, and our efforts to focus a much stronger effort there.    Mr. Costa. Mr. Jaenichen, is it? Your testimony, you talked about examples of successful programs that have been administered over the last 50 years or so, and the positive impact of maintaining mariner jobs. My question to you is, why would we want to consider food aid reforms that would threaten those jobs?    Mr. Costa. Before my time runs out, do you think the food aid reform proposal in the President's budget would reduce the amount of cargo moved by U.S.-flag ships?    Mr. Costa. All right, thank you. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired.    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Shapiro, for your passion on this issue, and let us call it for what it is. I mean, these vouchers, sadly, corruption in that part of the world is the grease that makes that place work. And who knows whose hands it has gone in? Potentially some of our enemies. I mean, it is outrageous, and I couldn't agree with your concerns more.    You recommend an improvement in contracting and transportation for practices for in-kind food aid, and you talked about specifically putting the risk of loss on the person in the transportation chain most able to control and mitigate the risk. Could you give some specific example in that instance?    Mr. Costa. So you sit there?    Mr. Costa. Right.    Mr. Shapiro.--built that cost into our rate.    Mr. Costa. Okay. Mr. Caponiti, could you give more detail on how the new regulatory mandate might strengthen MARAD's oversight and enforcement authority, and some examples of the problems inherent in that new regulatory scheme?    Mr. Costa. Thank you. Captain Murray, you said that, in essence, it is much cheaper to maintain a U.S.-flag fleet as opposed to maintaining a fleet of inactive government owned ships on standby. I mean, it seems to me we are being penny wise and pound foolish in this effort. Do you want to explain as to when we look at our current predicament.    Mr. Costa. Now, did you say you are a graduate of the Merchant Marine Academy?    Mr. Costa. Okay. I wanted to make sure. So, as a graduate of the Maine Maritime Academy, what role does your company, in addition, provide to training mariners today and future mariners tomorrow?    Mr. Costa. They are pretty good too, right?    Mr. Costa. They are pretty good too, right?    Mr. Costa. Okay.    Mr. Costa. We have an ability to make appointments to those, and I am always interested in how that academy's doing, in terms----    Mr. Costa. Mr. Schoeneman, do you want to comment on that, in terms of providing an adequately trained mariner force?    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much. My time has expired.