    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Thank you. I would like to thank Chairman Pitts and Chairman Upton for their attention to this important issue, and Representative Loretta Sanchez for co-leading this bill.    Our joint efforts to clarify these regulations and represent the needs of America's small business owners are critical. I would also like to thank Chairman Upton and the nearly 40 other bipartisan Members who have thus far agreed to cosponsor.    H.R. 2017 is simple. Clarify the intent of this nearly 400-page regulation so that businesses can comply with it and so that consumers can have access to helpful calorie information. That is why my staff and I have met with stakeholders and other Member offices on all sides of this issue more than 20 times this year and have asked how we can improve this legislation. Something that we have heard again and again was that the 50 percent revenue trigger for what defines a restaurant is not fair. And I would like to ask unanimous consent to insert into the record a letter from the National Restaurant Association to Congress on April 28 that only discusses the 50 percent revenue exemption in H.R. 2017 as concerning.    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. I would like to say that these concerns have been heard. And I intend to fully address them as we move to committee markup. I hope that today we can move on and discuss the merits of this important legislation beyond this one point. Like many other regulations, good intentions don't always add up to practical policy.    This regulation tries a cookie cutter approach to treat grocers and pizzerias like Capital Grill and Outback Steakhouse. I don't think that this is workable or affordable. Estimates state that this regulation could cost American businesses more than $1 billion to comply and 500,000 hours of paperwork. One of the most expensive regulations ever.    Requiring Domino's franchisees to post in their stores every potential topping combination. As the chairman already said, more than 34 million possible outcomes. When more than 90 percent of their orders take place over the phone or Internet just doesn't make sense. This is commonsense legislation which provides access to calorie information in a practical and flexible manner by clarifying, not significantly altering, this complicated regulation. We have been requesting comments from stakeholders since January, and we have heard several on the revenue trigger, which we have agreed to address, and hope that we can move on now to the next step in the regular order of process.    This bill is ready to move, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the chairman and yield back.    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Thank you, Chairman. And I must admit, I, too, do look at the calorie counts. And my Democrat colleague and I, Loretta Sanchez, I think, probably share that in common. What we are trying to do and why we have been working with everyone to accomplish the goal of providing this information in a commonsense way. And that is the purpose of the legislation, is to accomplish the goal of the calorie counts in a commonsense way.    And I appreciate everyone being here today. I wanted to start with Ms. Hubbard. I understand that you own almost 300 stores, is that correct.    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Did you purchase them all at once?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Are they exactly the same on the inside?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. So do you sell the exact same stuff?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. So is it possible that you might need to design, buy, and install a different menu board at each location?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. So how much do you think this will cost you?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Thank you. Next I wanted to go to Ms. Liddle from Domino's. A bipartisan group of House and Senate Members recently sent a letter to the FDA requesting a 1-year delay on the enforcement of the regulation. Do you support a delay on the enforcement of this regulation?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Do you think that even with a delay, you and your franchisees could be able to eventually comply with this regulation?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Do you think that others in the pizza community, Papa John's, Pizza Hut, Godfather's, feel the same way?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. Do you, as the rule is currently written, could you or one of your store managers potentially be criminally charged for failing to comply?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. OK, thank you. Next, Ms. Raskopf, I wanted to ask who is responsible for having the correct calorie count at each location? The individual manager or someone in the corporate office.    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. OK. If the FDA or a local law enforcement officer were to come in and find that, for example, a donut had been over-sprinkled and, therefore, did not comply with the posted calorie count and was outside the allowable standard, who would be at fault?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. OK. Is it possible that one of your employees could be potentially charged with a criminal charge?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. So then who do you think would receive the citation or the criminal charge?    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. OK. OK and then to, I wanted to ask Ms. Liddle and Mr. O'Quinn, I would say that the two of you are quite different and also different from others on the panel, such as Dunkin' Donuts. Do you think this regulation tries to treat entities which are actually quite different in a cookie-cutter fashion which doesn't make sense? Maybe you can just say yes or no because I am out of time.    Mrs. McMorris Rodgers. OK. Thank you.