    Ms. Davis. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you both for being with us today.    Ms. Spencer, one of the things that I think strikes me is that you all have really exhausted multiple resources, time, effort, everything in following up on this situation.    Ms. Davis. Do you have any sense in terms of what was required to do that? I think what I am trying to see here because we need to have some way of being aggressive as I think you have been and at the same time not having a chilling effect on the ability to use resources to actually improve programs, to make sure that everything is working as it should. What is your sense of that?    Ms. Davis. Uh-huh.    Ms. Spencer.--and we will continue to be forthright and--    Ms. Davis. And as I understand it, too, I mean, this started out as a media post, a social media post in terms of how it was picked up initially, but that you all took the steps to bring the Inspector General into it. And so, it seems to me that, you know, you are moving ahead in the way that is required. And that what we need to do and what I think we all need to do is to be sure that if we believe that community service--and I happen to believe and would love to see it expanded. I think that in this country, we know there are other countries that do this. You know, I would love to see every 18-year-old give at least 18 months of their time in community service. If we had the infrastructure in this country to do that, it would be great. And I think we need to think about what that would take in order to do that.    Clearly, in this kind of a situation, you have to be very aggressive about those grants. You have to be very aggressive that people are doing what they are expected to do. And occasionally, and out of 345,000 or so volunteers today, there were a few people who in trying to do the right thing and perhaps not getting the direction that they obviously should have gotten, they erred. Geez, I do not know. (Laughs) I do not know if we have very many organizations in the country that can say that. So I think we need to be clear about that.    But I also wanted to know from you, as well, Madam IG, what do you see in terms of resources? I think you have spoken to this a little bit, but if we had a way of crafting additional help and support, would it be more monitors? Is that what you think is required here? Is it more training, more education? We are short on the resources that we're providing.    Ms. Davis. Uh-huh.    Ms. Davis. And are you all monitoring the social media as well to pick up problems?    Ms. Davis. Uh-huh.    Ms. Davis. Yeah.    Ms. Davis. Thank you. Well, I looked at so many of the organizations, certainly from San Diego, and the amount of work the Catholic Charities is doing and many others, and, quite frankly, in a number of situations, of course they are providing emotional support. So, I think we want to be careful how we use those words and how that relates to other issues and other concerns that we have. And, perhaps, we need some way of better defining what that means, under what circumstances. I think that some of that has already been done, perhaps. But again, let's be really clear with the people who are engaged in this and let's not have a chilling effect on the young people in this country who are doing such fabulous work.    Thank you so much. I see that my time is up. I am sorry. Thank you.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Ms. Davis.    Chairwoman Foxx. Excuse me, I am sorry. Mr. Polis is next. I apologize.