    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you very much to the panel being here and sharing this very painful information. I spent much of my career working in EEO/affirmative action, and so I understand the, sort of, frustration when the system just does not do what it is supposed to do.    I am not quite sure I completely understand your system, but I think we are dealing with two issues here. We are dealing with what does this agency do when it has a discrimination complaint, what is the process, what do you do--like the sexual harassment complaint. And then the other process is what happens to individuals who try to stand up and make the system work right, the whistleblowing.    So let me go to the first piece. The first piece involves a sexual harassment, a discrimination complaint that you all investigated. This is a very toxic environment that you have described, as it relates to sexual harassment, with regard to this one individual. But is there a culture there that there is discrimination because of race and gender assignments also?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Is this--and I do not know who can best answer that.    Dr. Bohlen?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So have you all been called upon in that region to investigate discrimination complaints based on race, creed, color, all that other stuff?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And do you have the same reaction and response from the higher-ups with regard to those cases as you did with this case involving sexual harassment and this doctor?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, when you say ``the top,'' are you referring to the top of your regional office, or are you talking about headquarters?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So let me ask you a question. You investigate cases of discrimination, sexual harassment, whatever. You have a responsibility not only to report that to your regional office, but you have a responsibility to report it to headquarters also?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And in doing so, you were then harassed--allegedly harassed on your regional level, right?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Is there a policy in place in the Department as it relates to whistleblowing, harassment of whistleblowers?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And what is that policy?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Mr. Harris?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Uh-huh.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay. Then let me ask you a question about that. Has the Department established any kind of, sort of, training and accountability on a routine basis?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Let me ask you a really quick question. Anybody can answer it.    Is it better as a result of your being here today, as a result of the, sort of, prominence associated with the issue? Is the culture better? Is there more accountability? Are there any steps moving in the right direction being done by the administrative branch?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So consistency, or the lack thereof, is a big issue here?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Mr. Chairman, may I just ask one final short question?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And this is to Mr. Tuttle, because he explained that he had investigated cases against Dr. Bertram----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. --as far back as 2000, and then you stopped.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Can you tell me why you stopped and what happened with the findings of your investigation?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Tuttle.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.