    Ms. Frankel. I am here. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair, and I know that Mr. Webster agrees with me and would join me in telling you how important the marine industry is to Florida, as I am sure you know. It is probably over $600 billion impact to our economy with hundreds of thousands of jobs, so I join with my colleagues in wanting to have more resources for your agency.    And I wanted to say, I sat in at a Civil Works Review Board process a couple--I think a couple of months ago, and I would really recommend anybody on this committee to go and see how professional and thorough and thoughtful the Army Corps is and you will understand why it takes so long to get through these feasibility studies.    One of the things that we did last year on WRRDA was to allow a non-Federal sponsor to prefund the planning and design and construction phase of our project without congressional authorization but after they got their Chief's Report and then later see credit or reimbursement.    Secretary Darcy, can you--I know that you are working on some guidance, thoughts. Where is the Army Corps in that?    Ms. Frankel. But are you--are you putting through--are you going to issue some rules or are you just doing it on a case-by-case basis?    Ms. Frankel. In regards to Port Everglades, one of my favorite subjects--well, we have been waiting 18 years for our Chief's Report, but we are making progress. Thank you very much. No really, we have made very, very good progress, and I want to thank you for that.    One of the issues that was raised at the Civil Works Review Board was the outstanding EPA permit for the dredge material disposal site, and I was just wondering if you have an update on that and whether or not, not having the EPA permit would prevent the county from moving forward on the preconstruction engineering and design phase.    Ms. Frankel. OK. That is terrific. And let's see, I have a little bit more time to continue. I want to talk about Broward County and the Segment II Shore Protection Project. Beaches and beach restoration is so important to Florida's economy. Over $50 billion in economic impact, 450,000 jobs just--protects our shorelines, obviously, for tourism, so making sure that we have sand on the beaches is a major priority. We have been having a problem trying to--with the construction of a Shore Protection Project in an area called Segment II which encompasses Fort Lauderdale north of--to Pompano Beach, which is a federally authorized project, and I am just wondering if you could--if you are able to give me an update, because it is very critical that the county begin to restore its beach in November of 2015 because we have to--we want to get it done before tourism season, and we also have to coordinate with the turtle nesting.    Ms. Frankel. OK. This May?    Ms. Frankel. All right well will that--OK. We will take that.    General Bostick. Right. And that would be the decision document for the execution of the partnership agreement for this second segment that you asked about.    Ms. Frankel. All right. Thank you very much.    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Gibbs.    Thank you again for testifying. And I need to go back to my original questions because I think there was a little confusion in the communication. My first question was in regards to a provision we put in the last WRRDA bill that allows a non-Federal sponsor to prefund the planning, and design, and construction phases at a project without congressional authorization and then later seek credit or reimbursement once it is authorized. That is section 1014. You know, when you responded, you commented on Mr. Webster's question, which is a little different, which had to do with another section, so--and I know you have a lot to talk about here, so my question was what--when do you expect there will be some guidance from the Corps on that provision?    Ms. Frankel. OK. Thank you. And then I have another. My second question, which again, there's so many acronyms. I want to--the concern on that on the Broward Segment No. 2 is the--not on the LRR, which I think you said we would have in May. The problem is that Broward County is waiving a project participation agreement. That is the issue. And they have been pushed back to January 2016, which would really almost take them out of the next tourist season.    So I was--originally, it was set to be a November 1 date, 2015, not January 2016, so I just have a request, and this, I guess, General Bostick, is whether or not you could take a look at expediting that PPA because it really--to try and coordinate between the turtles nesting and the tourists, there is a very short window to get this restoration done.    General Bostick. Yes. Secretary Darcy had talked about the LRR being done in May of 2015, and then I followed up and said we need that to be completed in order to move to the PPA, so I wasn't tracking the timeline of 2016, but I will take a look at it and see if there is anything we can do to expedite it.    Ms. Frankel. OK. Thank you very much. This has been sort of an interesting issue that came up. Again, I mention how important our marine industry is to Florida, especially in south Florida. We have an agency there called the Florida Inland Navigation District which sponsors a lot of marine projects, and they brought this issue to me. What happens, and I am going to try to put it in a practical way. Somebody, let's say a business wants to open, and they open a marine--a harbor in the inland coast land--coast of Florida. They do what they have to do, they get their permit, and you know 5, 10, 7 years later they have to do dredging, maintenance dredging.    What is happening now is that they are being required to actually, if their seagrass has grown, to actually mitigate that. So they may have created the environment. In their original project, they create the environment that allows the seagrass to grow, and then what happens is, because the seagrass grows and they have to go through mitigation, and a lot of these folks are now avoiding the maintenance dredging, which we really need to have. So I don't know whether that issue has ever come to your attention before, but we have requested the--our local folks to take a look at that.    Ms. Frankel. OK. Thank you very much, and I yield back, Mr. Chair. Thank you very much.