    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral, welcome. I in no way speak for all Members of this committee, but for myself, and I suspect that the committee Members would agree with this, we wish you success. We want to see you succeed and we want to do everything we can to help you. I want to touch very quickly on just two things.    First of all, understand that I represent the coast of Georgia, the entire coast of Georgia, and on the coast, we have two major ports. We have the Savannah port, which is the No. 2 container port on the Eastern Seaboard. We also have the Brunswick Port, which is the No. 2 roll-on roll-off port in the Nation.    Both of those ports are vitally important, and in both of those ports, we use the TWIC cards, the Transportation Workers' Identification Credentials, and I want to talk just briefly about that, very quickly. It--I would like to read to you some examples of situations that have occurred with the TWIC cards that I am very concerned about.    First of all, an individual used a TWIC card to gain access to the Norfolk naval station and killed a naval officer. An individual drove through a gate at a Coast Guard station and threatened to detonate a bomb, demonstrating that a terrorist could do the same, and the ineffectiveness of the TWIC program.    TWIC holders have committed crimes in secure port areas, demonstrating TWICs are provided to criminals and can be used to commit crimes on ports. The proposed rule making for TWIC describes multiple possible terrorist scenarios where the TWIC cards will not be effective.    DHS has failed twice to complete successful pilot programs with the TWIC cards. DHS has not completed a reliable analysis of the TWIC program's internal controls or effectiveness, and finally, GAO has demonstrated the TWIC program's weakness through its analysis invert--in covert testing multiple times.    My question is: What about the TWIC cards? Can it be fixed, and if it can, how are you gonna fix it?    Mr. Carter. Right----    Mr. Carter. Okay, and if I could very quickly, I want to follow up on what Representative Katko had mentioned about vetting on some of the airline workers specifically.    In June we had a hearing here, and I was appalled to find out that some of the applicants for TSA positions were only required to have their last name and first initial and no Social Security number. I hope that that has been taken care of already since that hearing, and if it hasn't, I hope that the first thing you do when you get back is to take care of that.    Mr. Carter. Good. Well, let me finish by repeating what I said before. We wish you success, and we want to help you. So, thank you, thank you for what you are doing.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.