    Mr. McCaul. I would like to thank Chairman Ratcliffe for his leadership in holding this hearing today.    Our Government, in my opinion, is still reeling from what appears to be the most significant breach of Federal networks in U.S. history. This insidious attack was aimed at Federal employees who handle our National security, many with security clearances working to defend our country. Yet, the administration failed to defend them.    Instead, it appears that Chinese hackers were able to cut through our defenses and extract information about millions of current and former U.S. Government employees with sensitive security clearances.    As one who has filled these out in the past--I know the Chairman has as well in our tenure at the Justice Department--it is astounding to me that these very sensitive documents went unprotected by the administration.    There can be no doubt that this attack will lead to more brazen attempts to steal America's secrets. Yet, there is no telling if we will be lucky enough to spot it the next time. Clearly the administration needs to take this more seriously.    What is equally appalling to me is the administration's response. No Government employee has been held accountable. No foreign adversary has been warned. No one can say with any degree of confidence whether we can stop this from happening again.    We talk often now about how we have entered a new age that requires new rules of the road. It is very true. I think this is a watershed moment. It appears now that a foreign country has invaded our networks and stolen sensitive data.    Yet, the administration's response is not to promise retaliation. Instead, it has promised to add the issue to the agenda of this week's strategic dialogue with China. I would submit that is not strong enough. There are no consequences to the actions.    What if this had been a foreign adversary invading our territory instead of our networks to steal secrets? How would the White House respond then? What if foreign espionage, we caught them physically stealing the paper files? What would be the response? This is the same action, just in the digital world.    The abilities of our cyber adversaries are no secret. The alarm bell has been going off for years. In 2012, Iran hackers hit Saudi Arabia's national oil company, Aramco, destroying 30,000 computers.    Iran has targeted major U.S. banks to shut down websites and restrict Americans' ability to access their accounts. We have seen intrusions into Target, Neiman Marcus, Home Depot, J.P. Morgan. All these were designed to steal the personal information of private citizens.    In December, North Korea used a digital bomb to destroy computer systems at Sony Pictures, an attack that was destructive, but also a cowardly attempt to stifle our freedom of expression.    In just this year we have seen the breaches of two major health care companies, Anthem and Premera, that together affected up to 90 million Americans.    I hope this latest breach will stir our Government to action and, quite frankly, the Congress in a frank acknowledgment that we have fallen behind.    Our Government is responsible for providing for the common defense under the Constitution, and that also means defending our cyber space.    During the last Congress, I led the efforts to strengthen our cybersecurity foundations, and we managed to get five key cybersecurity bills passed into law. We did this with the support of both industry and privacy advocates.    This year we passed legislation in the House to enhance cyber threat information sharing, which possibly could have prevented this attack from occurring if we had the signature threat information to block the breach from China.    In light of this attack--you know, we always say around here it is going to take a big event for Congress to act. I think the big event has happened and now it is time for Congress to act.    The House has acted. It is now time for the Senate to act and pass the bill that we passed out of the House with overwhelming bipartisan support, 355 votes, supported by both industry and privacy.    The Department of Homeland Security has several cyber tools to defend these networks, such as the EINSTEIN and the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program that were authorized in our bill as well.    But these are only effective if they have been deployed to our sprawling and disparate Federal networks. As of now, only half of the Federal civilian agencies have deployed the latest version of EINSTEIN.    I know, Dr. Ozment, you and I have talked about this. I commend your efforts in expanding this now. Getting just to the 50 percent was quite an accomplishment. But I think we want to hear about the expansion all across the Federal Government, which I think would protect the networks better.    This digital frontier and safeguarding it is one of our leading National security challenges of our time, and we, as Americans, need to apply the same innovation, discipline, and creativity that produced the information age into protecting what we have created.    I want to thank the Chairman again for holding this hearing. With that, I yield back.