    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman, and thank you for your leadership in this very important time in our history in dealing with Middle East issues. President el-Sisi and his team have saved not just the people of Egypt but the entire Middle East from an unstoppable onslaught of radical Islamic terrorism. That is the bottom line. If he would not have acted, if he was not there today, if he fails, radical Islamic terrorism--that is fundamentally anti-Western in nature--will succeed throughout the Middle East. Leading up to al-Sisi's courageous actions, President Morsi made it clear that he was discarding the pledges of moderation and democratic reform. Morsi was and is part of the Muslim Brotherhood, which for decades has struggled to obtain power in order to achieve radical Islamic objectives. Let's note that one of President Morsi's promises was to free The Blind Sheikh, who is now being held in the United States, for his leadership and guidance in the attack on the World Trade Center, which he was trying to kill thousands of Americans. Yet Mr. Morsi was promising to free him from American captivity.    President Morsi's radical agenda became evident, and the people of Egypt rose up against what they saw was turning Egypt into an anti-Western caliphate. El-Sisi stepped in at that time when there were massive demonstrations against Morsi and prevented bloodshed at that point. And, of course, he won't get credit for that.    And we know that during times of crisis like this, whether it is in our country or other countries, there are things that are totally not consistent with a democratic society at times when things are stable. That is why it is important to lead Egypt toward stability and more democratic process. Morsi set out to do just that.    One last note, if Egypt, again, falls to radicalism, anti-Western radicalism, soon all the governments in that part of the world will be overwhelmed. There is no question about that. Our own Government has not been supportive, using the imperfections, which are many--and we have imperfections here, I might add, many of them--using those imperfections as an excuse to perhaps put us in jeopardy for a major expansion of radical Islamic terrorism in that part of the world. Thank you very much for your hearing today.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. And, again, I would like to stress that any country has its imperfections and especially countries that are in crisis and where there are great threats from the outside and the inside generally have major inconsistencies with what I would consider to be part of what Americans believe in.    But let's just note that--let me ask the panel, however, when we are trying to figure out where Egypt is, all this criticism that we just heard and a lot of criticism we just heard, could you tell me another government besides Israel in that region that has a better electoral process, that actually is more closer to democracy, besides Israel? Anybody on the panel got a suggestion?    Mr. Rohrabacher. What?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Besides Egypt.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Tunisia. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So Tunisia and--I don't know if Turkey is included in that or not. But that is not necessarily--they try to be part of Europe and part of that region. So Tunisia and Turkey are the models that you think would be good. Does Tunisia have a pretty stable government now finally? I mean, they went through the new Arab Spring. And I understand they were one of the few countries that went through that and came through with some stability. Is that right?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will accept that. So where would you stack in terms of, let's say, Qatar or, let's say, Saudi Arabia or how about--because Saudi Arabia just had an election. How are their elections and their treatment of minorities and things such as that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yeah, I am asking the panel.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yeah, I noticed that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me just note, Mr. Cook, could you hold on 1 second? What you are describing is our electoral system. Their system of winner take all is what we do here. And so what you are complaining about is that they haven't taken the European system, but they have taken our system, and that is really bad.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, you may be uncomfortable. So you don't like it.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. You don't like our system.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You are uncomfortable with our system. The bottom line is I am not uncomfortable with it. Our Founding Fathers weren't. And the bottom line is the other system may be better. You may be better to have, say, so many people are voting for a Congressman that we will allot a certain number of Congressmen from the other party although none of them won in the election. But that is what the Europeans do. We don't do that. And now you are condemning el-Sisi for that? Wait a minute. Okay.    I have got a couple minutes. I have got to get a couple more questions out. We have President el-Sisi, who went to their clergy, the leadership of the Muslim clergy, and asked for tolerance, for people to try to work together and to cut off this sort of anti-Western radicalism and to accept other faiths. Is there another leader in the Middle East that you can tell me that did that? Muslim leader? Is there any other Muslim leader that did anything like that in the Middle East?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Jordan?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Good. Okay. King of Jordan. Got any more? No. At the least, General Sisi is the best, except for Tunisia and perhaps Turkey and now maybe Jordan. The bottom line is you have to compare General Sisi not in terms of when things are calm, not in terms of basically democratic governments in Europe. You got to say: This is an emergency situation that has happened. You have talked about the insurgencies that he is facing and what our Government seems to have done, and we won't provide them drones. We didn't provide them spare parts for their tanks even. We have--they had a tough time getting any Apaches. When they finally got the Apache helicopters, they didn't have defensive systems on them. And I don't know--have they got the F-16s? Have they now been delivered finally?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Were they delivered?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Fine. Because when I was there 2 years ago, they weren't. And then I went back a year later, and they still weren't. Okay. My time is just about up. Let me just note: I don't believe Egypt and General Sisi are polarizing their society. It is really easy to criticize someone in the middle of a crisis situation like that. For someone to suggest he is polarizing it at a time when Morsi basically was to most Egyptians trying to create an anti-Western caliphate and then to blame Sisi for polarizing and not having elections----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, thank you very much.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Would the gentleman yield for a question? Seeing that he is----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Do you believe we are at war with radical Islamic terrorists?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Do you think that we are at war with radical Islamic terrorists, just as we allied with Stalin during the, against Hitler, et cetera?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, sir.