    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Roth, for your good work here. You did a bang up job on this investigation. You got to the bottom of it. And we appreciate it. I want to talk to you a bit about the videotape procedure there at the White House. Now, we had a chance, a bunch of the members, Chairman Chaffetz and I and the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, went over to the command post for the Secret Service. And they had a full spectrum situation there where they have maybe a dozen different cameras and different angles, and they have got a pretty good view of the White House.    The problem is that in this case, let's just take this case with, you know, the most recent incident where the woman got out of the car and left the bomb in the driveway, that tape was only retained I think for 72 hours. And they did not--they did not tell Director Clancy for 5 days. So by the time they told him about what had happened, most of the tapes had already been destroyed--well, they hadn't been destroyed, they had been taped over. They retape over. That's every 72 hours.    We also had an incident back in November of 2011 where you had an individual, I believe his name was Ortega, Oscar Ortega Hernandez, who took a semi-automatic rifle and shot up the White House, and yet the Secret Service completely missed it, Capitol Police missed it. A housekeeper happened to find some shell fragments and then reported it and then the FBI did an investigation.    But meanwhile, those tapes were destroyed. Those tapes were destroyed. And--but for the fact that this fellow, after he left had a car accident down by the 14th Street Bridge, we would not have known about that. We would not have been able to connect that incident to the shots fired at the White House.    So, what I am getting at is the airports, everybody uses a 30-day cycle on these tapes. The technology today allows us to do that. And I know you had some inquiry into the reasons why they collapsed that time. Why would the Secret Service want to tape over the tapes when we have had these repeated incidents where a longer preservation of those tapes, say for 30 days, would help us to make the White House more secure?    The second example I gave, the President's mother-in-law and his two daughters were in Washington at the time. One of the daughters was home. You know, we are talking about pretty severe consequences here, and we are sort of whistling through the graveyard here in allowing this practice to go on. So what I would like to try to do is to change the protocol, the security protocol at the White House to start doing things in a way that makes the President and his family safer. Because obviously you have got people jumping over the fence, running through the White House, you have got helicopters landing, and drones, you got people shooting up the White House. I am starting to lose faith. I am starting to lose faith in the Secret Service. I really am. And the level of seriousness that we have in protecting our President and his family. This is pretty basic stuff. So after having inquired about the taping practices at the White House, can you tell me if you have any recommendations that they might adopt to accomplish our goal here of protecting the President?    Mr. Lynch. Correct.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Any timeline on that?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. I will yield back.