    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I may be going at this a little bit different than most because the thought of more regulations just hurts my head.    But at the same time what is the point of more regulations if you can't enforce it. And sir, you just made a point of that--it's self-regulated almost.    But there has got to be something done. Mr. Walden, I hear what you say that it is built in but any technology that can be programmed in can also be programmed out. And unfortunately that may not be that particular unit but you can get it online. I can Google right now online and get a kit to build myself.    I couldn't build it but there's a lot of people out there that could. So how do we actually enforce it? How do we actually police it? Because in our communities, and I come from very rural communities, they are useful.    We can check pastures. We can check cattle. We can check fires. We can check areas that we couldn't even normally get to. We'd have to horseback into it and we can go into. And so they are very useful, but at the same time very dangerous.    And so I guess my first question would be how would you guys propose even looking into legislation that would be reasonable to enforce?    Mr. Mullin. Well, I know what you're saying but it doesn't do any good to just self-police. A guy isn't or a gal isn't born a robber and it's an opportunity that creates them to be a thief, right. And the first time you break the rule you'll break the second one too. The hardest lie is the first lie.    Mr. Mullin. I get that. So from the community what do you propose? If the lawmakers get involved in this, come on, we're going to screw this up.    None of us are experts in the field. What we're wanting is outside information. What the chairman is doing here is holding a hearing to find out information for us to build safely and reasonably an act, some type of regulation to be proactive and not reactive.    We're asking professionals like you to come in and help us find this out so we don't pick winners and losers because that's what we do.    Mr. Mullin. So how would that be enforced?    Mr. Mullin. Yes, but not everybody works with them. They are a toy. I mean----    Mr. Mullin. I understand that. But I am talking about the commercial operator is going to be affected by the few bad apples that is going to be in it.    And is there technology that exists? Is there even a way to create the technology to self-monitor that? Professor?    Mr. Mullin. Thank you. My time has expired.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Mullin. I just want to follow up real quick. Maybe not follow up, kind of change directions just a second.    First of all, I got to brag a little bit on our state. University of Oklahoma--actually, I'm sorry, Oklahoma State University--I apologize. That's where I went to school. I should have got that right. There's a little bit of a game coming up in a few weeks.    Anyway, they have been the leader in this for quite some time. In fact, they offered the first graduate degree for UAS and we're proud of that.    I also, at the University of Tulsa, which--give me a second here, I got to brag on my nephew, he plays football for them, Kyle McLaughlin--they have an advanced study going in right now--and Mr. Walden, this is for you--that at the University of Tulsa they are in the process of looking at cyber security space.    Is there a concern with cyber security? I know they have been looking into vehicles lately. But now they switched it to the UAS and I am concerned about it from some of the briefings that we've received.    Have you have any reason to raise concerns on this yet?    Mr. Mullin. Why Florida? Why not Oklahoma?    Mr. Mullin. Good.    Mr. Mullin. OK. That's it. I yield back. Thank you.