    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you both for being here.    Ms. Bresch, your new plan, so let me, as a business guy, let me just give you some advice. Parents are upset with the cost of the EpiPen and the potential of not being able to help their children. That's the problem you have.    And what's happened is I started getting calls when I didn't even know it was an issue from people that were saying the out-of-pocket expense was 600, 700, the insurance wouldn't cover it. And now you've come up with this unbelievable marketing plan that only would suggest that there is unbelievable profits.    I can't imagine anybody in their right mind coming up with a plan like that, instead of just saying: You know what? We screwed up. We knew we had 96 percent of the market, we increased the prices, please forgive us, we'll adjust our prices. So now you're putting out a generic, you're coming up with a different plan for a great product.    And I guess my concern is that as we look at this, you're being thrown in with other witnesses that had sat in your same exact chair who have really stood out to gouge the American people. And I guess my question is, do you believe the increases that you've done with the market share that you have was inappropriate and a mistake from a marketing standpoint?    Mr. Meadows. So how much is this----    Mr. Meadows. How much of this is a----    Mr. Meadows. How much of this is a Medicaid, Medicare, private insurance, private pay issue where you're charging different amounts to different people? Because that's another problem I keep hearing, is it depends on what plan you're on and whether you're covered by high deductibles or not. How much of that is just the nature of the pharmaceutical business that you charge different amounts to different people?    Mr. Meadows. So your pricing model is not, like you say, it cost us X, we make X. You have to come up with all kinds of convoluted ways to make a profit, depending on the coverage for the individual patient. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So I get that. So how are you affording to give free pens to any family that makes less than $97,000 a year? How are you affording to do that based on the profit margin? I was doing the math. So that just means that if you make $100,000 a year, you're going have to pay a big amount of money, and you're going to give them free to everybody else? Is that what I'm hearing?    Mr. Meadows. So your increased cost is actually being borne by big insurance companies that provide insurance for their employees. Is that what you're saying?    Mr. Meadows. Is the giveaway figured into that cost?    Mr. Meadows. So you didn't figure the giveaway of giving away free EpiPens to people that make $97,000 or less into the cost of your product?    Mr. Meadows. It's part of the overall cost.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I would ask you to revisit that. I'm running out of time. I'd ask you to revisit that and make it simpler.    So, Dr. Throckmorton, let me come to you, because this is another hearing with another problem, and part of the problem is, is the FDA has a laborious approval process for any drugs, whether they're orphan drugs or anything else, and your 10-month approval process I don't buy. Is that your testimony today, that you can get drugs approved in 10 months, or just a response?    Mr. Meadows. But I've seen some of those reviews. What you do is you send out a letter and say, well, we need more--so you buy time with your letters that may or may not be really in the approval process.    Mr. Meadows. So when did you stop?    Mr. Meadows. When did you stop? Because I've got copies of them, if you'd like to see them.    Mr. Meadows. When did you stop?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Chairman, I just want one answer, and I'll yield back.    When did you stop using those letters as normal practice.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. I've got letters. I've got letters that have been since then. I'll yield back.