    Mr. Weiss. Thank you, Chairman Poe and Ranking Member Keating. It is an honor and pleasure, while slightly depressing to be here, given the circumstances of the mass murder in one of the world's best and cosmopolitan cities 2 weeks ago.    Last month I was in Istanbul on assignment, interviewing a defector from ISIS. Not just any defector, he had actually served in what is called the amn al-dawleh, which is their state security apparatus. This is the branch of their intelligence wing, which has four main pillars, that Mohammed Emwazi, also known as Jihadi John, had served in. They are responsible for interrogation and detention. They are also responsible for essentially creating a border guard. If you leave their territory, you have to pass through checkpoints.    In some cases, they are responsible for training foreign operatives. And the guy that I was interviewing, I gave him the pseudonym Abu Khaled, told me--this was in mid-October, or late October--that he remembers training two French fighters. And I asked him, where did they go, where are they now? He said they went back to France.    After the Paris attacks, I got in touch with him, and he said, ``You know, I am more than 50 percent certain, if they weren't one of the suicide bombers or one of the gunmen who perpetrated the attacks, that they were involved in some way.'' He said to me, ``Michael, ISIS has got sleeper cells all over the world.'' They have from the very beginning had a foreign expeditionary wing and a foreign policy.    And one of the things that struck me by his relay of what it was like in the 11 months he spent in this organization, they are a state. They conceive of themselves as a state. I know that the United States likes to downplay this and pretend that, no, this is just a terrorist organization, it can and will be defeated quite easily, but that is not how ISIS portrays themselves. And more importantly, as some of the other witnesses have said, that is not how the constituents of ISIS, Sunni Arabs, particularly in the tribal regions of eastern Syria and western-central Iraq see it.    If you are a member of ISIS, gentlemen, you have free health care. And what do I mean by free health care? If you could go to the eye doctor, if you have a toothache, that is all paid for. If you have cancer, they will send you to Turkey so you can get chemotherapy and put you up in a hotel.    You get a salary that beats the band, particularly in war-torn Syria. If you have a wife, you get a subsidy for her. Your rent is free. If you have children, you get subsidies for each child. If you take care of your parents and your in-laws, you get subsidies for them as well. It is like joining the Communist Party in the decaying days of the Soviet Union. There is a nomenklatura, a new class of jihadists.    And part of this ideological propaganda and exportation is what I would call a jihadist internationale. There are main planks to this. We have all heard about the messianic, apocalyptic vision that they espouse. The end days will come in Dabiq, the suburb of Aleppo, where the armies of Rome will meet the armies of Islam, and Islam will be victorious.    But there is also a political project that underwrites this. Let's not forget, the people who run this organization standing behind Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, where did they come from? A lot of them had served in Saddam Hussein's intelligence service, in his military, in the Ba'ath Party. They had training from the Soviet KGB and the Stasi. Abu Khaled, the ISIS defector, told me, ``Now, ISIS doesn't fight so well on the battlefield.'' And he would know, because he trained a lot of the infantry soldiers who went like lemmings to their death in Kobani. In fact, many of them defected or deserted and said, ``We don't want any part of this. We just get bombed the minute we turn up in a house in that city.''    I said, ``So how did they manage to take all this territory?'' He says, ``They have very good tradecraft.'' They are great at spying. They infiltrate rival organizations. If it is the Free Syrian Army, they send an agent into a brigade or battalion of the FSA equipped with $200,000 to $300,000 cash to essentially bribe his way to the top of that organization or the top of that military unit, and all of a sudden he starts manipulating and finessing the activities of the FSA. Some of these groups are backed by the United States and the so-called Friends of Syria.    ISIS takes over territory before the advancing columns of tanks and Humvees and shock troops. They have already cultivated a constituency. They spend a fortune.    Most of the money they are making, by the way--you talk a lot about oil sales, you talk a lot about smuggling of artifacts or human trafficking, that is not it. They have an entire bureaucracy that levies fines and taxes and surcharge on any violation that they deem to be abuse of their penal code or their sharia law.    If you are caught smoking cigarettes, you have to sit for 3 days in a cage in the town al-Bab, if you are in al-Bab, and Aleppo. You also have to pay a fine. If you flee from ISIS-held territory, your house, your property, all of your assets are confiscated. They have a very sophisticated repossession and eminent domain policy. Okay?    This is the reason they want to terrain, because with terrain comes people. They are ``governing,'' lording it over millions of people. And those millions of people are duty bound to pay taxes. I don't have to tell you what happens if they don't or if they defy ISIS or they try to flee.    Like any totalitarian political organization, the likes of which we have seen in the 20th century, there is a carrot-and-stick approach. There is a social outreach program: Come to the paradise of the caliphate, and you can have your Nutella, you can have your video games, you can have your bride, we will populate this land with the cubs and pearls of new generations who will know only life under the true Islam as it should be taught. And then, if you don't, or if you try to stand up or resist ISIS, you will be slaughtered.    You all remember the Al Anbar awakening in the mid-2000 period in Iraq, which was essentially a pragmatic relationship struck between the Sunni tribes and the U.S. military, not because the U.S. military was seen as a liberating force, but it was seen as a more credible alternative than al-Qaeda in Iraq, the head loppers and butchers and rapists and monopolists, the gangsters who stole money from these tribes.    There is no 101st Airborne. There is no 1st Armored Division in Iraq. What there is today, we call it the Iraqi Security Forces, but in reality it is a consortium of Shia militias backed and trained and armed by the Revolutionary Guard Corps of Iran. And many people in the Sunni heartland of Iraq see them as worse occupiers and worse conquerors than     I know it is difficult to wrap your head around this. The Western imagination is very limited in this respect. But believe you me, in Syria we are paying a lot of attention to the Kurds. And every time I go on television or I talk to somebody, all of a sudden the Kurds are going to liberate all of the Middle East.    I have a great deal of respect for the Kurds. I want an independent State of Kurdistan. But I respect them so much that I don't think they would be so foolhardy or stupid to march into Raqqa city or their Deir Ezzor city, much less Palmyra, much less Fallujah or Ramadi. That is just not their game. They are not interested in that, because they know they will be slaughtered.    This what I would call, this sort of strategic region, the Euphrates River Valley, where they are still very much entrenched--I mean, they have lost terrain in northern Syria, they have lost Sinjar, their supply lines across Syria and Iraq have been interdicted--but they are entrenched in the part of those two countries that matters most to them. And the reason is because nobody is coming and presenting a more credible alternative to ISIS. This is the fundamental reality that needs to be appreciated by the United States Government.    A final point. In 2003, when the U.S. invaded Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the founder of the organization known as ISIS, essentially made the case that the United States stupidly blundered into this country and accidentally handed it to the Islamic Republic of Iran. Today, ISIS isn't so sure it was an accident. What they are saying is, actually, no, there is a new coalition of the willing. It is the United States, Russia, mobilized, of course, by the Jews, backed now by Iran, the Shia militias and death squads of Syria and Iraq, Lebanese Hezbollah, and all the apostate or tyrannical Arab regimes in the Middle East and Turkey. There is what I would call a caliphate contra mundum conspiracy theory that ISIS is putting forward.    And the dangerous thing is, if you travel to the region, and I do it a lot, and you talk to Sunnis, they have a hard time telling where ISIS conspiracy theory ends and U.S. foreign policy begins. On a bad day, so do I, frankly. You know, how is that Russia has been allowed to establish a no-fly zone, bombing not ISIS, as even ISIS says in its latest issue of Dabiq, its propaganda magazine, but bombing Free Syrian Army and rebel groups that are fighting both Assad--actually, Assad, Hezbollah, the IRGC, ISIS, and Jabhat al-Nusra all at once, and doing so with, on occasion, sophisticated weapons, but more often than not AK-47s and hand grenades.    You know, this is the thing, geopolitics matters to ISIS. They pay much closer attention to our policy debates and our discussions--they may be watching us on C-SPAN for all I know--than we do to what they are doing in their own terrain, in their own territory.    And, look, if you look at the profiles of these foreign fighters, if you look at the profiles of people who are conducting these terror spectaculars or operations abroad, it is almost out of central casting. They are not fanatical Muslims by birth. In fact, they are first generation. Their parents came to Europe. They made a good trade. They had a good living. They sent their kids to good universities or good finishing schools. And these kids become radicalized remotely. They turn on the television. They see American warplanes dropping bombs on Muslim babies. ISIS is exploiting that like you wouldn't believe.    We look at their atrocities, the immolation of a Jordanian airman. What we are not paying attention to is the other 20 minutes of the video where they are showing literally infants being pulled from the rubble and saying this was courtesy of a Jordanian or Saudi or American bomb. It is very compelling. It is very compelling.    And you don't have to be even a Muslim, much less a pious one or an Islamist, to find it so. And this is the pool of not even hardcore ideologues and supporters, but what I would call the fellow travelers of ISIS that they are drawing strength from. And, indeed, I mean, you may not be interested in the Middle East, but the Middle East is interested in you.    And this is the thing. The leitmotif of U.S. foreign policy today is the more we absent ourselves, the more equilibrium will rise. Qasem Soleimani can be the next David Petraeus. I have got news for you: We are at a more dangerous period now than we were immediately after 9/11, because right now the level of anti-Americanism, it is actually--some of it is grounded in fact. Some of it is grounded in a crushing reality. Five years of attritional warfare, where Bashar Assad has dropped chemical weapons, barrel bombs, you name it, everything but biological and nuclear weapons on his own people, targeting whom? The Sunnis, the exact people we are going to need to fight and defeat ISIS.    And in Iraq, 5 years of tolerating the thuggish regime of Nouri al-Maliki and now providing close air support to who? IRGC-backed proxy groups and militias who are liberating Tikrit only after U.S. F-16s come in. The Sunnis look at us like they hope this is a conspiracy, because if it is incompetence, then they absolutely have no faith in the United States.    Mr. Weiss. Sure. So he spent 11 months with ISIS, and he said within the first 2 he wanted to leave. So he essentially spent 9 months plotting his escape. Because the irony is, when you are a member of amn al-dawleh, you have trained up the very people who will be manning the checkpoints and the border guard to interdict you if you try to flee. And it was sort of out of a le Carre novel, the way he described all the preparation, the obtaining of the false----    Mr. Weiss. So he chose because he said the pervasive climate of paranoia and lies that had been inculcated. Again, he was in a town called al-Bab. I was in al-Bab in 2012. I embedded with the Free Syrian Army when it took this town from the Assad regime and I saw the life and the sort of civic exuberance that was being displayed. I mean, 40 years of totalitarian rule and all of a sudden they are a free people, cleaning up the streets at night, having all-night parties and discussions in the cafes. All of that was put asunder by ISIS when they came in about 5 to 6 months later.    He said to me the sort of turning point moment was what he saw at the farm. What he was referring to is, there was a farmer who came to him and said, ``Abu Khaled, I run this olive farm just north of al-Bab, and it is full of bodies. Every time I till the soil, I turn up an arm, a leg, a foot. And, obviously, this is Daesh doing this. Can you intervene?''    So Abu Khaled went to the emir of al-Bab--who drives a BMW, by the way, because, as he put it, ``Alhamdulillah, the Islamic State is very rich,'' and the emir said, ``No, this isn't us, we don't know anything about it.''    Abu Khaled, a few weeks before, had witnessed the execution of a guy that ISIS said was a spy for the coalition. He had been dropping GPS devices, they accused him of, in al-Bab, the better that coalition warplanes could target positions on the ground. This guy was, as you can imagine, beheaded, and his head was stuck on the pike in the center of al-Bab. He was very distinctive because he was wearing an Adidas track suit, black and white, I think the colors were.    The next time Abu Khaled went to the farm, he saw the body of this man. So he went back to the emir and he said, ``Come on, this is you, this is your doing. This is your sort of makeshift burial ground.'' A day later the emir comes back to him and says, ``Ask the farmer how much he wants for his farm.'' Abu Khaled said, ``If you open the Islamic State daily newspaper, it is like reading Pravda or it is like reading Syrian state media.''    Mr. Weiss. He said because he thought that the United States was behind Bashar al-Assad and Iran and Russia. Essentially he bought into the ISIS geopolitical narrative, there was this conspiracy.    Mr. Weiss. It is actually a recent phenomenon.    Mr. Weiss. Oh, yes. Well, there is the recent example of two Bosnian girls from Vienna had gone over. One of them recently tried to escape and they bludgeoned her to death. And it is not because they care that they are losing members of the caliphate. It is because they don't want these people to come to the West or come out and essentially blow the whistle and expose them for what they are.    There is another vulnerability that doesn't get enough attention here, and actually there is precedent for it because the same thing happened in Iraq. Zarqawi had always presented the insurgency in Iraq, at least the al-Qaeda in Iraq insurgency, as a national--well, essentially one made up of native Iraqis. That wasn't true. Remember, the tip of the spear for the insurgency, the bulk of it was Iraqi, but the tip of the spear were foreigners, Jordanians, Saudis, whatever. He attempted to Iraqize the franchise because he realized that Iraqis were now seeing two forms of occupation, one by the Americans and the coalition, the other by al-Qaeda in Iraq.    The same thing is happening today in Syria. ISIS is run by Iraqis at the top, including, again, members from Saddam's regime, and everybody who is being appointed to serve in the amn'ni, or the amn'niate, which is their security apparatus, they are all non-Syrians. So if you are a 60-year-old woman living in al-Bab and you have lived there your whole life and all of a sudden a 25-year-old Tunisian comes over and says, ``Cover your face, go to mosque, what are you doing outside the house without a husband or an escort, go to mosque,'' this is like having foreign rule, foreign occupation.    That is a, I hate the word ``narrative,'' but I am going to use it anyway, that is a narrative that has not been emphasized. Syrians are very nationalistic, especially the ones that have zero Islamist or jihadist ideology, and they feel now that they are chafing under the kind of occupation that, frankly, is coming from people that they have never met and have countries they have never even be to. We need to emphasize that fact. It is a way to sort of increase the resistance.    Mr. Weiss. Well, Congressman, if ISIS believes that Russia is not hitting ISIS, I would consider that pretty much evidence against interest. If you look at their latest propaganda magazine, Dabiq, they actually laugh, they mock the Russians and they mock us, and they say that the drunken Russian bear is bombing here, there, and everywhere, confusing think tankers and journalists.    In fact, their intervention is targeting the America-backed Sahwa forces. That is to say, Sunni rebel groups that are fighting ISIS, that is who Russia has been bombing. Reuters conducted an investigation a few weeks ago, an independent one, no government sponsorship, found four-fifths of the sorties had been going after non-ISIS targets.    Mr. Weiss. Well, there is another point that doesn't get enough attention as well.    Mr. Weiss. You will have to remind me, Congressman, what was the----    Mr. Weiss. Oh, yes, the idea of foreign occupation, that ISIS is essentially a new form of colonial rulership. That is very powerful. A lot of Syrians, as I said, dislike being governed and lorded over by people that come from other countries.    If I may say, there is another element to this too. We have done nothing, nothing substantive I should say, to really demonstrate to Sunni Arabs that the United States has their plight and their dispossession and ethnic cleansing and murder to heart. A tweet by Samantha Power every now and then doesn't cut it. This has to be backed by fire and steel. Max is 100 percent right.    I actually disagree with Max on one point, though. I think Syria is exactly the place to start. Demographically speaking, it is a Sunni-majority country. That means that, as I mentioned, as everyone here has said, the very constituents you need to turn against Sunni Taqfirism or Sunni jihad are right there, and they are willing and they are able, but they face a lack of credible alternatives.    And here is the thing that sort of gets me. You know, the U.S. puts out this policy of train and equip, right? We are going to create essentially a Sunni--actually it was Sunni-Turkman, not even Sunni-Arab at the start--but a Sunni counterterrorism proxy force, send them in with packs and M-4 rifles and white pickup trucks, and have them fight not only ISIS and make them forswear in a piece of paper that they will not use the weapons and the training they received to go after any of the other manifold groups, which, as Max also pointed out, are responsible for the vast, overwhelming majority of casualties and fatalities.    A study that was done recently found that between January and July of this year, Assad killed seven times the number of people that ISIS has killed. For every atrocity ISIS has committed, Assad has done one better, including burning people alive.    We sent them in with a target painted on their back, right? And it was no surprise that some of them defected to al-Qaeda or sold their weapons.    Now, the one program that is being done with a marked degree of success is the one that nobody wants to talk about, which is the clandestine CIA program to back 39 rebel militias in Syria, provide them, through Saudi Arabia, with TOW antitank missiles. Putin has gone after them expressly, and I know it because I talked to the rebel commanders from those units. And still they hold the line. They have made, as they put it, a graveyard of Syrian tanks in Homs and the al-Ghab plain.    Nobody wants to talk about this because this is the one thing we are doing to actually give the constituents, the indigenous people of Syria, some incentive to work with us. They want to fight Assad first, and they want to fight him for a very pragmatic, simple reason: He is the one killing them.    Mr. Weiss. Yes.    Mr. Weiss. In 2012.    Mr. Weiss. In my personal experience, the people that I saw, they protected me. I did a tour of the entire city with them. I talked to innumerable activists. I mean, I am a journalist for a long time. I can tell when I am being gamed or somebody is giving me a statement that is coerced or not 100 percent truthful.    Mr. Weiss. This was way before that program was inaugurated, or I should say before the program gained enough----    Mr. Weiss. At the time, there were a lot of different rebel units, but they had a common objective. Now, they were insufficiently backed. You want to talk about external support.    Look, here are the facts, I have been to Turkey many times. All these weapons have been pouring in from Libya, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, you name it. But they sit in warehouses. And you have Western intelligence officers going through the warehouses with a manifest saying, ``Yes, you can have this. No, you can't have that.'' The price of bullets in Syria went up astronomically when the insurgency was in its second or third year, okay? They fire their ammunition. They run out. Then they have to come back and say, ``Mother, may I,'' to get more. All the while they are facing down fighter jets, barrel bombs, Scud missiles, sarin gas.    You are asking these rebels--Derek Harvey, a former Defense Intelligence Agency analyst who anatomized the Iraqi insurgency, put it best: We are asking them to fight five different enemies at once with slingshots. And you wonder why they have descended into chaos or, in many respects, defected over to al-Qaeda or over to ISIS.    Mr. Weiss. Well, that was the program I referred to, Pentagon's train and equip. As computer programmers say, the bug was a feature, not an accident, right? The conceptualization of the program was completely flawed. The raison d'etre of all Syrian rebels is to go after the regime, not ISIS. They say, ``We will get to ISIS eventually, they are our enemy.''    There is another program. We say that these groups were vetted. Yeah, the rank-and-file soldiers were vetted. But guess what, I have done deep reporting on this and I helped bury the program because it was so flawed and tainted. The commanders, the brigade commanders we were sending in to lead these guys had not been properly trained or vetted. And it is any wonder that they took our materiel and sold it to al-Qaeda?    So this is the program that, frankly, I opposed from the very beginning, because you have to understand the culture, you have to understand what these people are going through.    Mr. Weiss. I agree with everything Daveed said, including Turkey's dark turn. You will recall the U.S. Special Forces raid that killed Abu Sayyaf, I think somewhat erroneously referred to as ISIS' oil minister or CFO, some of the best reporting done on the aftermath of that raid was done by a friend of mine at the Guardian, Martin Chulov, who said the intelligence that the U.S. took back from that compound has very much implicated the Turkish Government in all kinds of conversations and discussions with senior ISIS officials. Turkish businessmen have been buying more oil from ISIS than even Bashar al-Assad, who remains one of the chief financiers of ISIS through the energy economy trade.    I think that this is exactly as Daveed said, let the Islamists and the jihadists come in and let them be the commandos if NATO doesn't want to have it. Assad will take it by hook or by crook.    I have traveled the Syrian border from Turkey. I can give you a funny anecdote or two. There was a native from Homs, Syria, wearing a keffiyeh, who was stopped by the Turkish Gendarmerie and questioned, interrogated for 20 minutes because the guy didn't think he was Syrian. I went across, no problem. So apparently I look more Syrian than someone from Homs.    Another journalist friend of mine who is Indian was actually stopped once. He has been across that border two dozen times. And the last time he was stopped and arrested, he convinced the Turks that he was a Syrian refugee. I guess he had dark skin. They gave him a refugee card. Now he can go back and forth as he likes. He is a British journalist too, but from India by heritage.    It is a sieve, that border, and it is a sieve not because it is so difficult to invigilate, but because the Turks have chosen to look the other way.    With respect to the rebels, I want to be very clear. David Petraeus, not exactly a squish on radical jihadism, Sunni or Shia, made a very controversial comment actually to the Daily Beast, my publication, several months ago. He said, look, there are elements within Jabhat al-Nusra, which is the official al-Qaeda franchise in Syria, that we can peel away to work with us.    Now, this was remarkable for two reasons. Number one, you will recall the awakening/surge period in Iraq. The only group that the U.S. refused to work with in the Sunni insurgency constellation was al-Qaeda in Iraq. There were every other group, whether nationalist, Islamist, or even, frankly, borderline jihadists, who had been on Tuesday bombing U.S. compounds or military checkpoints or forward operating bases, on Wednesday receiving U.S. weaponry and close air support because they had become essentially a paramilitary squad hunting and killing al-Qaeda in Iraq.    A same dynamic exists today in Syria. Now, Daveed is right, rebel groups that we would consider, quote/unquote, moderate or nationalistic or at least not so bad in the Islamist orientation, work cheek by jowl with Nusra or work at an operational tactical capacity with Nusra because they think Nusra, frankly, most of them are Syrians, they are not so bad, and, yes, the West demonizes them all as al-Qaeda, but we know a lot of these people.    There are interviews. I can acquaint every member on this panel with many of them. People who went from the anti-Assad protest movement to some to FSA battalion to Jabhat al-Nusra to ISIS, then defecting. What does that tell us? Not everybody is born a die-hard ideologue. Not everybody who is a jihadi yesterday will remain one tomorrow. There is a lot of human capital that can still be worked with.    But, again, you have to be persuasive. You have to show the Sunni Arabs of that country that we have their back, that their plight matters to us. And right now, they think the opposite is true. And that, ultimately, in addition to Assad's depravity and the IRGC's depravity and Lebanese Hezbollah's depravity, is the greatest recruitment drive for ISIS.