    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the committee highlighting School Choice Week, and of course, we are doing it a week late, but you know, it is never too late to celebrate school choice, and we should celebrate school choice all 52 weeks of the year. I want to thank our witnesses for coming before us today.    My home State of Colorado has a number of mechanisms to allow parents to choose schools. We have open enrollment within districts. We have open enrollment between districts. We not only allow districts to charter schools, we have a state chartering network.    The history of incorporating privately run schools into the school choice network has been legally troubled in Colorado. The first attempt in recent history was in 2003 through an opportunity contract program, which effectively required some of the low performing districts to reach out to private providers within their jurisdiction and create contracts to provide for education.    This was struck down by our State Supreme Court on local control grounds. We have local control incorporated into our governing document and in our constitution.    The more recent attempt was at the local level where one of our large suburban school districts, Douglas County, elected a school board that chose to pursue a voucher-like program, and again, while they implemented that for a year, it was struck down by the Supreme Court on very different grounds, namely using state money to fund religious schools. We are one of the states with language in our state's constitution that prohibits that or not.    The status of the voucher program with regard to secular schools remains in question. There were six secular schools in the initial roll out from Douglas County.    My question for Mr. Robinson is given that legal framework we have had in Colorado, the most effective way that we have seen on the ground to incorporate private providers into the public education network has been through contract education.    I see that is not one of the areas you have highlighted. You have highlighted tax credits and vouchers. I wonder if you have any thoughts on contract education, namely making school districts that choose to contract with private providers, and I will give you an example, we have had for well over a decade Denver Public Schools, one of the largest school districts in our state, fluctuates between first and second, contracted with a private provider called Escuela Tlalelolco, a predominately Latino school, and effectively compensated them for the students that were enrolled there.    What are your thoughts on contract education and is that something you might be able to incorporate into your global look at school choice?    Mr. Polis. And both school districts, I would point out as well, as well as charter schools in Colorado provide contract education opportunities, whether that is online or physical.    My next question is for Mr. Bryan. It came up in the discussion when you were asked some questions about your bill from Ms. Fudge and others. The students that are publicly funded do take the state assessments, is that correct, under your bill?    Mr. Polis. I want to be clear because there was some discussion about that, that somehow there was freedom or escaping accountability. The students that are not publicly funded, that is up to the school whether they take the--    Mr. Polis. Is that the same test that other public school students take in your state?    Mr. Polis. Well, you know, again, there sounds like there is an accountability problem there. I think where taxpayer funds go, there needs to be accountability, and in all the incidences of school choice in our state and certainly the voucher programs that I am aware of, Milwaukee and Washington, D.C., among others, all of those students would take the same test as other public school students.    Of course, schools that fail to achieve progress would presumably face the same consequences as other public schools, which could potentially be loss of funding. It depends under state laws. Regardless of whether a school is a public school, a charter school, or an independent school that somehow participates in public education, what we as policymakers should care about is quality.    Last question--we are out of time. I was going to ask about IDEA, and mention that many school districts who are already responsible, of course, for meeting the educational needs of each student already contract with many private providers for special education services to ensure that those students' learning needs are met.    I thank the chair for the hearing and the time, and I yield back.