    Mr. Ferriero. Good morning.    Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and distinguished members of the committee, thank you for inviting me here today to discuss the National Archives and Records Administration and our ranking in the Partnership for Public Service's 2014 Best Places to Work in Federal Government.    My written testimony contains details of the many actions underway to address employee engagement and morale issues at the National Archives. What I would like to convey now to you and, more importantly, to any NARA staff member who may be watching this hearing is that I take the results of the annual Employee Viewpoint Survey very seriously and personally.    Much of the work that goes on behind the scenes at the Archives is hard, physical work in windowless facilities that lack amenities found in most Federal office settings. Believe me, I know. I began my career pulling and reshelving books and journals for long hours in the bowels of the libraries at MIT.    I have traveled to NARA facilities over the past few years and met with employees. What is most distressing to me is that many staff feel that they have felt undervalued and overworked for years. They're also rightfully frustrated by the simple facts that, over the past three decades, our holdings have more than tripled, customer expectations have changed dramatically, and electronic records requiring new resources, while at the same time our workforce numbers have declined.    We are far behind finding efficiencies to do more with less. The very nature of our work has changed to the point where employees of 30 years ago would not even recognize it. NARA staff work hard every day to continue to provide excellent service to our customers and preserve and manage our holdings, but the pressure does affect morale.    I inherited NARA's low EVS scores when I took this job 5 years ago. As you will see in my written testimony, much has been done to address the results of the survey. But because you invited me here today, you also know that positive change has been slow in coming.    We have adopted some of the newest and most innovative practices for engaging the Federal workforce, including the strategies in the recently released OMB memo on strengthening employee engagement and organizational performance and the six best practice strategies recommended by the Partnership for Public Service. These practices include holding executives accountable for executing engagement, improvement plans developed with staff, partnering with our labor union, and being transparent about our EVS results.    More importantly, we listened to staff and are following through with actions they identified as important to improving their satisfaction, including developing a cadre of motivated, well-trained supervisors, administering a fair and effective performance management system, providing meaningful career paths, creating a culture of respect and appreciation, and making workplace safety a priority, providing easy access to the tools employees need to do their jobs.    We have started to see the results of these efforts in our annual scores. In 2014, the majority of NARA employees responded positively to questions focused on the relationship with their supervisors, including trust, respect, and support. We have seen improvement in questions related to performance management and diversity and inclusion.    Our employees have consistently demonstrated their commitment to NARA's mission and work, and this is reflected in the EVS survey. They've also responded positively to questions that measure their perceptions of teamwork and quality of work. These are strengths that NARA must nurture and grow in order to build greater trust in agency leadership and pride in being part of our agency as a whole.    They deserve an agency that they can honestly call one of the best places to work in the Federal Government. I firmly believe that we are on the right path and that the future is bright for the National Archives. Millions of people visit our facilities and walk away full of pride, having been inspired by the history of our Nation.    Three thousand NARA employees make that experience possible. From those who are driving forklifts to those who are helping respond to more than 1 million annual requests, to help veterans claim benefits, to those who are caring for the Declaration of Independence, they all work for the common good of the National Archives and the citizens of our country, and we should all be proud and inspired by their service.    Mr. Ferriero. I think it's clear that a tripling in the size of the record collection and a decrease in the number of total staff over a period of years has had tremendous impact on the staff's ability to keep up with the work that needs to be done.    What I was sharing with you yesterday was my own experience about how routine the jobs get to be and no opportunities for advancement or enhancement of job skills.    So we have an initiative underway that's addressing career paths so that folks have an opportunity to join the National Archives and see a career path that gives them a certain set of skills and opportunities for advancement.    As I said, it's very personal to me because this is the situation that I had when I first started my job in this profession.    Mr. Ferriero. Well, we've laid out--I'm encouraged because the staff at large has taken this seriously and they've taken ownership of the issue.    So we have employee engagement teams working across the National Archives to identify in the local area what are the most important issues that are--and they're basing this on the scores--what can we do locally to address these issues. A national-level team works with those individual teams to look at patterns across the agency.    Mr. Ferriero. I would like to be able to come back to you and brag about the fact that we have improved scores in at least three different areas that the staff has identified as problem areas.    Mr. Ferriero. I can provide that for you.    Mr. Ferriero. Just under 3,000.    Mr. Ferriero. And they love it.    Mr. Ferriero. To collect, protect and encourage the use of the records of the U.S. Government.    Mr. Ferriero. Just under 3,000.    Mr. Ferriero. In 44 facilities--46 facilities across the country.    Mr. Ferriero. Our attrition rate is comparable to other Federal agencies except in the area of student employees where we have been in the past heavily reliant on student help, and that turns over faster than--than regular employees.    Mr. Ferriero. Between 7 and 8 percent.    Mr. Ferriero. Our--we do exit interview, yes. Very often it's better opportunities. We have tremendous placement of our--especially of our archivists in other Federal jobs. So we do a lot of training, and people take those skills and go to be records managers in other agencies, for instance.    Mr. Ferriero. The ability for us to do more with less has reached the--its--we're at the point where we can't do more with less. We have not--the appropriate level of staffing to do the job that we need to do.    Mr. Ferriero. It certainly contributes to--we have a--we have a staff who ranks their passion for the job at something like--98 percent of the staff love what they're doing and feel that they're doing important work, and the fact that they can't do the quality of work that they've done in the past really hurts.