    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, Secretary Carter, some of us were a little bit surprised at your appointment. And I just have to say to you, it was a pleasant surprise. And I, for one, am very gratified, sir, that you are where you are. I think it is a good thing for the country.    Mr. Franks. Well, as you know, producing fissile material is by far the most challenging component of developing nuclear weapons. And I know you also know that once the 4.5 percent enrichment level has been reached that about 75 percent of the work or the enrichment has been done to gain the weapons grade material.    Requiring Iran to dismantle its mechanism to enrich uranium or produce plutonium was the centerpiece of nearly a dozen U.N. Security Council resolutions because essentially we considered that in many ways the whole ballgame. But in direct contradiction to that reality and the U.N. Security resolutions, Mr. Obama's interim agreement with Iran astonishingly provides a protected protocol to enrich uranium.    And if you forgive the political importunity of the question, do you believe that an agreement of the long-term with Iran going forward that allows him to enrich uranium or produce plutonium is in the best national security interests of the United States?    Mr. Franks. Well, I certainly wish you the very best in that and everything else that you do, sir.    And General Dempsey, let me just express--just personal gratitude and collective gratitude for the whole country for the gallant service that you have offered to the human family. I mean this has been an amazing thing that you have done and we are grateful to you.    So with that you know I always ask you a tough question.    General Dempsey. Let me--can I go on for a minute and 25 seconds thanking you for the kindness that you have just----    Mr. Franks. I think he gauged that I have about 25 seconds left.    General Dempsey, what is the current cap on troop developments--deployments I should say, in Iraq? I think it is around 3,100. And is there a justification for that troop level? Or is it really an arbitrary policy decision?    General Dempsey. No.    Mr. Franks. And do you believe in your best military judgment that that policy represents the surest and best policy to expeditiously defeat ISIS?    General Dempsey. My military advice on the best and most enduring way to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant is through our partners, with a coalition, and using our unique capabilities, whether they be training or precision strikes or working to build institutions, so that the Iraqis, notably, understand they have--and other regional stakeholders who have more to lose and more to gain by the defeat of ISIL--actually are in the lead.    And therefore, that number is not arbitrary at all. It is purpose-built to that effect.    Mr. Franks. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back.    Thank you both again.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Nugent.