    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCabe, one way to measure the impact of your rule is to look at what is expected energy mix would be without the rule using what is called a reference or base case, and then what the projected energy mix would be with the rule. Do you agree?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, you agree, that's how we do it.    Mr. Shimkus. Or that's how you should do it. When EPA proposed its rule on June 14, it projected a base case that said there would be an estimated 244 gigawatts of coal generation in 2020 under existing regulatory and economic conditions. Does that sound right to you?    Mr. Shimkus. It's right here. Say yes. I can show it to you.    Mr. Shimkus. Today, EPA says that the base case shows an estimated 208 gigawatts of coal generation capacity by 2020. My understanding is there have been no significant regulations or economic changes since your first estimate, so can you explain why EPA would eliminate 36 gigawatts of coal generation from its baseline?    Mr. Shimkus. OK, 244 in June, 208 in August of '15. that's 72 power plants.    Mr. Shimkus. 36 gigawatts of power.    Mr. Shimkus. OK, let me go to the next question. According to EPA's data when it eliminated all that coal generation from last year's baseline, 31 gigawatts, 70 power plants of coal capacity drop off in 2016 alone, 1 year. You're projecting 70 coal-fired power plants to drop generating in 1 year. Will you please explain why EPA in 1 year's time has eliminated that 31 gigawatts?    Mr. Shimkus. Your baseline of the initial rule, you dropped off 31 gigawatts of generation in a year, 70 power plants.    Mr. Shimkus. Could I ask you to give us a detailed explanation about this for the record?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. In total, EPA projects 214 gigawatts of coal capacity in 2016, while the Department of Energy's Information Agency, administration projections are 261 gigawatts. Can you explain why the Energy Information Agency says 261 gigawatts of power, coal-fired power, and you say 214?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much. For the record, I would appreciate that.    In March of 2015, EPA estimated 238 gigawatts of coal generation in its baseline, then just a few months later in August that number dropped to 214 gigawatts, in just a few months. Will you please explain why EPA according to its own documents eliminated between March and August of this year, 23 gigawatts of coal generation from its baseline. That would be about 46 power plants. What possibly could change in a few months time?    Mr. Shimkus. For the record----    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Now, the last question. Would you agree that if EPA is underestimating coal power capacity in the baseline of this rule, the agency is significantly under-reporting the impacts of its rule on coal generation?    Mr. Shimkus. OK, but part of this debate is going to be the cost to the individual, the companies, the rate increases. So, if you're underestimating by your 2014 June analysis and your 2015, and you drop off 70 coal-fired power plants, base-load going to my friend, Jerry McNerney's question, your final analysis you're going to under-report the impact because you have sliced major gigawatt production of coal in this country with no explanation that we can find in any of these documents.    Mr. Shimkus. But that's when we had technology to meet it. There's no technology right now, as has been already identified, that's affordable and accessible to the industry, penalizing those existing generations, and make it more difficult for new generation. This is a disaster. We're trying to help you from yourselves, and if we don't get the real numbers, there's no way you can adequately defend this in the courts. And I yield back my time.