    Mr. Klingler. Thank you, Chairman, Ranking Member Cohen for this opportunity to appear before you. My legal practice and service in government have focused on counterterrorism and related constitutional and statutory issues.    Although I represent certain victims of the September 11th attacks, in ongoing litigations that JASTA would assist, my comments address the broader benefits and operation of this important legislation, as elaborated in my written submission. JASTA modernizes the FSIA's treatment of claims directed against state-facilitated terrorism striking the United States.    As we painfully learned, terrorist attacks here are often the tragic conclusion of a course of conduct that originates abroad. Officials and agents of various foreign states in the Middle East, South and Central Asia and elsewhere, have various dealings with terrorist organizations, with international capabilities, and deeply-held hostility to Americans.    Courts have addressed state-facilitated terrorism under the FSIA for decades, but risks of adverse state action are increasing. At the same time, our Nation's capabilities to address these risks through civil litigation have proven inadequate. The principal statute designed to deter and remedy acts of terrorism, the ATA, generally does not apply to foreign states.    Two FSIA provisions already permit certain terrorism-related claims against foreign states, but one depends on the rarely used power to designate foreign states sponsors of terrorism, and the other, the tort exception, is not designed for terrorism in particular, and has at times has been applied narrowly.    JASTA enhances the ability of U.S. courts to address acts of terrorism, but only narrowly expands existing exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity. It slightly adjusts the tort exception, which has long supported claims against state-sponsored terrorism.    JASTA supports only claims that concern a state facilitated attack on U.S. soil. Any sovereign has the ability and obligation to remedy such injuries; as the Supreme Court cases made clear, Congress is the appropriate body to discharge that obligation, by enabling legal claims.    Expanding the scope of civil litigation can ensure justice for victims, deter and redress specific attacks and enhance our Nation's counterterrorism efforts. The prospect of litigation can prompt sovereigns to disentangle their operations from terrorist networks, or to provide justice to victims. Judicial processes, or state-to-state negotiated settlements, can provide a reckoning with history, demonstrate current commitment to right conduct, and enhance relationships with the U.S. government and financial community.    JASTA also claims the FSIA's strategy of depoliticizing immunity determination by transferring responsibility from the executive to the judiciary, but it maintains important roles for the executive. JASTA does not disturb the president's exclusive role to determine which foreign states maybe subject to sue for claims of injury abroad.    For terrorist attacks here, JASTA draws upon a different presidential power, to suspend claims to effectuate state-to-state agreements that would provide comparable redress. For claims under Section 1605(b), the executive can limit suits against foreign sovereigns, but must do so while also fostering the interest of the victims. Nor does the possibility that foreign states might mirror JASTA's jurisdiction pose risk to U.S. activities.    JASTA narrowly focuses on state-facilitated acts of international terrorism, based on a narrow, established definition. Its exception does not extend to self-defense and like actions, and does not concern claims against individuals.    If the concern is instead that foreign states will use JASTA simply as an excuse to implement broader exceptions to immunity, that has little to do with JASTA. Any state seeking to do so could point to the FSIA's existing tort exception, and its provisions related to state-sponsored terrorism.    As the Supreme Court Salman Khan decision confirms, the FSIA and JASTA's amendments, therefore, have nothing to do with claims against individual officials, and provide no basis for foreign states to expand claims against American officials. The scope of sovereignty administered by the executive is unchanged with respect to those individuals.    But the relative exception to sovereignty related to claims against foreign states was created in 1976, and expanded in the 1980's and 1990's. JASTA is no sea change. Its opponent's real quarrel is with Congress' earlier policy judgements, which have produced no dire consequences over decades.    Instead, considerations of military, political and economic power, and our diplomacy, have determined, and will continue to determine, whether foreign Nations foster legal claims against the United States, just as they do for other potential foreign state actions adverse to our interests. JASTA would not change that calculus.    It does, though, empower and encourage our diplomats to use those traditional tools more effectively, to include the interests of victims of terrorism among our highest foreign policy objectives.    And if I might add just a quick observation about the State Department presentations we just heard--you know, they failed to acknowledge how existing FSIA provisions could be used as the pretext for expanded foreign state jurisdiction that the State Department fears. They failed to point to any adverse consequences arisen from decades of cases applying 1605, 85 and Section 1605A, to foreign states for facilitating terror, other than the Cuban and Iranian judgments, which frankly are a political issue, and would be dealt with on a political basis just as any others would.    The Department failed to note that the Administration's own prominent exaggerations of the changes reflected in JASTA have contributed to certain confusion and discomfort on the issue abroad.    And it failed to address, altogether, the Department's role in fostering state-to-state settlements and securing accountability for wrongful foreign state actions directed at U.S. citizens.    All these characteristics of the Department's response indicate why JASTA is needed, rather than why it is not, and explains why the Senate unanimously rejected the Administration's arguments. So JASTA confirms Congresses' initial policy judgments reflecting the FFSI, and generally seeks to ensure the Department will place a much higher priority on terrorism. Thank you.    Mr. Klingler. Thank you very much. Two principal reactions--one is the scope of JASTA itself. I mean, if the theory is that there is actual mirroring of JASTA's terms abroad, then the scope of our exposure arising from JASTA is limited to our undertaking acts of international terrorism. And the additional exposure of reciprocal retaliation would only be what JASTA extends beyond the current FSIA limitations.    In other words, a foreign state that is actually motivated and seeks to do that could do it today. They could say, ``The United States has Section 1605A. That allows a suit in our court based on a designation by the executive, and we designate the United States,'' they could do that. Or they could point to the tort exception, and say the United States Courts are divided over the scope of the tort exception, they all agree, and the State Department even agrees that acts of Americans abroad--or I am sorry--acts of a foreign state in America, would fall within the current exception. So we are going to extend or immunity exception to acts of Americans abroad.    So, JASTA itself contains a set of limitation, and does not extend current law particularly broadly. The other principal response, and I think what has driven this area for the last 40 years is that this is handled by the United States Government in an exceptionally professional and effective way. It is a political, military and diplomatic issue.    When a foreign country begins to restructure its judicial processes to direct their actions at the United States, we take a broad range of action. Judge Mukasey's point about Belgium, and our threatening to shift NATO, shows actually that we do have the capability to respond to this, that we can meet both sets of objectives. We can ensure that injuries in the United States can be redressed by our courts, and that inappropriate extensions of jurisdiction elsewhere can be met appropriately by our diplomatic forces. They have the tools to do that.    Mr. Klingler. Very few. I represent an association of insurers. I work with co-council, who represent, you know, a much broader range. And at times, when I have, say, argued in the second circuit on this issue, it is on behalf of the broader range of plaintiffs.    Mr. Klingler. In the case generally, oh, the class action extends into, you know, the several hundreds.    Mr. Klingler. Certain of the victims have been compensated. The extent of the compensation, though, is quite limited. And even for the ones who were compensated, others have not been compensated at all. And even for the ones that have been compensated, both the extent of the injury, but particularly the process--the justice element--that what a number of the plaintiffs want more than anything else is an accounting. Someone to actually delve into the fact----    Mr. Klingler. Because they are not necessarily eligible under the particular compensation scheme. For example, for, you know, the massive property damage.    Mr. Klingler. Well, I think even some of the personal, but I am not familiar with how that line is drawn.    Mr. Klingler. Thank you very much. I think that rests on just a fundamental misunderstanding of how the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act has been structured by the political branches.    Congress made the initial determinations, in both the tort exception and in 1605A, that there would be a series of judicial determinations related to--in the former case injury arising just in the United States; in the latter case, it would be injury arising anywhere subject to the executive determination. And what JASTA is seeking to do is really to restore that basic understanding that tort exception passed in 1976 by a political branch, that indicated that we do not want a politicized executive process to be the focus of determining when victims of a whole range of injures including terrorism, can get relief.    Instead, we will create narrow categories that are internationally recognized where the judiciary is the appropriate forum for that. That was the basic decision in 1976, and JASTA just carries that forth.    Mr. Klingler. If I could. The 1605 executive power is preserved for all injuries overseas. And I think that we cannot underestimate the fact that there have been state-facilitated terrorism cases brought under the tort exception.    Let's go back decades--that is Liu in the ninth circuit, that is Letelier in the district court, and that is for the 9/11 cases apart from the Saudi case. Since 2008, the theory of JASTA is what underlies the claims against the Afghans that have been brought in the DDC and at least allowed to go into discovery by the Second Circuit.    Mr. Klingler. You are absolutely right that JASTA does not apply to claims against individuals. The entire Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act does not apply to claims against individuals.    So, to the extent that there would be foreign governments that want to initiate jurisdiction to pursue individual Americans, that has nothing to do with reciprocating against either the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, or JASTA itself.    Mr. Klingler. Right, a couple of points. I mean, one is that foreign sovereigns are in U.S. courts every day under the various exceptions. Some of those manners are extremely sensitive--a number of--both on the tort exception and expropriations, and some commercial matters. And judges have developed a whole range of doctrines, some of which are very favorable to foreign sovereigns to make sure that discovery, if it even takes place, is limited; that there is direct appeal in cases of the unnecessary invasion of the foreign interest.    And frankly, we should kind of keep in mind what the national security context is here. And judges manage this issue everyday. I do not have the experience obviously of Judge Mukasey, but the issue here is whether the state facilitated a terrorist attack on U.S. soil. That may implicate various correspondence, it may implicate various correspondence with other governments.    The United States has the ability to enter appearances and help to manage that issue, but the national security sensitivity is going to be whether the Nation attacked us or not, or facilitated those who did.