    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. With the approval of the ranking member, we are going to start. And thank you very much. The subcommittee will come to order.    After recognizing myself and the ranking member for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize any other member seeking recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses. Thank you for your patience. Without objection the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record and members may have 5 days to insert statements and/or questions for the record subject to the length and limitations in the rules. The chair now recognizes herself for a loosely defined 5 minutes.    As we are all aware, earlier this week the Department of State issued a notice warning of a possible imminent attack in Kabul. With so much of our attention focused on the threat from ISIS and the problems in Syria, Iraq, and Iran, it is important that we do not lose sight of some of the other areas of concern for our national security interests, and this security warning is a stark reminder of that.    It took a resurgent Taliban seizing control of Kunduz for President Obama to adjust his strategy, announcing a halt to the withdrawal of American forces from Afghanistan. It was an acknowledgement that the strategy of gradual withdraw was not in line with the reality on the ground. Yet concerns remain that the President isn't leaving behind enough troops to support our objectives in Afghanistan. What was lost in the discussion was the fact that Afghan security forces were able to regain Kunduz back from the Taliban.    Our military leaders on the ground feel confident that the Afghan security forces have done a good job fighting during this season, and are more professional than the Iraqi security forces. Today our core mission is to train, to advise, and to assist the Afghan security forces, and to conduct counterterrorism operations against al-Qaeda and its many affiliates.    Last month I led a bipartisan congressional delegation (codel) visit and was pleased to be joined by one of our members of our subcommittee, Dr. Yoho, to Afghanistan to meet with our troops carrying out this important mission, as well as to discuss pressing issues with President Ghani, CEO Abdullah, General Campbell, and other U.S. military leaders. I had also visited in 2013 when we met with President Karzai.    The one thing that was abundantly clear to me this time around and echoed by everyone with whom I met was that the Afghan Government's eagerness to cooperate with us has greatly improved and that the team of Ghani and Abdullah is an improvement over any combination of Karzai and anyone else.    The current Afghan leaders are saying the right things and are undertaking efforts to root out corruption, to secure and stabilize their own country. We cannot abandon our ally. We must redouble our efforts to remain engaged to seek a more stable Afghanistan.    ISIS is growing in its presence in Afghanistan, mainly by attracting some of the more radical elements of the Taliban who have broken away and have sworn allegiance to ISIS. And that makes our strategy in Afghanistan that much more important. General Campbell told Congress that the terror group status in Afghanistan has grown from nascent to operationally emergent over the course of just a year. Yet when I led our congressional delegation to Afghanistan, I was shocked to hear that our mission does not give our commanders and troops the authority to go after ISIS, that the tasks for containing and defeating this rising threat falls squarely on the Afghan Government and its security forces.    The day the codel departed from the region, we learned that seven people in Afghanistan were beheaded by ISIL, and thousands of people came out to the streets to protest this horrific act of terror. We must rethink the scope of our mission to include taking on more than just al-Qaeda and its affiliates. We should also re-assess our counternarcotics approach in Afghanistan. Terror and drugs are linked as much as the profits from the drug trade in Afghanistan fund these terror groups. While it is encouraging that the new Afghan Government has signed a new counterdrug plan, we need to ensure that it has the resources it needs to succeed in action.    I remain concerned that the number of DEA agents has decreased substantially. Our state INL staff are limited in their movements, and the Afghan counternarcotics forces cannot concentrate on the drug trade because they are busy fighting terrorism. Both the U.S. forces and the security forces of Afghanistan have a limited amount of air lift capabilities, which further limits their ability to tackle any major security or counternarcotics concern. This runs the danger of leaving a wide area of Afghanistan unexposed to our security efforts, and it could have terrible and tragic consequences.    The administration needs to revisit its strategy, and not just put a halt on the withdrawal because artificial timelines will not work, and it needs to also get buy-in from Pakistan. President Ghani has reached out his hand to Pakistan, but has been rebuffed. The U.S. cannot afford to have Pakistan play into the instability in Afghanistan and to continue to allow terrorists safe haven inside its borders. We currently have a pending military package for Pakistan before us in this committee. We need to use this leverage to get Pakistan to do more on the counterterrorism front and to collaborate rather than work against the Afghan Government and its security forces.    During our trip we were also honored to meet with the courageous women of Afghanistan and were proud to hear of the strides that they are making on behalf of women's rights thanks to their hard work and leadership. The stakes are too high in Afghanistan for the Afghan people, for the region, and for U.S. national security interests to allow Afghanistan to fall back on any of the progress we have made together thus far.    Lastly, I want to thank the men and women who so bravely serve and protect our national security interests in Afghanistan. We had an opportunity to meet with so many of these truly heroic and courageous individuals who continue to put their lives at risk each and every day so that we can sleep safely at home while they are out there defending our freedom and our values.    And it says say this, it says here. Say this: Congressman Deutch got pulled into a last minute meeting, but he will show up a little bit later.    So now I am going to recognize other members for their statements. And we will begin with Mr. Cicilline.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, sir.    Mr. DeSantis.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Ms. Frankel, who was actually here before Mr. Cicilline, because she welcomed you with great pomp and circumstance. I did not realize that, Ms. Frankel.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you for your family's sacrifice, Ms. Frankel.    Mr. Zeldin.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Boyle of Pennsylvania.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Amen. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chabot of Ohio.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Clawson of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Clawson. And we have been joined by Mr. Weber of Texas, in case you have a off-the-cuff opening statement, we would love to hear it. You do your best work that way.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, thank you. Then I am pleased to welcome our panelists. First we are pleased to welcome back Dr. Frederick Kagan who comes from a well-respected esteemed--they are a think tank, that family, all to themselves. He is the DeMuth chair and director of the Critical Threat Project at the American Enterprise Institute. Previously Dr. Kagan served as a professor of military history at the United States Military Academy at West Point, and was part of General McChrystal's strategic assessment group in Afghanistan. Welcome back.    Secondly we would like to welcome Dr. David Sedney. How should I do that?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Who is senior associate for the Center of Strategic International Studies. In the past he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Central Asia; Deputy Chief of Mission in the U.S. Embassy in Kabul; and senior advisor to then U.N. Ambassador John Negroponte. Welcome, sir.    And last but certainly not least, we would like to welcome Dr. Andrew Wilder who is Vice President of Asia Programs at the United States Institute of Peace. He has served as research director for politics and policy at the Feinstein Center at Tufts University, and has managed humanitarian development programs in Afghanistan for NGOs such as Save the Children, the International Rescue Committee and Mercy Corps. Welcome, Dr. Wilder.    And we will begin with you, Dr. Kagan. Thank you. Your statements will be made a part of the record. Please feel free to summarize.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. If you can hold that a little bit closer.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Dr. Kagan. Dr. Sedney.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Push that button there and hold it close to you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Yikes. It is getting worse.    Dr. Wilder, any good news there?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Would you like that to be entered into the record, sir?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Without objection, so ordered.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Thank you to all three of you for excellent testimony. I would first like to recognize Major Adrian Foster who served in Iraq and accompanied our codel to Afghanistan. Take a bow; come on. Thank you, Major, for your service. Thank you.    My questions are in three categories: Afghan security forces capabilities, drug trade, and then, thirdly, Afghan governance. Dr. Kagan, the first one is to you. As much as we want the Afghan security forces to take the lead in the defense of Afghanistan. It is their country, and they have shown vast improvements no doubt. We still have many national security interests at stake that are too important to leave to uncertainty.    You have warned that enemy expansion in Afghanistan, including ISIL, will accelerate under our current strategy. You have also argued that we must reconsider our current force posture in Afghanistan as well as our rules of engagement that several of you have pointed out.    So I ask, why is our current mission limited to only counterterror operations against al-Qaeda and not all insurgent groups including ISIS, and how would you assess the Afghan security forces' current capability to counter the threats it faces from ISIS, other terror groups? What should our rules are engagement be?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much Dr. Kagan. I would like to discuss our counternarcotics operation in country. We know that much of the profits from the elicit drug trade in Afghanistan goes to fund terror activities in Afghanistan and worldwide. However, our DEA and INL presence has been dramatically decreased there. The Afghans aren't yet fully capable of leading this kind of large-scale mission. Since these two are tied together, the drug trade and terror, shouldn't we place a greater emphasis on ending the drug trade in Afghanistan? Is that possible realistically?    We go after the financing of other terror groups as part of our plan to counter and defeat them. We need to do so in Afghanistan as well. Why do we not? Is it because we don't think that that would be successful? To whoever would like to answer. Thank you, Dr. Sedney.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Wilder?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And speaking of governance, as part of our assistance to Afghanistan, the U.S. provides at least half of that development aid directly through the Afghan budget. How can we take steps to ensure that we are mitigating all of the risks inherent in our direct assistance, and for sure the new management is tackling the problem of corruption? How can we help Afghanistan to step it up more?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Let's hope so. Thank you so much. Mr. Boyle is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . Where did you serve, Mr. DeSantis?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, we thank for your service. My stepson and daughter-in-law served in Iraq in that confusing situation, and she served in Afghanistan as well. And the rules of engagement are still so crazy. Thank you for your service. Mr. Clawson is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much Mr. Clawson, and if I could ask each of you three to give us a 2-minute summary of the one takeaway that you want us to make sure that we do in Congress or that we don't do.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Message received. Thank you. Mr. Sedney.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. You can't look at Afghanistan as a standalone. You are right. Pakistan is part of that. Thank you. Dr. Wilder?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. Wonderful statements. Thank you to our excellent panelists. And with that, the subcommittee is adjourned.