    Mr. Radcliffe. Thank you, Chairman. I would also like to thank my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Trott for his work on this issue.    The 2008 financial crisis hurt a lot of folks in Northeast Texas. And some of the families in my district are frankly still working to get back on solid financial footing. And I'll be the first to admit that I'm not an expert on bankruptcy issues. But following that crisis I think it became obvious to all of us that these technical, complicated bankruptcy issues are having a huge impact on everyday Americans. And issues that impact everyday Americans are the ones that we as policymakers certainly want to make sure that we're addressing.    There were a lot of questions and frustrations that have come out of the financial crisis. For example, why did distressed financial firms receive government bailouts, instead of being forced to seek resolution through the bankruptcy process? Now I know in the years since this crisis this Committee has worked very hard to improve the Bankruptcy Code and make sure that it is equipped to handle all failing companies. I appreciate all of you witnesses being here today to provide your expertise on the proposed legislation. I want to find out whether it is in fact going to achieve its intended goal.    So I want to kick things off by asking about a provision in the bill that would allow the Federal Reserve to initiate a bankruptcy case over the objection of a financial institution.    Now, a lot of folks in my district have a real distrust of the Federal Reserve. They see it as a dangerously powerful body, one with little oversights and little transparency. So if you gentleman were chatting with my constituents about possibly giving the Federal Reserve this new authority, how would you allay their concerns? And what would you tell them about how this new authority would help them?    Mr. Radcliffe. Mr. Hessler.    Mr. Radcliffe. Mr. Levin, anything you'd like to add? I will give you a chance.    Mr. Radcliffe. Terrific. Mr. Hessler, I spend a considerable amount of my time these days listening to constituents who have to deal with the immense burdens and expense of complying with Dodd-Frank. Personally I'd like to get rid of Dodd-Frank all together, but at the very least I would like to see us moving forward with respect to solving some of its challenges.    So let me ask you this, in your opinion, would the bill before the Committee today reduce the necessity for regulators to initiate a Title II resolution proceeding under Dodd-Frank?    Mr. Radcliffe. Mr. Bernstein, will you comment on that?    Mr. Radcliffe. Thank you. I see that I'm out of time and I yield back.