    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and ranking member for holding this hearing on really a critical issue, the security of the leaders of our country. It is incredibly important. And I thank all the panelists for being here today and all your hard work. You would not have to be a security or a law enforcement professional to recognize that there are some very serious problems with your department, with the United States Secret Service. You would just have to read a newspaper or have some common sense to see that you are an agency in deep trouble. The repeated headlines about tawdry scandals with prostitutes, and Secret Service professionals, the horrendous lapses of judgment and high-profile breaches of security, including breaking into the President of the United States' home.    All these examples make it clear that something is seriously wrong in the culture and in the management of the Secret Service. In any organization, it is not fair to assume that the bad behavior of a few is representative of the many. But we also understand that this is not just any organization, this is the United States Secret Service. It used to be one of the most respected agencies in our government. And you are tasked with some of the most critical law enforcement missions in our country. Among them, and first and foremost, is protecting the President of the United States, the Commander in Chief, and the leader of the free world. There is no margin for error in your job. There is no slack to be granted. And there is absolutely no possibilities for do-overs.    So far more important today than just fixing the blame and talking about all of these reports is fixing the problem. Now, the question that I hear from my constituents is how in the world did someone jump over the fence, break into the White House, roam around the home where our President sleeps and roam around rooms where his children play, how in the world did that happen? I don't want to know specifics. I just want to know in an overall Statement, can we go to bed tonight and feel that the Secret Service is going to protect the President of the United States? I am going to ask Ms. Gray.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, how can we make sure that there is no longer failures in communication and there are no longer lapses in protecting--I find that the people are concerned about it. Because the No. 1 goal of government is to protect our citizens and to protect our population. And we created the Homeland Security, we took many strong steps in a bipartisan way after 9/11 to better protect our citizens. So when our citizens see the President's home broken into, it is very terrifying to them because they put themselves in the same situation of being afraid of someone breaking into their home. And I just find it startling that this ever happened in the first place. And I also find your recommendation calling for a new Director from outside of the Secret Service, I have never heard of an agency basically say we can't handle it ourselves, we have got to have someone from the outside come in and tell us how to handle it.    Can you explain why you made this recommendation and why do you think it is going to work and why do you think that someone with the ability--it is very difficult to get in the Secret Service and the training and everything else that you have, that someone from the Service cannot run the Service. And do you now have a separate agency that is looking at protecting the President and the Vice President As they move around in their homes? Mrs. Gray again, and then anyone else who wants to come in.