    Mr. Harrison. Thank you, Chairwoman Lummis and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearings.    I am Dr. David Harrison, Jr. My testimony is my own and does not represent my company or any client.    My comments on the economic impacts of EPA regulations are based on two recent NERA studies. One related to the national ambient air quality standard for ozone and one related to EPA's proposed Clean Power Plan to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from the electric utility sector.    Both studies indicate that these two major environmental policies could have very substantial economic impacts on individual States and on the U.S. as a whole. Let me start with the ozone study.    My written testimony is based on a July 2014 study we did, but today we released an update that reflects EPA's November 2014 ozone proposal. I believe you have received copies of that. I would like to request that it be entered into the record.    Mr. Harrison. Thank you.    In this updated study, we evaluated a 65 ppb ozone standard. We used the same basic methodology as in our earlier study, but used EPA's newer released data on the emissions control technologies and costs.    A key finding of our analysis is that more than 60 percent of the emission reductions required to reach the 65 ppb standard was what EPA refers to as unknown controls. That is, controls that EPA did not identify in its analysis.    These controls, they assumed, would be equal to the same $15,000 per ton regardless of the emission source, the State or the level of control.    In contrast, we developed what we have referred to as an evidence-based approach to identify the likely nature of these controls. We concluded that they would mostly involve closure of power plants or turnover of older vehicles and similar equipment.    We found that most of these controls would cost much more than the $15,000 per ton that EPA had assumed.    Using these estimates of compliance costs and NERA's macroeconomic model called NewERA, we estimate that a 65 ppb ozone standard would reduce U.S. GDP by an average of $140 billion per year over the period from 2017 to 2040. The present value of the cost today would be $1.7 trillion.    Other impacts were correspondingly large. For example, the annual reduction in employment income would be equivalent to 1.4 million jobs per year. The annual reduction in consumer spending power would be about $830 per household.    Let me briefly turn to the Clean Power Plan Study. We evaluated what EPA's preferred option, what they referred to as Option 1, which was designed to reduce U.S. power CO2 emissions by 30 percent below their 2005 level.    They set these State level emission rates based on their analysis of production from four building blocks. These building blocks were energy efficiency, increased utilization of natural gas, increases in renewable and nuclear energy and increases in end use efficiency.    We used NERA's NewERA model to evaluate the effects of this under two cases. In one case, we assumed the States were able to use all four building blocks. In the other case, they would only be able to use two building blocks. In the interest of time, I will just summarize a few results of the four building block scenario. Note that the impacts of the two building block scenario were much greater.    We estimated what the U.S. energy system cost would be under the Clean Power Plan under these scenarios. Under the four building block scenario, the U.S. energy systems cost would increase by more than $360 billion on a present value basis over the 15 year period from 2017 to 2031.    The impacts on individual States of the Clean Power Plan would also be substantial. The most substantial impacts were on electricity prices. For 44 of the States, delivered electricity prices would increase by more than 10 percent per year on average over that 15 year period due to the Clean Power Plan.    In summary, these States indicate that both the proposed Federal ozone standard and the proposed Clean Power Plan could lead to very substantial costs and economic impacts, both on individual States and for the U.S. economy as a whole.    Thank you again for the opportunity to participate. I look forward to answering any questions you might have.    Mr. Harrison. I think the issue is whether it is regulated. I guess those are legal issues. I understand that it is considered a pollutant in terms of the regulatory process that is underway.    Mr. Harrison. No. I think at that point I was talking about the Clean Power Plan. In terms of the 65 ppb ozone regulation that we evaluated, I summarized some of the results. We found that the present value of the compliance costs would be over $1 trillion.    I think I mentioned in terms of the effects on gross domestic product would be around $140 billion per year with a present value over the period 2017 to 2040 of $1.7 trillion. Those are two examples.    Our study we just released describes a great many other impacts which I would be glad to go into if you like.    Mr. Harrison. That is correct.    Mr. Harrison. That is right.    Mr. Harrison. It was a substantial study. I don't recall the exact number of hours, but it was a substantial study using our NewERA model to evaluate the effects of the Clean Power Plan.    Mr. Harrison. Yes, we considered it a major study, yes.    Mr. Harrison. That is correct.    Mr. Harrison. Yes, we prepared the study for those organizations.    Mr. Harrison. When we do studies----    Mr. Harrison. I think what I prefer to do, if I may, is ask what they did ask us to do. They asked us to do a careful, independent study of the effects of the Clean Power Plan on the U.S. energy markets.    Mr. Harrison. No, they did not.    Mr. Harrison. No, they did not.    Mr. Harrison. No, it was not funded by those organizations.    Mr. Harrison. I was not aware of those combinations but I guess it is another way of trying to put into perspective these estimates.    Mr. Harrison. As I think I mentioned, our study was designed to look at the economic impacts of the rules. I think my colleague, Dr. Smith, did comment on some of the benefit assessments that have been made in the rules.    Mr. Harrison. The terminology sometimes can be economic terminology but the typical economic terminology for looking at economic impacts is to look at the effects on the economy. These effects typically are in terms of gross domestic product, job and labor market impacts and the like.    In this study, we did not look at the potential benefits of this program.    Mr. Harrison. Those can be done. Before coming to NERA, I was an Associate Professor at the Kennedy School of Government and did many benefit cost analyses. That was not the topic of this particular study.    Mr. Harrison. No, it was not. I think the way I would look at it is that it was trying to clarify what is at stake for the U.S. economy and individual States. There is certainly very useful information to be developed on what the benefits are.    As I said, my colleague, Dr. Smith, has evaluated both of these two proposals in terms of their potential benefits. That was not the topic of this particular study. I think you will find the studies typically referred to as economic impact studies do precisely the same thing, look at what those impacts would be on the U.S. economy and individual States.