    Ms. EMERSON. Thank you Committee Chairman Chabot and Ranking Committee Member Velazquez, and the rest of the Small Business Committee. I truly am grateful for this opportunity to share with you what I think is the status of small business in the United States.    My name is Melinda Emerson, but my nickname worldwide is SmallBizLady, and my mission is to end small business failure. Every single thing I do, every blog post I write, every book I have written, every interview I give, is about giving people nuggets that they may not even know will potentially befall them as they start a small business.    You know, the funny thing about being a small business expert is I rarely hear bad business ideas. Unfortunately, however, I see poor business execution everywhere. It is like the cold and the flu, it is everywhere. I have to agree with my colleagues that there are four major things that I think we need to help small business with.    Number one is access to credit and capital. A lot of the reasons why small business cannot get capital is because they have poor credit. I also think they need training. They need education. We need to talk about the best ways that the government can help do that. Certainly, there is SCORE. There is the SBA. There is the Small Business Development Centers. There are P-TECH centers, and there are some great work going on in these centers. However, there is some quality control issues. Depending on what city you are in depends on how good the services are in your city, and I think we need to do more with that.    I also think that we need to look at how we can help entrepreneurs get access to networks, particularly minority and women entrepreneurs. We did not go to the business schools that other people got to, so when the major decision on whether or not you get private equity funding has to do with whether or not you went to the same B school as the people doing the funding decision, I think we need to look at different ways that equity can be done. I am aware of programs that, you know, sort of like how SBIR grants and things are done. There are organizations, nonprofit organizations that have been given funds from the government to do equity investment, so it is not just about going in with a pitch board and having the right deck and the right idea and the right management team. I mean, there are other ways to get private equity capital in the hands of businesses that so desperately need it.    I also think we need to look at mentorship. Mentorship is essential. The work that SCORE does is God's work as far as I am concerned. I believe that SCORE has made the difference in so many. I am from Philadelphia, so I do have to give a shout out to SCORE Philadelphia. They have done an amazing job, and any time I can help them, I do. We do know that there are differences in other markets, so I do think that mentorship, networking, access to capital, and then just access to opportunities. I think if we look at the work that the government does and all the things that the government spends, I do think we need to enforce the set-asides, and it is not just enough for people to make a best effort; I think we need to start holding people accountable for missing their goals for set-asides for minorities, women, veteran-owned, as well as 8(a) set-aside contracts.    I also think that when these contracts are given or when people are partnered with prime contractors, we need to make sure they get paid, because one of the biggest issues that befall small businesses of all types, creeds, and colors, is getting paid. That is, whether they are doing business with corporations or doing business alongside a prime for a government contract, or, frankly, doing business directly with the government. Getting small businesses paid net 30 or faster through electronic funds transfer needs to become the standard and not something that if you have the right relationship you can make happen.    I think if we look at some of those things, I think that we will go a long way in making sure that we grow America's small businesses.    Now, Committee Member Velazquez, I wanted to address your excitement about the numbers of minority- and women-owned businesses that have been started over the last 5 years. While those numbers have grown, the revenues of those businesses have not. If you look at just women-owned businesses, for example, Asian-American women businesses, on average their revenue is $330,000. African-American women businesses on average start revenue is $38,000. What is the poverty number? Do you know what I mean? So when you look at what is really going on, a lot of these people are starting businesses because they got washed out in the recession. They still have not been able to find a job, so they are starting what I call side hustle businesses for cash. They are not really starting businesses that are going to scale. They are not starting businesses that are going to be able to hire employees if we do not give them some infrastructure.    I also think that when we look at models of things that we want to do to help small businesses, we need to look internationally. I have had the opportunity to travel as the SmallBizLady around the world, and I see other countries approach entrepreneurship as their strategic advantage in their country. If you look at Singapore, for example, they invest $50 million a year in youth entrepreneurship. They have a mall in the heart of their equivalent to Rodeo Drive just for youth entrepreneurs. Young entrepreneurs as young as 10 years old can get a stall in this mall and sell their products and services. They consider youth entrepreneurship up to 35 years old. They are strategically funding entrepreneurs and training entrepreneurs that young.    If you look at China, I had the opportunity to travel in October to Hung Jo, which is the Silicon Valley of China, they have a place called Dream Town. If your business qualifies to get into Dream Town, you get office space in there for 3 years. They have a $300 million fund to put equity into these businesses. Other countries are taking entrepreneurship very seriously. If you look at Start-up Chile, for example, Start-up Chile will give you $40,000 and a place to stay for a year if you are willing to go to Chile and start your business.    Start-up America is a PR campaign that at best you might network with some people if you go to one of their events. I think we need to get serious about entrepreneurship and these programs because I do believe it is a competitive advantage. I have a 10-year-old son who tells me all the time, Mommy, I do not need to go to fourth grade. I already know how to make money. I am like, well, sweetheart, I need you to know how to count money, so I need you to go to school.    My point, simply, is that I think we need to bolster programs like Junior Achievement, like the National Foundation of Teaching Entrepreneurship, particularly in our urban decaying schools that are struggling anyway. When we look at our ex-offender population coming out, we need to teach these people how to start businesses because they are not going to be able to get jobs anyway. I do believe that entrepreneurship is the difference, and it is my passion. I really appreciate the opportunity to come here today to talk to you about what we need to do to help America's small businesses.    Ms. EMERSON. I am a huge fan of what SCORE does, and I have participated many times as a presenter for SCORE webinars.    Ms. EMERSON. SCORE stands for the Society of--Service Corps of Retired Executives. Thank you. It is an organization of folks that mentor and help, and they work with businesses face-to-face or online, and they have an amazing Web site full of resources at score.org. It is a really treasured, valuable resource here in the United States for small business owners.    Ms. EMERSON. It depends on what city you are in. I think there are some hits-and-misses there, and that is what I was alluding to earlier about some quality control challenges, but you know, SCORE Philadelphia is awesome.    Ms. EMERSON. Well, when it comes to student debt, I think we should make public universities free in America. I think that that might be a very good thing to do because I do not believe that the amount of money folks go to get higher education could at all possibly equate with the value of that education after they get it.    Now, in terms of how can we help more minority small businesses, it goes back to what we talked about earlier. We have to have different diverse pools of equity funding available. We have to encourage public-private partnerships. There are major corporations with foundations who have entrepreneurship as a goal. They could partner with major cities in America and run business plan competitions.    One of the things that I benefitted from in my business was the third year I was in business, I won the Minority Business Plan Competition in Philadelphia. I won $20,000 and free office space for 1 year in a business incubator called the Enterprise Center in Philadelphia, and that was a game-changer for me. That allowed me to hire my very first employee, and I have been in business for 17 years. So there are all kinds of things that can be done to help, but everybody has got to be on the same sheet of music to make sure that people are getting money to seed their ideas.    Ms. EMERSON. Congresswoman Velazquez, can I add something to that?    Ms. EMERSON. One of the other things I think would benefit, very early on when I started my first business I got a $25,000 loan from a SBA-backed fund called the Competitive Edge Loan Program. In addition to the $25,000 I got, I got 25 percent of that loan in technical assistance. My first accountant and my first marketing consultant came from those resources that were paid for through that SBA loan fund. We need more programs like that because it is not just the money, it is the technical assistance folks need.    Ms. EMERSON. Well, I would say that if you want to target more women business owners, particularly younger women business owners, we have to start talking about entrepreneurship much earlier in their educational cycle. I believe that elementary school is not too early to start teaching principles of entrepreneurship, and thus, we make it so that they understand that it is a potential idea as a career option, and it is not just about going to college and getting some good job. That does not exist anymore. So I think it is about helping people learn skills that are valuable much earlier.    I also think it is about more targeted programs. We need an incubator for women entrepreneurs. We need funding specifically targeting minority and women entrepreneurs, and we also need to make sure they are not fronts for their husbands. There is a lot of stuff going on around folks self-certifying that they are women-owned, and we need to make sure that it is actually; for a woman-owned business, it is actually run by a woman.    But, if we start doing targeted programs, targeted business plan competitions, that kind of stuff will help get the numbers up and really give them a boost because it needs to have money attached to it. Five thousand dollars is enough money to get in trouble. That is not enough money to run a business. We need to make sure that when we do business plan competitions and stuff like that, the prize money is $20,000, $25,000, $50,000, that it is real money that is going to make a difference in these people's businesses.    Ms. EMERSON. I think whenever we get in the business of trying to protect one industry to prevent another one from growing, that is a slippery slope for us to get on. In Philadelphia, there was also a nightmare fight with the taxi authority and the city with Uber, and I felt like if the taxi drivers had done a better job, Uber would not have a chance. They should be like any other business, and they should face competition like anybody else.    Ms. EMERSON. If I could add, when it comes to access to credit and capital, the first indication, small businesses knew the recession was coming before the recession hit everyone else because banks started rescinding people's lines of credit and they started turning them into term loans. People have not recovered from that. The people that were able to hang on and stay in business, they are not creditworthy. What has happened is now we have these cash loan lenders that have popped up and who are preying on businesses who cannot get capital anyplace else. They are happy to fund you if you have got a 600 or a 620 credit score at 24 or 25 percent interest. If there is any place where you guys do need to start regulating is those people. These cash flow lenders out there, to me, are snake oil salesmen, preying on people who need cash. They are only willing to do loans for ecommerce businesses that are doing 10 grand or more a month.    Also, too, one thing about crowdfunding. Crowdfunding is great if you have got a great product business and some sharp marketing. But the average crowdfunding campaign makes $10,000. That is a hard way to make $10,000. I do think Title III is going to help more people be able to get into that business, but I also think that is a little bit of a panacea. Right? The deal is, if you want to start a small business in America, your money is going to come from your right or your left pocket, so you better have taken care of your savings, protected your credit. Hopefully, you own property that you can take out a home equity loan against because that is really what it is going to take because banks do not loan money to startup businesses until you can prove you do not need it. So that is it.    Ms. EMERSON. And if you make a mistake, it is costly.    Ms. EMERSON. Well, I am glad you asked me that question because I won a business plan competition that put me in a business incubator and I actually ended up staying in there for 5 years. So I can talk a lot about the value of incubators.    I think the number one thing you fight when you start a business is loneliness and feeling like you are by yourself. So the fact that you can walk down the hall and commiserate with someone else that is trying to figure out how to get paid by a vendor, I think that is very important to have a sense of community. What I also found valuable in an incubator is that education can be done right in the same building. Networks can be set up. Potential funders that are interested in the businesses in the building can come in and see a cadre of businesses, not just one type.    The Enterprise Center in Philadelphia is where I was located, and that turned out to be such an incredible proving ground for me in my business. It made all the difference in the world because when I started my business, back in 1999, being a homebased business was not cool. If you were working out of your basement, people did not take you seriously like you were in business. When I won my business plan competition, I was like, I am out of here. I am going to work every day. I got a parking space. It makes you feel--nowadays everybody is telecommuting and everybody is working from home, but it was not like that almost 20 years ago. So I think it is a great thing to do.    Ms. EMERSON. Well, I think you just have to make it a law. Folks have to get paid net 30. I mean, honestly, it is such a challenge because cash flow is king in a small business. If you have employees, you have to make payroll, regardless of when you get paid. Because it is so difficult for small business owners to get lines of credit, I mean, even if you qualify for a line of credit, the most you are going to get is 10 percent of your gross revenue. So for a business doing half a million dollars, that a $50,000 line. Well, if the government owes you $180,000, do you know what I mean? It strangles small businesses if they cannot get paid on time.    Ms. EMERSON. Then by the time you get the money, it is not even the same value if you had to go out and factor the invoice or had to go to one of these payday lenders for small business, which is what I call these cash flow lenders. It is strangling people's margins, and people are not able to make money because they cannot get paid on time. It is a huge issue, but it is not just a huge issue in the federal government. I think that there should be some MOUs that go out with corporations because I have found that the larger the corporation is, the harder it is to get paid, too. So it is not just a federal government problem; it is a problem all over the place. Everyone thinks they can pay a small business last or late.    Ms. EMERSON. I would like to echo the same. I think it is about highlighting success stories, big and small. Highlighting youth entrepreneurs, women entrepreneurs, veteran-owned entrepreneurs, and making sure that National Small Business Week is not just PR. It is really about highlighting the successes and honoring people who are doing this work so that people can say, you know, I want to get that award one day.    I think also looking at MED Week and putting some real teeth and resources around MED Week and highlighting minority women entrepreneurs during those times is really important because people look at that and see that as something of value. Everyone likes to hear their name called and get a little plaque with their name on it. So I think that more of that really will go a long way of making people feel appreciated and acknowledged and other people inspiring to feel the same way.