    Mr. Smith. No, Congressman, thank you.    Last year, I had the privilege to be asked to testify before this Subcommittee on the state of the beef industry, and at that time, I identified Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling as a critical issue for the beef industry, and one that really needed Congress to act upon. Now, 1 year later, I find myself here at this Subcommittee again, asking one more time that Congress take up this legislation, which, in its simplest form, is a solution looking for a problem, but in reality, it is just bad public policy. And I don't think I need to remind you that the clock is ticking.    COOL has plagued our industry for years. Its supporters point to surveys showing that Americans want to know where their beef comes from, but most surveys fail to provide an accurate measure of how consumers actually vote, which is with their pocketbook.    As a family-owned, functionally-integrated cattle feeder and beef processor, Harris Ranch has experienced firsthand the cost associated with implementing COOL. From burdensome record-keeping of live animals, to sorting and segregating of carcasses in the coolers, to operating dedicated fabrication sets to separate the myriad of beef products generated from each and every carcass. Cattle producers are currently experiencing discounts ranging from $35 to $60 per head. They were applied for no other reason than Country-of-Origin Labeling. These discounts are hitting U.S. cattlemen, cattle feeders and processors that purchase cattle of Canadian and Mexican origin.    In the southern tier States of California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas, cattle producers often purchase feeder cattle from Mexico to graze on pastures, or place them in feedlots to finish in the United States. Mexican-origin cattle are extremely important to the southern tier states because they provide production efficiencies associated with keeping cattle pens full, bunk space occupied, and quite frankly, blood on the floor. They provide a consistent supply of fed cattle for beef processing facilities, and especially those that are located near the border.    I would turn to the fundamental question at hand. Why do we have COOL? I think everybody would agree, that question is especially important when you consider the WTO case. If Canada and Mexico win the most recent appeal, which we honestly believe they will, they will be allowed to retaliate not only against our industry, but many others as well, some of whom you have heard from today.    Cattle: Canada and Mexico are two of the beef industry's top export markets, worth roughly $1 billion a piece. That is big money for any industry. In fact, it equates to roughly \1/3\ of our total beef export value. If we lose access to those markets, it will have a profoundly negative impact on all U.S. beef producers. All of our current global market access equates to approximately $350 per fed steer and heifer marketed today. If we lose \1/3\ of that, roughly $115 will be taken directly out of the pocket of every cattleman in the United States.    But the monetary losses are not all of the problem. The vigorous defense of COOL by our government sends an antitrade signal to the international community. The WTO keeps telling us that COOL violates our trade commitments, but our government keeps saying no, it does not. Future trading partners will look at this issue closely, and use it before they ink any trade deals with us. I am certain we would do the same if we saw similar behavior from our trading partners.    Finally, I wonder why our government wants to hurt an industry for a simple marketing program, and that is really what it is. The vast majority of the industry does not want it, and consumers don't use it. COOL is about marketing, has nothing to do with food safety. Those who use that argument, it is basically a red herring because they just want to keep on to hold their position. At the end of the day, COOL is an experiment that has failed. We agree with Secretary Vilsack that Congress must act to fix COOL, but the only way to fix it and ensure that there won't be future WTO cases is to repeal it.    Thank you.    Mr. Smith. The timeline for putting the program together, Mr. Costa?    Mr. Smith. Okay. When COOL was first implemented, obviously, we were fortunate in that USDA met with industry, and sat down and came up effectively with a means by which we weren't going to dramatically reduce the speed at which commerce would occur in terms of selling live animals to one another. As a company, obviously, you try to plan ahead, you try to expect what some of these difficulties are going to be. You put together programs, procedures, so that you make certain that livestock are segregated accordingly, you identify specific days upon which those cattle will move into your processing facility, not only what day but what hours of certain shifts.    Mr. Smith. Actually, just one, Congressman Costa. We run two shifts in ground beef production, but the actual harvest and processing of the carcasses is just one 8 hour shift.    Mr. Smith. We are, sir.    Mr. Smith. And it amounts to roughly $1.5 million in value as far as sales to Mexico.    Mr. Smith. Very much so, sir.    Mr. Smith. Yes, we do.    Mr. Smith. I don't know if I can necessarily give you a dollar figure, Congressman, in terms of what the net impact financially will be to the consumer, but I know that there will be lost opportunity there in terms of being able to purchase value-added products.    As a company, this retaliation, and I just want to go on record to state that it would be more than just potentially the increased tariffs on beef products that we would market, but as a large farming operation as well, it will have negative impacts. I know that on their list the Canadians have identified cherries, oranges----    Mr. Smith. I am sorry, Congressman, I didn't understand your question.    Mr. Smith. Right now, USDA has oversight over those labeling requirements.    Mr. Smith. Perhaps in hindsight, yes.    Mr. Smith. That is correct.    Mr. Smith. No, sir, we have seen none. And you would think that as a branded beef company, one of the first branded beef companies in the U.S., if we saw an economic benefit associated with being able to identify products coming from a specific entity, whether it be product of the U.S., we would have, on our own fruition, approached the USDA, because companies can do this, and asked to make label claims. We saw no benefit in the marketplace. We did demographic studies, we asked some of our customers do you think the end consumer would like to see this type of information, and almost to a man, they have said no. So to answer your question, Congressman, we see no benefit whatsoever, no, sir.    Mr. Smith. I would concur with those remarks. To my knowledge, the Secretary has not reached out to the beef industry to ask for their input regarding any potential fix. I would rely back to my testimony. This is a failed experiment. In our opinion, it just needs to be repealed. We need to get rid of it.    Mr. Smith. If you don't mind, I could start. I mean as a feeder and a packer, I will tell you that most of those costs right now are being borne within those two segments of the industry. Now, that is not to say that there are not additional costs associated with paperwork that occurs back at the ranch level, but the majority of those costs, in my opinion, have been absorbed in those two segments of the industry. And it is primarily just because of the sorting within pens, coolers, separate, as I mentioned, fabrication sets, labeling requirements, et cetera.    Mr. Smith. A portion of those have, yes, ma'am. Some of them have been sent backwards, back through the production channel, and that is the reason that the Mexican Government and the Canadian Government are angry, because that negative economic signal is being sent to them in one direction in those direct costs, but then the indirect costs, the lack of production efficiencies because some of the difficulties we have, and some of the decisions our customers have made regarding whether they will carry two separate labels in their retail stores, those are indirect costs that the consumer bears.    Mr. Smith. Congressman Costa, I would agree wholeheartedly as well, yes. I mean I don't think we have the luxury to propose another potential fix. We have tried that twice now. It has not worked. As I mentioned, the clock is ticking. Let us repeal it.    Mr. Smith. I would offer just briefly. I mean that concept to do as I say, not as I do won't fly very well. It will pose astronomical challenges moving ahead, trying to negotiate any further trade agreement with any other countries.    Mr. Smith. That is a touchy issue, and I will need to tread lightly. I mean intuitively, it would suggest that it does have an impact on further consolidation. I mean let us be honest with one another, it is the large companies that have the economic wherewithal to implement procedures, purchase equipment, to come in compliance with some of these additional burdens that are placed on them, and smaller companies don't necessarily have that luxury. There is an indirect impact on consolidation as a result of some of these rules, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Smith. Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of experience with Canadian cattle. We don't purchase Canadian cattle, but the symbolism would be the same and we do purchase quite a few cattle of Mexican origin.    Mr. Smith. So it will pose some challenges. I mean if those retaliations go into play, it could make it more difficult to be able to source the live animals that are necessary to be brought into the production system.