    Mr. Benishek.--because, as you may know, I had some of the Forest Supervisors in the office here yesterday, and trying to proceed with learning more about this program and how it moves forward.    With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    And I now recognize Congresswoman DelBene, for 5 minutes.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Chief Tidwell, for being here with us today.    One thing I hear often from our rural and forested communities is the concern that the Forest Service staff, jobs, and offices continue to move further away from the rural areas that they represent and impact. More and more, we see fewer agency boots on the ground, fewer personnel interacting with the communities that are most impacted by their actions. And when personnel live outside of the district, and work remotely 40 or 50 miles from the forests, they have less knowledge about what is happening in the woods that they are supposed to be managing, and what is happening in the communities as well.    The communities also lose the diversity of their community and suffer economic impacts when folks live and work elsewhere. And we have some great Forest Service staff in our communities, in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie Forest in particular, but I would be interested to hear your thoughts and comments on this issue, which is a growing disconnect across our country.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you. Yes, in terms of fire funding, I totally agree and understand we need to have a better solution with that. And, in fact, in Washington State, last summer's fire season included the largest wildfire in our state's history.    The University of Washington estimates that wildfires in the Pacific Northwest will nearly double by the 2020s, and nearly triple by the 2040s as a result of climate change. And so we have a tough road ahead of us if we don't do a better job of making sure that we have funding available. It impacts trail maintenance and other types of things that are so important to folks being able to enjoy the forests.    All right, one other question I wanted to ask you was, some in the timber industry and in our communities have begun to explore cross-laminated timber and I wondered if you could comment on the usefulness of this still-developing technology, and where you see its place in forestry and in the timber industry in the future.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you. Thank you very much.    My time has expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia for 5 minutes of questioning.