    Ms. OLSON. Thank you so much, Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez. Thank you for inviting me to speak on the important and emerging topic of the sharing economy. In my written testimony, I focus mainly on two aspects of tax administration: the IRS presence in the sharing economy and ways to increase tax compliance among participants in that economy.    Estimates show that over 2.5 million Americans are earning income through the sharing economy and that number is expected to continue its upward trajectory. Establishing the tax compliance norms in this emerging industry in its infancy will benefit participants in the tax system as this segment grows. Understandably, many of these new service providers may not fully comprehend their tax-filing obligations or have experience with the requisite tax recordkeeping.    According to a recent survey conducted by NASE, 69 percent of entrepreneurs who participate in the sharing economy received absolutely no tax guidance from the companies with which they work. It bears saying that if a person working in the sharing economy called the IRS toll-free line today, he or she would hear a recording saying the IRS is not answering any tax law questions after April 15th, so please check IRS.gov. The same message is given to people asking tax law questions at the IRS walk-in sites. For a tax agency to not answer questions from taxpayers trying to learn what they need to do to comply is beyond unacceptable, it is absurd.    There are many ways in which the IRS can provide improved taxpayer service and assistance to this growing sector. For example, many Uber drivers engage in an online forum where they can share information about or solicit advice on a wide range of topics. There is even a subforum dedicated to tax compliance, focused on 1099 income deductions and the IRS. Similarly, Airbnb hosts have created an online forum where hosts can share advice with other hosts, and there is a subforum dedicated to regulation tax issues. The IRS could convey helpful information through such online forums. It could even designate a representative to respond to questions in ``ask me anything'' style on a Reddit forum for Airbnb or Uber users. Another benefit of these exchanges is that the IRS will learn about specific challenges and issues facing this segment of the economy and do a better job of tailoring its guidance for both taxpayers and IRS employees.    While IRS publications contain helpful information, an Airbnb host would have to sift through a 24-page Publication 527, Residential Rental Property, and an Uber driver would have to navigate through the 50-page Publication 463, Travel, Entertainment, Gift, and Car Expenses, and they still might not understand how these rules apply to themselves as service providers in a sharing economy. Thus, the IRS should develop and publicize a new publication for sharing economy participants that at a minimum provides a checklist of issues that first-time, self-employed persons participating in that economy should be aware of. It could also create a dedicated Web page containing tax tips for freelancers engaging in a sharing economy. Even better, the IRS could create an online wizard to walk taxpayers who are newly self-employed through the various steps one needs to take. For example, getting an employer identification number, making estimated tax payments, keeping books and records. Why not create a downloadable mileage log for taxpayers to use with prepopulated mileage rates for a given year that we set? Why not develop a calendar function that permits taxpayers to add the estimated tax payment due dates to their smartphone calendars? These steps would benefit all self-employed persons.    In my reports to Congress and in my written testimony, I have made numerous proposals over the years designed to increase compliance among small businesses. Among other things, I recommend that Congress align the estimated tax payment deadlines with calendar year quarters that are easier to remember and to calculate net income, such as the last day of the month following the calendar quarter, rather than on April 15, June 15, September 15, and January 31, which aligns to nothing whatsoever. Because research shows that taxpayers are more compliant in paying taxes on income subject to withholding, independent contractors should have the option to enter into voluntary withholding agreements with the entities to which they provide services.    In conclusion, there is lots the IRS can do to establish a presence in the community, provide service to the participants, and provide guidance to shape the compliance norms of these taxpayers.    Thank you, and I will be glad to answer any questions.    Ms. OLSON. I think that there is a recognition that this is a growing part of the economy. I think that the IRS moves slowly, and hearings such as this will help move it along. I think my office can play a role in instigating some activity, like these publications. I think issues about what can be done online, there are always concerns about whether the private sector will view that as intruding in their bailiwick, and my point there is I do not see that as competition. I see us working together, and we do, after all, own setting the mileage rates and own setting the deadlines and things like that.    I think also if I can just say this, that worker classification is an issue. There is the ban on providing guidance, and so it becomes hard to develop a Web site if you are banned on providing anything other than just the rote, ``here are the 20 factors'' type guidance, which is really not helpful in this environment.    Ms. OLSON. I do not know the historical reason. We were talking about that the other day. It might go back to some kind of budgeting issue at some point, money coming into the Treasury. We are actually poking around in the archives to find the reason. But we have been advised that it, at this point, would need congressional action. That is what we have been advised. I really think doing it on a quarter basis, you know, within 30 days after the quarter ends, makes sense. Trying to calculate net income on June 15th is silly and difficult.    Ms. OLSON. I think the self-employed persons of America would thank you.    Ms. OLSON. The example that we had was my office received a number of packages by Federal Express that just contained a deposit slip of between $5,000 and $8,000 in it, and they were addressed to a particular person at the IRS headquarters in Washington, D.C., and it got delivered to us. This person is fictitious. Because it was overnight mail, we had a phone number for the taxpayers who sent these deposits and we called them. They explained to us that they had been called by someone who appeared to be an IRS employee and told them that we were sending the sheriff out to them if they did not go to a bank and deposit immediately between $5,000 and $8,000, and they were to stay on the phone until they got to the bank and made that deposit. Then, very cleverly, they were to send the deposit slip to the IRS headquarters building. If you went online you would see it was a legitimate address. The person that we talked to said it was the worst day of his life when he realized about 2 hours after he had transferred $8,000 what he had actually done.    What the IRS is doing is they have a lot of information on the Web about tax scams and they have done a lot of public service announcements--not public service announcements but press releases. I think that public service announcements are the way to go, and I think we just, in congressional letters and everywhere, we need to get word out to people that if somebody is threatening to send the sheriff to you, the IRS does not do that.    Ms. OLSON. Not to my knowledge, and I am concerned about the IRS's small business outreach function. Back in 1998, when the IRS was reorganized, it created a unit called TEC that was solely charged with experts on small business issues and small business law and requirements to be in the communities and conduct outreach to the small businesses. In about 2004, they dissolved that organization and put all those experts back to work auditing or collecting instead of doing outreach and education to small businesses, and they centralized the unit. Today there are many States that have no person in the IRS dedicated to do outreach and education to the small businesses of that State, and I really think that is just foolish; that we need to do preventive education and outreach. If you do that, you will really solve problems and also hear the problems of that sector and be able to give better guidance going forward as well.    Ms. OLSON. Yeah.    Ms. OLSON. What it is like.    Ms. OLSON. I think that the difficulty is that it is not supposed to give guidance on worker classification, so it is sort of stuck with producing training materials for its own employees that can be made public and people can read them. The average small business is not going to read that. The average worker is not going to read that. You can read court cases where it has been litigated and see what the courts look at. I was struck by something that HMRC, which is the U.K. tax agency did several years ago, they created a Web application, and it was based on the 20 factors, but they had questions that the business could go through and answer. If you answered them in a certain way, you would get an answer back that would say we think these workers are independent contractors or we think they are employees. If you wanted to keep that answer, then that would be binding unless you had lied materially on that thing. If you did not like the answer you did not have to accept it. You could proceed and ask for greater guidance. I thought that brought some certainty to people without it being definitive, and we have recommended that for several years and the IRS has never picked it up.    Ms. OLSON. I do not know whether under the law, the way that Congress has banned them from issuing guidance, would that Web thing be interpreted as guidance?    Ms. OLSON. Yes.    Ms. OLSON. I was really struck by some of the testimony earlier this week about a third way really that, our common law rules are based in 17th, 18th century law, and so what does that mean? That was very intriguing to me. The key factors there are withholding. Obviously, getting the money into the system, working on benefits for these people, particularly retirement savings because that is what comes with being classified as an employee, and is there some way to do that in this third type of worker that the economy seems to be moving to?    We had proposed several years ago, in response to actually the Hair Salon Association coming to us and saying we have all these people who are renting booths in hair salons. They are clearly independent contractors but they are getting into trouble by not paying their estimated taxes. We were willing to withhold from them. We do not want them to be classified as employees, but we have already an employee on our staff who takes appointments and things like that. We would be willing to do it. It would make more stable workers. We have been advised by chief counsel in the IRS that that needs to be a legislative solution; that you give the IRS the authority to allow people to enter into voluntary withholding.    Ms. OLSON. Yes. It needs legislation is what we have been told.    Ms. OLSON. I will give you an example of something that I think really reduced the burden on small businesses. For years, we recommended that the IRS create a small business home office deduction EZ form where you had a standard deduction for home offices that you could do on square footage instead of doing all these calculations and things like that. It took a while but they adopted that. I think there are many opportunities like that in the law where you have a law and there is a deductible expense, but if you think about small business recordkeeping, there is a way to do it that could be a safe harbor or a standard deduction or something like that that would reduce recordkeeping and still guard against abuse in a way. I think there are a lot of opportunities there.    I will come back to the fact that there is really not a geographic presence reaching out to small businesses in the IRS, and to me that is incredibly important because the small businesses in New York are different from the small businesses in Ohio, from the small businesses in Iowa and Montana. They all have different kinds of needs and challenges. You have to have somebody in the field knowledgeable about their issues that can also raise them to the IRS. In terms of service, I really think a geographic footprint of a small business outreach function would allay a lot of concerns and give the IRS a lot of information to do a better job reaching these taxpayers.    Ms. OLSON. There are many excellent products on the market and they all cost money, and I am not saying we should not have them, and as a matter of fact, many small businesses really appreciate them. I think what I have been focusing on is what things can the IRS do that could interface with those products that could get the small business off to the right start? Because if you can get them right at the beginning, and build trust at the beginning so if they do have compliance problems they are willing to come in and get help rather than letting it pyramid and snowball, that is what I think the IRS needs to focus on, and then how it can partner with the private sector and some of the products that they have, feed our information into their products so that taxpayers can use them in that way.    Ms. OLSON. I think it is two things. The budget is driving so much. On the taxpayer service side you just do need more bodies to pick up the phone and talk to taxpayers. It is not just talking. It is, you know, pick up the phone and stay on the phone. Listen to the taxpayer and try to get to the bottom of what really is their concern because sometimes they do not express it well themselves. That takes time, and that means you need enough people to be able to spend that time and get to the problem up front.    The other thing is that the IRS does want to move as many people as possible to an online presence because that is less expensive. I challenge some of that because I think if the taxpayer does not understand online, they will do something wrong and you will spend more expensive resources downstream collecting and auditing and things like that. But they are trying to build a strong online presence where people can see what is going on in their account. Maybe have an account where if they are in dog breeding they would get guidance about dog breeding issues and things like that. That is several years down the line and I think that is a good direction to go in. But I just have to say, I have been in tax since 1975, and there is no substitute for talking to taxpayers and understanding what their confusion is, what they need, and learning from them even as we are teaching them. There is just no substitute and that is human beings.    Ms. OLSON. I think it needs to be both. Our concern was in particular self-employment tax because sometimes with expenses these businesses are so marginal that they owe very little income tax. We had focused on that self-employment tax which always shocks the small business person and drives them underground sometimes. That is just not the direction we want to go. But we did acknowledge both. So many businesses that are working in this gig economy or like in the salon association or the travel agent association, they are already in the withholding system because they do have formal employees, like a secretary or receptionist, already in their system. It is just adding some more and doing the withholding. There is a business reason for it because then they get better stability among their workforce.    Ms. OLSON. I think if someone was thinking I am going into this component of it, I am selling something on Etsy or I am working with some platform, that you could go to this and it would walk you through and say, the first thing you need is an employer identification number. Go here. We have a device online, but we are directing them. Then when you are done the wizard says, okay, here is some information about recordkeeping. If you are doing driving, you need to have a contemporaneous record of your mileage and here is what it looks like. Actually, here is an app where you could enter each thing and we would multiply it by the mileage rate and each year that we update the mileage rate we will update it and you can download it to your smartphone. Things like that. Depending on the business, we could craft some one-page guidance to them and direct them to that. There is all sorts of information out there. Finding it and not having to go to 5 different, 7 different, 10 different places to do it is the problem.    Ms. OLSON. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. OLSON. It is very hard to track down, but I will note that just this week apparently they did catch some people that were responsible for one particular scam that basically brought in about $40 million, so they are pursuing these investigations. I have to say it is very difficult to do that because they are moving, they are in different parts of the country, they are all over the place.    Ms. OLSON. Yes.    Ms. OLSON. We get a regular number of cases every year dealing with worker classification, and they are both from what you would call the employer and the worker. They go in different directions. What I am particularly concerned about is just the lack of clarity in the actual investigations. I think both the employers and the workers are confused about the basis for decisions, and that makes it difficult for either party to appeal, seek appellate rights, and in some instances they are not allowed to have appellate rights. We have written about that in the past. I think there are real opportunities for improving that process. But I do have to come back to the point on the IRS not being able to do guidance has sort of constricted it and kept it at that 20-factor level because that is all it can do.    I have not talked with the IRS division about this. We have talked with taxpayers and representatives of the group, and we have used this hearing to formulate some very specific recommendations. I do think that what we will do is work with the forms and pubs section to come up with a document, a mini-pub for the sharing economy, and we are working right now on maybe working on part of our Web site. We have a toolkit, tax prep toolkit, that we could have some tips for the sharing economy, and maybe from that get the IRS jump started. Sometimes we are a little more nimble than the rest of the IRS.