    Dr. Dayaratna. Thank you for your question.    I do not think it is an appropriate time line because it is difficult to envision what things would look like that far into the future, just like our Founding Fathers would have no idea what the American economy would look like today. So that is exactly why, when I reran these models in my work, I actually re-estimated them using a shorter time horizon.    And my colleague, Pat Michaels, can also chime in on that.    Dr. Dayaratna. No.    Dr. Dayaratna. The short answer is no.    Dr. Dayaratna. Congressman, I do not interact with any of the donors whatsoever, and in fact, on the last page of my testimony----    The Chairman. I appreciate your willingness and desire to answer the question. Time has elapsed.    Dr. Dayaratna. OK.    The Chairman. I understand it is somewhat unfair to ask you those questions when you have 2 seconds left, but tough.    So as we continue our expulsion of greenhouse gas with more questions from the committee, Mr. Gohmert.    Dr. Dayaratna. Dayaratna.    Dr. Dayaratna. Go ahead.    Dr. Dayaratna. Correct.    Dr. Dayaratna. Correct.    Dr. Dayaratna. I mean, I do not see how that is relevant right now.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, they do know I am here.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, they do know I am here, yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, it is right here.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes. I mean, to be quite honest, if a professor from the university comes here and testifies, they may submit their testimony on the university letterhead.    Dr. Dayaratna. That does not mean that they are testifying on----    Dr. Dayaratna . Behalf of the university.    Dr. Dayaratna. Again, as I was referring to earlier, if a professor from a university comes here and they testify, they may submit their testimony on university letterhead. That does not mean whatsoever that they are representing the views of the university.    And my views, again, as in my written testimony and as I said today, do not represent those of The Heritage Foundation.    Dr. Dayaratna. Thank you, Congressman.    Dr. Dayaratna. OK. So thank you for your question, Congressman.    I am trained as a statistician, not a climate scientist. So in terms of the peer review, my colleague, Pat Michaels, is probably more apt to answer questions like that.    Dr. Dayaratna. But as I described in my testimony, I rigorously use the social cost of carbon models in my work with my colleagues, and we noticed that they are basically nothing but garbage in and garbage out. You can essentially manipulate these models to achieve any estimate of social cost of carbon that you would like, basically.    Dr. Dayaratna. You can achieve a negative social cost of carbon. You can achieve a positive social cost of carbon, and you can achieve a wide range of estimates through the Monte Carlo simulations.    Dr. Dayaratna. Oh, no, absolutely not.    Dr. Dayaratna. Absolutely.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, that is correct. I mean, in these papers they have been cited in the peer-review literature, but I mean, just because they are in the peer-review literature, we need to rigorously check these models and look at them. As I mentioned, they are nowhere near reliable enough to be used for policymaking. Interesting academic exercises, though.    Dr. Dayaratna. That may be true. I think my colleague, Pat, might be able to answer that question.    The Chairman. Saying it is true is good enough. You've got that. You are over time.    Mr. Beyer.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, probably.    Dr. Dayaratna. Well, I am just simply----    Dr. Dayaratna. Thank you for your question, Congressman.    I am not even recommending this type of discount rate be used. I am not suggesting that the 7 percent rate be the most appropriate rate. I just ran 7 percent simply because OMB Circular A-4, which I have right here, stipulated that 3 and 7 percent discount rates be used as part of this type of cost-benefit analysis.    Dr. Dayaratna. The IWG could use whatever rate they want, but 3 and 7 percent must be used as part of this cost-benefit analysis, according to OMB Circular A-4.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, Congressman. I have actually researched this and looked at the economic impact of actually instituting the proposed regulations associated with the SCC by instituting an appropriate carbon tax in conjunction with what the SCC is estimated to be, starting at $37, and we see pretty significant impacts to the economy.    By 2030, there would be over 1 million lost jobs, 500,000 which would be manufacturing jobs, and a marked increase in unemployment and a decline in personal income. So the country would be much worse off actually as a result of these regulations or taxes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. The use of the SCC in rulemaking, and if you actually implement it in terms of regulations or taxes, will actually increase electricity costs.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, the FUND model out of the three models is the only one that actually considers the fertilization impacts and the potential benefits of carbon dioxide emissions, which is why it allows for a negative social cost of carbon.    And as I alluded to in my testimony, under some circumstances the social cost of carbon can actually be substantially negative depending on the equilibrium climate sensitivity distribution and the choice of the discount rate.    You will actually notice the probability of the social cost of carbon being negative, close to 70 percent. So, yes, that is the short answer to your question.    Dr. Dayaratna. What is the outcome of not including the benefits?    Dr. Dayaratna. The SCC becomes inflated.    Dr. Dayaratna. I do not know. I just do know that there are potential benefits of CO<INF>2</INF> fertilization included in the FUND model. Beyond that I am not completely sure.    Dr. Dayaratna. OK.    Dr. Dayaratna. I do not believe that Circular A-4 was properly adhered to in the computation of the social cost of carbon.    Dr. Dayaratna. No, I think Circular A-4 was violated.    Dr. Dayaratna. It specifically says in here that 3 and 7 percent should be used as discount rates.    Dr. Dayaratna. In addition to whatever else they want to use.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes.    Dr. Dayaratna. Yes, I was just going to add if you look at the section in Circular A-4, intergenerational discounting, the last paragraph it specifically says, ``If your rule will have important intergenerational benefits or costs, you might consider a further sensitivity analysis using a lower but positive discount rate in addition to calculating net benefits using discount rates of 3 and 7 percent.''    Dr. Dayaratna. Excuse me?    The Chairman. No, I am just putting your stuff into the record.    Dr. Dayaratna. Oh, those papers, yes.    The Chairman. Without objection that is ordered as well.    Dr. Dayaratna. Thank you.    The Chairman. Let me ask as we conclude this a couple of questions just for the two of you.    Actually I feel like with some of the questions you have been peppered with today, I should ask the first two witnesses on the left as I am looking at you if you are now or have ever been a member of the Communist Party.    Dr. Dayaratna. Excuse me?    The Chairman. Nothing. Never mind. That was sarcasm. Obviously no one got it.    I have one question for Mr. Michaels. Mr. Segal talked about the ethical consideration concept that was in there. In your testimony you made a point that the social cost of carbon should reflect relative impact, i.e., as I read that, that we would be willing to pay more today if we knew that a future society would be impoverished and suffer from extreme climate change than we would be willing to sacrifice if we knew that a future society would be well off and subject to more moderate change.    Mr. Michaels, is that what the Administration's social cost of carbon does?