    Ms. Sheth. Good morning, Mr. Chairman Sensenbrenner, Mr. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Committee.    Thank you for inviting me to testify about the urgent need to reform our Federal forfeiture laws. There is an emerging consensus across the political spectrum that the time for reform is now. Even the Justice Department and the State and local law enforcement have conceded the need for reform.    In light of this overwhelming consensus, I will focus my remarks on two key aspects that Congress must address. First, the self-financing of law enforcement agencies, which inherently distorts law enforcement priorities. And second, the inadequate procedural protections afforded to property owners.    Current Federal law incentivizes forfeiture by allowing law enforcement agencies to keep 100 percent of the proceeds. At a time when government at all levels face serious budget shortfalls, it is no surprise that forfeiture has become ever more attractive. But directing forfeiture proceeds back to the very agencies responsible for the forfeiture is antithetical to our American constitutional system in three ways.    First, the self-funding of executive branch agencies violates the separation of powers. The Constitution gives Congress, the most representative branch of Government, the power over the purse. And it is past time for Congress to reclaim this power as an important check on the executive branch.    Second, it violates principles of federalism. Under the Equitable Sharing Program, State and local law enforcement can seize property for a Federal forfeiture action and then share in the proceeds. As Mr. Henderson even acknowledges in his written statement, this generous bounty encourages State and local law enforcement to evade their own stricter State laws in favor of more lax Federal rules.    The DOJ's new policy does not cure this problem, as it leaves almost three-quarters of all equitable sharing cases untouched.    Third, giving law enforcement a direct financial incentive in the seizure of property violates a central command of due process. The administration of justice must be impartial. The lack of impartiality is best seen in a single statistic. In the last 6 years, almost two-thirds of all Federal forfeitures were administrative with the process conducted by the seizing agency itself, without any judicial involvement.    But even when the judicial branch is involved in civil forfeitures, there are inadequate safeguards to protect property owners. My written testimony details these gaps, including the lack of counsel, the low burden of proof on the Government, and the absence of a prompt opportunity to contest the seizure of cash.    But I want to highlight a key deficiency. Contrary to Mr. Blanco's testimony, the process does, in fact, turn the presumption of innocence on its head. In administrative proceedings, the forfeiture is presumed valid, and the property owner must make the case for its return.    In civil forfeiture proceedings, it is true that the Government must prove the property is connected to a crime. But under the innocent owner provision, the burden then shifts to the property owners to affirmatively prove they did not know of the illegal activity. Consequently, in civil forfeiture, while the property might be presumed guilty, property owners very much are.    The absence of adequate process, married to the perverse financial incentive, has led to widespread abuse, with a disproportionate impact on minorities. If only civil forfeiture were limited to the unusual situations like criminals overseas or criminals who are deceased, as highlighted by Mr. Blanco or in his written statement, like Michael Vick's pit bulls or rare dinosaur eggs, we could all pack up and go home. But civil forfeiture has treated countless of ordinary Americans worse than criminals.    Since 9/11, civil forfeiture has resulted in more than 61,000 cash seizures totaling $2.5 billion through highway interdictions, all without any search warrants or indictments. And there are many like my client Russ Caswell, who stood to lose his family-run motel to civil forfeiture, even though he did nothing wrong.    While convicted criminals should not benefit from their ill-gotten gains, no one in America should lose their property without being convicted of a crime. This is not about bad apples in law enforcement. This is fundamentally about bad incentives, flawed incentives.    The solution is not to better police the police. The solution is to end policies that distort their incentives. This financial incentive and the lack of process undermine our public trust in law enforcement and the belief that is so vital to our republic that we are a nation ruled by laws and not by men.    Thank you for your time and attention.    Ms. Sheth. Practically speaking, that is not a realistic statement. As I explained, many forfeitures, 64 percent, are administrative. And in that circumstances, the forfeiture is presumed valid.    So property owners--maybe it is helpful to walk through how ordinary seizures work. Initially, the seizure must be based on probable cause.    Ms. Sheth. Initially, the seizure must be based on probable cause, and that is usually an on-the-ground determination by police officers. There is no check on that. The only check in administrative forfeitures is by the seizing agency itself.    To the extent it even gets to a civil forfeiture, which is only when a property owner files a claim, then they still face these burdens of needing to hire counsel because there is no guarantee to counsel. They need to affirmatively prove that they are innocent of a crime and that they did not know of the illegal activity.    Ms. Sheth. So it is very difficult, and this process stacks the deck against innocent property owners.    Ms. Sheth. Sure. Unfortunately, there are no hard statistics on the disproportionate impact of civil forfeiture on minorities and those of lower income. But a study or examination by the Washington Post revealed that in 400 Federal court cases they examined in which people contested seizures and received their money back because there was absolutely no grounds for the seizure, the majority were Black, Hispanic, or another minority.    And even the DOJ itself has implicitly acknowledged that cold consent encounters are more often associated with racial profiling than contacts based on previously acquired information, and that is revealed in the OIG report from January 2015.    If I may just briefly address some of the points that Mr. Henderson raised? There is no better way to ensure that the primary purpose of asset forfeiture is not to benefit from those assets than simply to eliminate the ability of law enforcement to retain those assets.    Also, a point of clarification. Mr. Henderson is, unfortunately, wrong on the point about Indiana law. While the Indiana constitution does require forfeitures to go to the common school fund, Indiana statute allows for law enforcement expenses of forfeiture to be paid out of forfeiture proceeds, and indeed, the Indiana attorney general has taken the formal legal position that because these are civil and not criminal proceedings, civil forfeitures are not required to go to the common school fund.    Ms. Sheth. Well, to clarify, the Indiana statute specifically authorizes prosecutors to hire private attorneys. The contingency fee agreement is what it is, by practice, and it is usually up to 30 percent.    To answer your question, what can be done for the racial profiling is to require the DOJ to actually track statistics. Greater transparency in reporting about how it is affecting minorities and how many stops are minorities.    Ms. Sheth. I will just note that I know one of the justifications asserted for civil forfeiture is to compensate the crime victims, and Mr. Blanco has said that the DOJ has returned over $4 billion to crime victims, and $1.87 billion of that was recovered through civil forfeiture. Presumably, hopefully, some of that money would help victims like of sex trafficking.    But in fact, that $4 billion represents approximately only 13 percent of seizure and forfeiture values, and that is from 2000 to August 2014. So it is a very minor portion of the revenue being generated.    Ms. Sheth. Well, that could be, and that is exactly the role of Congress that when forfeiture proceeds come in, it shouldn't go back to the law enforcement agencies for them to unilaterally decide how it should be spent. It should go to Congress.    Now Congress can allocate that money as it sees fit, and that is exactly where it should go and to eliminate that profit incentive and compensate crime victims and do other revenue-neutral kind of things. And to be fair, as law enforcement agencies do need the money and do need resources, they should be adequately funded to fight crime.    Ms. Sheth. But that is the role of Congress or the legislative branch to ensure.    Ms. Sheth. I am sorry?    Ms. Sheth. Yes. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Sheth. Yes.    Ms. Sheth. Yes.    Ms. Sheth. Yes.    Ms. Sheth. Yes.    Ms. Sheth. Yes.    Ms. Sheth. Sure. As an initial matter, the Equitable Sharing Program should be abolished. To give you an idea of the scope of the Equitable Sharing Program, since 9/11, the amount of cash seizures have totaled $2.5 billion.    Now the ability of State and local law enforcement to generate that revenue, they should, as Representative Gowdy suggested, should be adequately funded, and that should come from the State level or through maybe other revenue-neutral Federal grants. But it should not come from civil forfeiture by seizing property owners' property without any adequate process.    One of the examples should be to abolish adoptive seizures in their entirety. The additional, it should be--there is no--I am not saying that we shouldn't have joint task forces, but that monetary incentive should be abolished. And similarly, at the Federal level, the profit incentive should be abolished.    And by increasing different procedural safeguards, like the right to counsel or like increasing the burden of proof on the Government from preponderance of the evidence to clear and convincing or restoring the presumption of innocence on property owners, to put the burden rightly on the Government to prove knowledge.    Also the ability to have a prompt opportunity to contest the seizure. Right now, under Federal law, that is only allowed for for other kinds of property, but not cash, and that should be provided for cash seizures as well.    Finally----    Ms. Sheth. Oh, okay. Sorry. Finally, increased transparency and reporting would also go a long way. For example, putting the CATS database online or how property is distributed under equitable sharing requests.    Mr. Blanco had said something about whether or not State and local law enforcement actually receive any of the proceeds. I would question how many equitable sharing requests were denied.