    Mr. Amling. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members and staff of the committee, fellow witnesses, and attendees. My name is Alan Amling, and I am the Vice President of Marketing for UPS Global Logistics and Distribution. And during my 23-year tenure, I have helped our business develop and grow across all aspects of the e-economy and to launch innovative new solutions like carbon-neutral shipping.    While you are likely familiar with UPS' fleet of more than 100,000 brown trucks and our 425,000 employees globally, you may not know much about our supply chain business. More than 100 years ago, UPS started as a bike messenger in Seattle. In 2016, we operate one of the largest airlines in the world and offer global supply chain services, including ocean and air freight, ground freight, brokerage, and contract logistics, in addition to our more familiar brown package services.    Our global logistics network, made more intelligent and efficient, has the potential to radically reshape and reinvent economies. That is why we are interested in 3D printing, which could disrupt traditional manufacturing the way that e-commerce has disrupted traditional retail. Certainly, as this new technology becomes more widely available, there will be bumps in the road and hurdles to overcome, but the power of 3D printing cannot be overstated. It is disruptive not just because it is new, but because it helps small businesses and entrepreneurs do what they already need to do today, only better and less expensively.    Therefore, as 3D printing revolutionizes manufacturing, it will also affect our business of supply chains and eventually product pricing and the end consumer experience. 3D printing effectively means that businesses no longer will face minimum quantities. They will be able to order what they need when they need it. Upfront tooling cost, which is a big expense for businesses both large and small, makes 3D printing ideal for small batch production runs. And there is no tax on complexity. And what I mean by that is there is no corresponding increase in cost for a more complex design like this.    The disruptive nature of 3D printing, therefore, will create opportunities, but it will also require adjustments. As it becomes possible to send product design instructions via the Internet and print products locally, small businesses and entrepreneurs will be able to move from the idea phase to the production phase more quickly and cost effectively. Instead of delivering a product from a warehouse, products could be delivered from a 3D printing service offered at a retail outlet, such as a UPS store or right to your door.    Disruptive technology like 3D printing stands to help our customers do more with a lower environmental impact, all while benefitting consumers like you and me. It has the potential to increase profit margins within the supply chain by reducing cost, and that is good news for small businesses and entrepreneurs especially.    Additionally, it is important to understand that disruption will happen. There is almost no stopping the spread of technology and innovation. So we are either in the game or watching it, and I know what side of the equation UPS wants to be on.    And to that end, in anticipation of 3D printing's impact, UPS has already started putting 3D printers into UPS store locations. Our initial customer response was so positive that we have since expanded to more than 60 stores, with plans for continued growth.    Likewise, through our internal venture capital arm, we invested in a 3D printing manufacturer named CloudDDM and put their production facilities in the heart of our Louisville supply chain campus, just minutes from our global air hub. The operation has been up and running for a year and allows companies to order parts and prototypes to be printed late into the evening and have them delivered anywhere in the U.S. by the next morning. In doing so, UPS has helped to create a model that actually increases package demand and differentiates the company from other carriers. Now that is groundbreaking stuff.    Today, UPS is learning and adapting to new technologies, something we have done many times over our more than 100 years of operation. As proven over and over throughout history, those who embrace innovation and change early and often are the most richly rewarded, and disruptive technology, like 3D printing, has that incredible potential.    I commend the committee for their interest in understanding more about 3D printing and welcome this opportunity to share what we have learned up to this time. Thank you for your time today, and I look forward to answering questions.    Mr. Amling. Yes. Thank you very much.    So UPS is more than a package delivery company. We are a network company. We are not a manufacturer. But we are a network company. We are a problem solver. And so we see 3D printing as another tool in the bag to make businesses more efficient and to help them expand. So that is what the small businesses, it is what the UPS store is all about, in helping small businesses grow.    So when we put 3D printers in the UPS stores, one of the things small businesses have to do, if they have a new product idea, is to design a prototype. Prior to 3D printing, that is an arduous task, right. You have got to create a model. Sometimes that model is produced outside of the U.S. and shipped back. Now we are giving them the opportunity to produce that model and do rapid prototyping right in their home city.    I have an example of a gentleman that we highlighted during our 3D Printing Week named Caleb Kraft. And what he did was he is creating supplements to gaming controls so people with disabilities can play the game. And because people have different disabilities, everyone is different. Can you imagine how difficult that would be before 3D printing?    That is one of the things. We are unleashing innovation. And so that is the small customers. We are seeing a lot of hobbyists, small businesses, and designers using the UPS stores.    We have now more of an industrial-grade 3D printing operation in our Louisville supply chain headquarters, and that is being used by designers, but it is also being used by big manufacturers that have these service part networks, and they need to have on-demand parts. And so we are allowing them to order parts from us and be delivered anywhere in the country.    Mr. Amling. Yes.    Mr. Amling. So great. So right now this is what we are seeing. We are seeing a lot of rapid prototyping. That is kind of the application we are seeing the most. We are also seeing a lot of small batch production runs. So even large manufacturers, if they are only printing or need to produce 500 or 1,000 of a certain item, it is actually less expensive right now to do it via 3D printing. And we are all about efficiency, and that is what they are doing.    Now, 5 years out, I wish I had a crystal ball, but what we see is we see more customized products, right, that are tailored to the specific needs of the individual, and 3D printing can allow that to happen. We think that is a little further out, but right now we see definitely on-demand parts in prototypes.    In terms of legislation, again, UPS is a network, UPS is a global network. Right now we are only doing 3D printing in the United States. Eventually, just like we have helped businesses by connecting a global network with our transportation, the plan is to do that with 3D printing. And so as that happens, there are going to be legislative issues that arise that will need to be addressed to keep that going because we know that the more we can promote global commerce and trade, it is good for everybody.    Mr. Amling. So you learned to work hard.    Mr. Amling. Bend at the knees, right?