    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I did miss the Chairman Ryan's opening statement, but I did take note in his printed version of it that he quoted a very popular person to quote these days, Pope Francis. And he said where there is no work, there is no dignity. I think we can all find agreeance in that. I know Mr. McGovern and Ms. Fudge talked about the importance of a living wage. So here is another quote from Pope Francis, and I quote, ``A just wage enables human beings to have adequate access to all the other goods which are destined for our common use.'' And that is from Joy of the Gospel 192. So I hope this means we can consider legislation to raise the minimum wage since Pope Francis said that as well. We won't quote the climate change; I don't have enough time right now for that. But I do want to thank the chairman. I want to thank our colleagues from the Ag Committee for joining us today as well.    Let me start by saying that I think the majority of us here want to support, and do support work while we strengthen our safety net programs. It is not an either/or situation.    Ms. Golden, you mentioned explicitly in your testimony that there is overwhelming evidence that the safety net supports work. So that is important to recognize. But I do want to make sure we are clear on what it means to support and encourage work. To me that meaning strengthening, not weakening programs like the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. These are programs that directly and without doubt reward work for lowest income families. It gives them the net effect of earning more, puts more money in their pockets. We need to extend the expiring provisions of these program and ensure they are reaching their full potential for the families that they serve.    Enhancements like linking the amount of the child tax credit through inflation, making permanent the higher credit amount set in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, and make the tax credits fully refundable. Another critical part of the encouraging work through the safety net is child care. And I appreciate the discussions before my testimony.    No matter what problem we are looking at, if we want to help people work, we need to help them find and afford child care for their children. If they simply will not work, we will just be piling on to the social ills of a society which the other side of the aisle would decry at the same time.    So otherwise, you can add in as many work requirements, restrictions and other burdens you think of, and all you will end up doing is forcing people off these programs to make those tough choices, and quite frankly, spiraling them further into deeper poverty. We need to make a significant investment in child care to make sure it reaches more people who need it. I will soon be reintroducing my Child First Act to make a greater investment in funding for child care.    President Obama has proposed investing $82 billion over 10 years in mandatory funding for child care, which provide more than an additional 1 million children under age 4 with access to quality child care, not only helps the child, but helps the family, helps society, and helps people work.    And with that, I will yield back to the chairman.