    Mr. McKeon. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of this subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to be here today to discuss the fiscal 2016 budget request for missile defense. I am grateful for your attention to and support of this critical mission of defending our homeland, our partners and allies, and deployed forces from a growing ballistic missile threat.    The President's budget requests $9.6 billion in fiscal year 2016, of which $8.1 billion is for the Missile Defense Agency to develop, deploy missile defense capabilities to protect the homeland and strengthen our regional missile defenses.    Sequestration levels would be significantly lower and, as Secretary Carter has said, would make the Nation less secure. Even without sequestration, however, in these austere times, there is still not enough money to fund every program that we might wish to have and we are required to prioritize investments accordingly.    As members of this subcommittee, you are well aware of the ballistic missile threats and trends, some of which is spelled out in detail in our opening statements. I will focus on a few key policy priorities for addressing these threats: defending the United States against limited long-range ballistic missile attacks, strengthening defense against regional missile threats, fostering defense cooperation with partners, and examining how to advance missile defense technology base in a cost-effective manner.    The U.S. homeland is currently protected against potential ICBM attacks from states like North Korea and Iran. To ensure that we stay ahead of the threat, we are continuing to strengthen our homeland defense posture and invest in technologies to better enable us to address emerging threats in the next decade. This requires continued improvement to the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system, including enhanced performance of the ground-based interceptors and deployment of new sensors.    We remain on track to deploy 14 additional interceptors in Alaska by the end of 2017. These interceptors, along with the 30 that are currently deployed, will provide protection against both North Korea and Iranian ICBM threats as they emerge and evolve.    We have also deployed a second forward-based missile defense radar to Japan, which is operating today thanks to the hard work of MDA and the Japanese Government. This radar strengthens both our homeland and regional defenses.    This year's budget also reflects the DOD's commitment to modernizing the GMD system. It will move us toward a more reliable and effective defense to United States. It includes funding for the development of a new radar that, when deployed in Alaska, will provide persistent sensor coverage and improve discrimination capabilities against North Korea. It also continues funding for the redesign of the kill vehicle for the GBI.    As directed by the Congress, the MDA is also conducting environmental impact studies at four sites in the eastern part of the United States that could host an additional GBI missile field. These will be completed next year.    The cost of building an additional missile defense site in the United States is very high. And given that the ICBM threat from Iran has not yet emerged and the need to fix the current GBI kill vehicles, the highest priorities for the protection of the homeland are improving reliability and effectiveness of the GBI and improving the GMD sensor architecture.    This current GMD system provides coverage of the entire United States from North Korean and potential Iranian ICBMs. And no decision has yet been made to deploy an additional missile field in the United States.    I will conclude here, Mr. Chairman, because I see the red light is on. You have the rest of my statement.    Mr. McKeon. Mr. Chairman, I don't have a great deal to add to what my colleagues said.    If you look at the missile defense budget--or at least the MDA budget, $6.2 billion out of the $8.1 billion is in RDT&E . So looking for the investments we need to make to stay with the threats and advance our capabilities, that is where the heart of his budget is.    And we probably can't cut the O&M parts of the Aegis and the other systems. So he would take it out of the R&D side. And, as he explained, that would be pretty devastating to our systems.    Mr. McKeon. The only thing I add, Mr. Cooper, is underlying this memo from the two officers is the tension that we see, and sequestration is also a factor in this, both the one we have already experienced and the one that is looming over us.    Even though we don't have over 100,000 forces forward-deployed right now, there is still stress on some of the force. The COCOMs still have requirements that they need to meet near-term threats and, balanced against that, the Secretary, the Chairman, the service chiefs, they are all trying to bring the forces back to full-spectrum readiness to get the forces healthy.    So it is a tension that is ongoing all the time, the demand for forces from the COCOMs against needing to enhance readiness, and I think that is what underlies some of the appeal in that memo.    Mr. McKeon. Well, Mr. Franks, as you know, our regional missile defense strategy is focused in critical respects on partnerships. And in the example of the Japanese, we are doing a co-development on one of the SM blocks.    So, we are always looking for partners. In a broad sense, it would depend, in particular, what the kind of arrangement we could have with them, what the technology releasability would be.    So there would be a lot of questions to answer, but it is something we are always focused on.    Mr. McKeon. Sir, I was there on Tuesday and it was raining.    Mr. McKeon. Congressman, I don't have a great deal to add to that. Since the beginning of the administration, we have tried to do an exercise to move things from OCO to base so that we don't get heavily dependent on OCO.    We haven't entirely succeeded in that. But I think base spending is always preferable. But in this budget for Admiral Syring, I don't believe we have any request in the OCO.    Mr. McKeon. The European Phased Adaptive Approach has several phases which we are working through, the first phase being a radar in Turkey, second phase we have got some Aegis ships----    Mr. McKeon. We are forward-deploying four BMD Aegis ships to Spain. There are two there now. And there will be two more assigned--or will show up there this year. They have other missions that----    Mr. McKeon. I better defer to one of the admirals to my left to answer that question.    Mr. McKeon. Mr. Chairman, I am hesitating because I am not at liberty to get into the details on some of the options that we are still working through. If I could, I would like to talk to you about this a little bit more in the closed session.    Mr. McKeon. The Department of Defense maintains a robust set of missile defense capabilities in the Asia-Pacific region, including PATRIOT units deployed in the Republic of Korea and Japan as well as forward-deployed ballistic missile defense-capable Aegis ships at Yokosuka, Japan. In time of crisis, the Department also maintains the ability to surge additional ballistic missile defense capabilities into the region in times of crisis in defense of forward-deployed U.S. forces and our allies and partners. Although I cannot comment on specific internal deliberations regarding the current and future disposition of these systems, I can say that the Department continually evaluates the global positioning of U.S. ballistic missile defense forces in order to meet Combatant Commander requirements, including forces assigned and/or allocated to the defense of U.S. interests on the Korean Peninsula and in Japan.    Mr. McKeon. The Aegis Ashore weapon system is currently not available for purchase through the Foreign Military Sales program. Should the U.S. Government decide to make this system available to our allies and partners as an upper-tier capability, it would provide a valuable contribution to a layered ballistic missile defense architecture. In the case of Japan, Aegis Ashore would complement the Japanese Air and Maritime Self-Defense Force's existing PATRIOT and sea-based Aegis ballistic missile defense platforms.    Mr. McKeon. Improving Ground-Based Interceptor (GBI) reliability and lethality is a top priority in the Department of Defense. The planned improvements to the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system will enable Commander, U.S. Northern Command to consider changing the current shot doctrine to make more efficient use of the limited number of deployed GBIs. The Missile Defense Agency (MDA) is working on GBI reliability and lethality. I defer to MDA to provide the details on how MDA is addressing this challenge.    Mr. McKeon. The Department of Defense has made no decision to proceed with an additional Continental Interceptor Site (CIS) in the continental United States at this time. The current Ground Based Interceptor (GBI) sites at Fort Greely, Alaska, and Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, provide the capability required to protect the U.S. homeland against current and projected North Korean Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) threats, as well as the future Iranian ICBM threat, should it emerge. Upgrading the kill vehicle on the GBI and enhancing the homeland defense sensor network are the priorities for improving protection against limited ICBM attack.    Mr. McKeon. The Department of Defense continues to explore a wide range of technologies to defeat missiles in all phases of flight and ``left of launch.'' Ballistic missile defense systems will remain a vital component of protecting our territory and forces from ballistic missile attack, and we will continue to pursue technologies to enhance our capabilities to defend against such threats.    Mr. McKeon. The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 President's Budget request for Ground-Based Mid-Course Defense (GMD) has been carefully prepared to reflect the Administration's priorities for maintaining and improving the nation's homeland Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) system. I defer to the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) to provide the detailed assessment of how the MDA would execute increased funding.    Mr. McKeon. Yes. The Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) is currently ahead of the assessed Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) threat. Planned upgrades to the BMDS, including the Long-Range Discrimination Radar, the Redesigned Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, and sensor discrimination enhancements, will enable the BMDS to continue to pace the threat in the 2020 and 2025 timeframe. We regularly receive updated intelligence assessments on the development of the threat, and we make changes in our programs to keep ahead of the threat, as evidence by the changes to the program announced in March 2013.