    Mr. Gallo. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, for this invitation to testify. I am very well aware it is an honor and a privilege to be here.    I worked as an investigator in the U.N. Office of Internal Oversight Services, OIOS, for 4 years from 2011 to 2015. I have provided you the written statement which summarizes my personal experience and which I hope illustrates how accountability within the U.N. is inconsistent to the point of being nonexistent.    OIOS was established to be independent and to investigate internal misconduct, including sexual exploitation and abuse. And the member states expect OIOS to do that. But, unfortunately, by a combination of assessments of misconduct complaints by other departments and referrals of cases by OIOS to other departments, the reporting of misconduct in the organization is manipulated.    Most of what is reported to OIOS is filtered through an entirely separate office within the Department of Field Support and Conduct and Discipline, who have no mandate to investigate anything, but will assess complaints of misconduct they receive from field missions.    That process often results in those complaints being dismissed as lacking in credibility. In practice, these assessments also identify witnesses who can then be discredited, bribed, or intimidated. If the matter must be investigated by OIOS, by the time the investigators arrive, which will be 3 weeks later, material witnesses have often been paid off, retracted their complaints, or disappeared.    Also, rather than investigating many complaints themselves, OIOS often refers them to other departments, and often to the very department that has the most to lose if the information turns out to be proven true. And I have given you several examples of that in my statement.    It is also no accident that the head of Conduct and Discipline, Mrs. Mercedes Gervilla, is married to Michael Dudley, the Deputy Director of the OIOS Investigation Division. Now the U.N. and the Ethics Office see no conflict in this, but the concern is that OIOS will never challenge any assessment by Conduct and Discipline that is a complaint is not credible. And if a complaint about something potentially embarrassing is received, instead of investigating it themselves, OIOS will refer it back to the Department of Field Support or somewhere where it can be made to disappear.    What we are seeing with reports of more and more cases of sexual abuse by peacekeepers, particularly in the Central African Republic, I attribute to one thing, and that is attention by the press, particularly as a consequence of the Code Blue Campaign. Because of that, reports are being brought to the attention of OIOS directly.    This press attention began last year with the U.N.'s attempt to retaliate against Mr. Anders Kompass for having had the initiative and the integrity to do something about the sexual abuse of children. But the Kompass case also demonstrates something else, and that was that Susanna Malcorra, who was Ban Ki Moon's chief of staff at the time, was taking the decisions and was driving the investigation and that shows that OIOS is not independent. It is actually a resource used by senior management for political ends. The term I have used in the past is that it was a private gestapo, and I will stand by that comment.    OIOS's credibility has been damaged by that and, also, by the Nguyen-Kropp and Postica case where Deputy Director Dudley was found to have tampered with evidence and then retaliated against investigators who reported that. The U.N. only took action against one person following that case, and I am pleased to say that was me. That was not for evidence tampering. That was for making a satirical reference to the evidence tampering from a whiteboard that nobody saw.    A couple of weeks earlier, I had reported another OIOS investigator for what I believe was perjury. That was overlooked. The Investigations Director, Mike Stefanovic, was subject to an investigation for a comment he had made 18 months earlier about rats in the New York subway. When he tried to bring a countercomplaint against the OIOS unit chief for reporting that in bad faith and for misleading the tribunal, the U.N. was not interested.    The concern is that a U.N. staff member who reports serious misconduct is committing career suicide, and the Ethics Office simply fails to protect them. Now my own experience is detailed in the written statement, and I would also draw your attention to the Nartey case, when the Ethics Director failed to obey a court order to protect a staff member. Now that case was doubly ironic because the official responsible for the retaliation, a Mr. Barabanov, had earlier been found by OIOS to have illegally obtained a U.N. firearm, and the U.N. Director General in Nairobi had tried to have him disciplined for that at the time, but, instead, it was she who ended up being dismissed.    That is the reality of accountability in the U.N. It is dependent on who you are and who you know, and maybe a third one, what you know about who you know. The dysfunction in the U.N. cannot be dismissed as a few isolated problems or attributed to be a few bad apples. These problems are deeply ingrained in the culture of the organization.    Now I can, and I frequently do, laugh about it, but I am not here today because this is funny. It is not a joke for the women working in the U.N. who are afraid to report sexual harassment. It is not a joke for the member states whose tax dollars are embezzled and squandered paying for this charade. And it is most certainly not a joke for the women and children raped and sexually exploited with near impunity by the organization that they must rely on for their very survival.    It is for their sake, and certainly not mine, that I urge you to act and to take control of the investigation of wrongdoing by the U.N., because the organization itself has proved incapable of policing itself.    In closing, I would like to thank the committee again for inviting me. And I also have to thank you on behalf of the many current U.N. staff members. They appreciate your addressing this issue, but they cannot say so.    And I will be happy to take your questions afterwards.    Mr. Gallo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    On the subject of the 15-percent budget withholding, I think it is important to realize that in the 12 months after that was passed the United Nations Appeal Tribunal decided the case of Wasserstrom. Mr. Wasserstrom was seriously retaliated against over a number of years. The significance of that appeal court decision was that, because of the way that the regulations were written, which is ST/SGB/2005/21, what should happen is that, when the staff member applies for whistleblower protection, the Ethics Office makes a recommendation to the Secretary-General that he be protected accordingly.    The Appeals Tribunal decided that, because it was only a recommendation that the staff member did not have a legal right to challenge the decision of the Ethics Office. That basically means that whistleblower protection is a privilege and not a right, and it is a privilege which is dependent on, if you like, the grace and favor of the Secretary-General, which essentially means the 38th floor, which is essentially the people you are requiring the protection from. From memory, I think that came out halfway through 2014, and I have certainly not heard of, I have not seen any documentation, I have not heard any rumors of revisions to the legislation.    The example I have given you in the written statement, in order to get whistleblower protection in the U.N., you require something called a protected act, which is essentially making a report of misconduct or cooperating with an audit or investigation. Now, in my case, I applied for whistleblower protection, and it was rejected on the grounds that the complaint which I had made did not contain evidence.    With respect, the wording of the regulation says ``information or evidence.'' My complaint was 2,000 words long, referred to a specific email on a specific date by a specific person, which I claimed was coercion.    But the point is that all the Ethics Office has to do is dismiss that on grounds of credibility and that it does not appear to support a reasonable belief that misconduct has occurred, in which case that disables it. It can, then, deem to be not a protected act and, consequently, no whistleblower protection applies.    The authority on the statistics for whistleblower protection lies with the Government Accountability Project who I believe worked out the statistics at the time that it was something of the order of like 1 percent of applications for whistleblower protection were granted. Okay?    Mr. Gallo. Thank you.    And I would also add my voice to the withholding side of the argument, reluctantly as though it may be, and, also, that OIOS has to be replaced with a truly independent body. We have been focusing on the peacekeeping troops, which present a peculiar problem because they are subject to their own national disciplines.    I would draw your attention to a report which I actually worked on, I believe it was the later half of 2013, which was an analysis of what was reported to OIOS in terms of sexual exploitation and abuse cases. What I found was that the numbers of reports were coming in equally, such that they were split, more or less, 50/50 between the civilian staff and the peacekeepers.    Now, in a typical large peacekeeping mission, you may have 20,000 relatively-disciplined peacekeeping troops and less than 2,000 civilian staff and police personnel. So, if you are getting equal numbers of reports from there, the problem is, in fact, much, much more acute amongst the civilian staff.    And there is something which can be changed and I believe should be changed as a policy decision. That is the waiver of privileges and immunities. The system in place at the moment relies on the privilege and immunities being waived at the end of the process.    When OIOS carries out an investigation into a rape, for example, what are they actually investigating? They are not investigating the rape as a criminal offense. They are investigating whether that constituted a breach of the staff rules for which that staff member may be fired. That can take, at the speed at which the U.N. likes to move investigations, that could take 5 years. At that point, and only at that point, will the organization consider waiving privileges and immunities, so that that staff member can be referred to the national authorities for criminal prosecution.    By that time, the witnesses have relocated, can't be found. There is no DNA evidence. And where, in fact, is the subject himself? He has separated from the U.N. and has returned to his home country. So, you are giving a problem to a country like South Sudan; ``Go and apply to the Government of Poland for extradition to this guy who no longer lives there and has probably retired to Spain or somewhere else.''    One of the things I believe that should be done under a reformed investigation agency is that the privileges and immunities should be waived at the point in the investigation when reasonable grounds to establish that a criminal offense has taken place. At that point, the matter becomes a criminal matter and it can be referred for criminal prosecution.    There is still an ongoing role for monitoring for human rights abuses and legal defense and everything else that the U.N. can do, but, under normal circumstances everywhere else in the world, if you have a conflict between a civil action and a criminal action, it is the criminal which takes priority, and the U.N. is doing it the other way around. If there is a rape case, it should be investigated as a criminal case first.    Mr. Gallo. Mr. Chairman, you asked about cronyism. The word is absolutely. You cannot have senior people in the department who are supposed to be investigating fraud and misconduct who have been found to have retaliated, and been found to tamper with evidence and investigations. You cannot seriously expect members to report anything to them. It is simply not going to happen.    The question of cronyism and everything I believe can be addressed by the imposition of an independent body which reports. So, you have the investigation agency reporting to the General Assembly. That has to be done essentially on a weekly basis.    You asked what would such a body look like. The monitoring that it requires to be done is essentially in three areas. One of them is in the intake of investigations and the intake of complaints. Now at the moment we have a very highly-fragmented system. The previous director, Mr. Stefanovic, made enormous efforts himself to try to impose a single portal for receiving complaints. That is not done. There is no reason why it shouldn't be possible in this day and age for all complaints to come into one single point. The system was actually purchased and is in place. It is just there is a reluctance to use it. The reason there is a reluctance to use it is because it makes it very difficult to make cases disappear. So, the intake of the investigations is something. Of course, the approval as to what is going to be investigated and what can be bid has to be subject to oversight.    Mr. Gallo. I am not sure that is a major problem. I mean, it can be, but it is very difficult to answer on a general basis. The reality is in most cases it is fairly simple to identify who the complainant was who is really the aggrieved party. So, there isn't a major investigative activity to find out who to retaliate against.    As I say, the second issue is the approval of reports as to what is going forward and disciplined decisions, the decision to actually charge someone with misconduct. Now at the moment that is vested in the Assistant Secretary-General of Human Resources. And, I have seen cases where staff members have been investigated and found to have received bribes and actually just been admonished for it and given a letter and told not to do it again. Well, that is not actually a disincentive for anything.    But these things can be done, and there is, I believe, a compromise which would, I think, satisfy everyone that the investigation function can be replaced in such a way that it does not require grievous withholding of the budget. If you can give me a week or 10 days, I would like to get back to you on that one.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Gallo. I believe the ultimate condemnation on that, Mr. Chairman, is if you look at the number of officials of the U.N., particularly the Office of Legal Affairs, that knew that there were children being sexually abused in the Central African Republic and did nothing--not only did they do nothing, but they obstructed the French in the attempt to investigate it. That, to me, is just shocking and intolerable.    From the point of view of this question, if a complainant can actually get the complaint as far as the OIOS, I think that is probably half the battle. What you are seeing now with the increase in attention focused on the Central African Republic, I do not believe that that is a function of decrease of discipline. I believe this situation is just coming to public attention because the press are interested in it, and the press are getting it, raising the attention, such that OIOS cannot ignore it.    But the numbers are still tiny when you look at the total number. I think there were 27 complaints from the entire world last year. And the only reason that there were 108 found in one province of the Central African Republic alone is because somebody went out and looked.    There has been no willingness, there has been no proactive enforcement. Nobody actually goes out. Neither the conduct and discipline teams or anyone else, OIOS does not have the staff to actually go out trying to police these issues.    And that is why I said, if the staff don't trust the investigation service, the whole thing is falling apart at that point. One of the questions that I don't like to be asked is when staff members ask me, ``Should I report this?'' What am I supposed to say? Then they ask me, ``Will I be retaliated against for this?''    The likelihood of you being retaliated against is in direct proportion to the importance of what you are reporting. Someone who is going to report the fuel pump attendant who takes a gallon of kerosene home to sell for beer money or to fuel his stove at home, he is going to get prosecuted. They are going to throw him to the wolves, but nobody is interested in looking at senior officials who are probably bleeding the system dry for millions and millions of dollars.    And what concerns me, and has always concerned me, is not so much what OIOS is investigating, but what they are not investigating. This comes back to this question of the intake function. All right? The number of financial cases that are rejected on the grounds that that is not misconduct, it is a management issue. ST/SGB/273, which is the mandate which covers the mandate for the Investigation Division, includes an investigation of mismanagement and abuse of resources. Nobody can remember the last time there was an investigation into mismanagement of the abuse of resources.    If you can at least get that far, if people will copy reports to their permanent missions, or whatever, I believe you are going to see a difference. I believe that is why the centralized reporting system is different, because I think you are going to see very significant differences in the statistics of what is reported if everything is monitored and everything is controlled because there is an online tracking system for it.