    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Ms. Chairman and Mr. Catcher.    I am fascinated by the Smithsonian over the years, something that predates even our Civil War by nearly 15 years.    I believe you have been there about 5 years. Is that correct?    Mr. Walker. Four years.    One of the things you talked about--I have got a couple of questions I want to get to, but something you brought up I want a little bit more information on.    We talked about the African American museum that is opening. What is the open date? Do we have that projected?    Mr. Walker. Okay. And my question specifically regarding that: Exhibits and history there, will we remove those?    For example, I was just thinking of George Washington Carver as you were talking and all the different inventions and what an amazing man he was.    Do we remove that from one Smithsonian to put it--or do we duplicate it? Can you talk about that process. Because I don't want one missing--one or the other, if you only have time to go to one or the other. Do you understand where I am coming from?    Mr. Walker. Okay.    Mr. Walker. And I appreciate your answer.    My concern is that we make sure that all students are getting a great history from some of the people of ethnic backgrounds who have impacted us and that they didn't miss that even if they were hitting one and not hitting the other one.    A lot of technological advances in the last few years. Can you discuss strategy as far as connecting the Smithsonian, continuing to make it attractive to the younger generation.    We see so many times in the corporate world--or my background is the ministry world--where we don't make the adaptations to connect with the next generation.    Can you talk about that. Is there marketing strategy? How do we move forward with that?    Mr. Walker. Do you find that as a difficult balance? Because you don't want to dumb-down some of the exhibits and some of the historical aspects of it, and I guess that is part of the process as far as trying to find the right balance. Is that a fair assessment?    Mr. Walker. I appreciate you guys working hard to be proactive in the days ahead.    Thank you, Ms. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Horvath.    I yield back.