    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Inspector George, welcome to the committee.    Ms. Olson, thank you for being here today.    I note in your testimony, Ms. Olson, your comments regarding the culture at the IRS. And I think it is a concern that has grown from a concern to an outrage amongst Americans in the country and the lack of trust between the citizens and their Government, and a lot of it stems from the abuse of that trust by the IRS.    And I note certainly the ongoing abusive practices related to--or at least the--hopefully, not ongoing abusive practices related to targets and auditing and harassing of Americans based upon their free speech rights and their engagement in standing up for their beliefs, that they might be targeted by the taxing entity in the United States.    I note that in recent years there have been reports of the IRS reading the private emails of Americans without a warrant in violation of their Fourth Amendment rights, and the IRS's response--or their position was, ``Americans do not have an expectation of privacy in their email accounts.'' Americans do, and they disagree.    I note the presence of Congressman Roskam, who has been very outspoken on this issue, that in recent weeks there have been much light shed on the fact that the IRS has been seizing the assets of Americans without due process, without any crime required, without any allegations, without any representation.    This is more than a culture. This is an agency that has destroyed the trust between it and the American people, believes it is above the law, and believes it can ignore the Constitutional rights of Americans.    And it is just a wonder every day to pick up the newspaper and read about what Constitutional rights are being violated by the IRS, whether it is the First Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment.    It is beyond a culture. It is a broken agency. And maybe it is time to consider wholesale change. Maybe it is time to consider the Fair Tax. Maybe it is time to consider something completely different. Because what is happening at the IRS is not working, and Americans are outraged.    And so I look towards the Inspector General and Ms. Olson for your ideas. But I note that there has been many throughout history who have noted that the power to tax is the power to destroy. And that is what is happening in this country today, and American are outraged.    And I want to know what the--Inspector General, Ms. Olson, what you think should be done and how we correct these abuses of Americans' freedom and Constitutional rights?    Mr. Yoder. Well, I appreciate your response. There is a lot of work to be done here and I think beyond just a bill of rights, I think there need to be wholesale changes of how we operate the IRS and maybe looking at complete reform, things like the Fair Tax.    I do want to ask one other question, Mr. Chairman, thanks for a little more time here, to just ask about the Earned Income Tax Credit. It now ranges in fraud or misapplied payments in the amount of $16- to $19 billion. It is 24 to 29 percent of the entire program. And I think about some of the priorities I have in Congress, helping educate young children through Head Start. We spend $9 billion on that; NIH funding, we spend $31 billion on that. The ability to invest in things that matter to this country by those lost dollars and the impact it has on children, or cancer research, I think is heartbreaking, and it also speaks the inability of the IRS to solve this problem because it goes on year after year.    We have been working on trying to get to the heart of what causes this, and we see that there is a rise in the misapplied payments and the fraud from folks who file on their own, don't file through a preparer, and there are different standards that are applied in those cases. And so I guess my question would be, do you believe that tax filers make when online self-filing, that those certifications are best designed to prevent fraud and prevent improper payments? Do you have any further suggestions for eliminating improper payments across the board? And what are the consequences for knowingly filing and EITC certification via a paid preparer? Are they the same as falsifying online self-preparation?    Mr. Yoder. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, welcome back to the committee. Thanks for your testimony today. I appreciate your testimony and your stated efforts to try to run the department more efficiently and try to clean up some of the challenges culturally that have occurred within the IRS in recent years. But I would think, you would agree, the IRS is still a troubled agency. And things that trouble me are continued abuse of the Constitutional rights of Americans.    You know, it has been often said that the power to tax is the power to destroy. And I believe that the continued efforts to destroy the Constitutional rights of Americans is still a problem that plagues your agency. In the past, we have dealt with the reading of emails of Americans against their Fourth Amendment rights. I believe that is a practice the IRS has stopped. We have discussed this before.    But I still have concerns regarding groups who have applications before the IRS being delayed because of their ideological beliefs, therefore, in violation of their First Amendment rights. We have headline after headline about the IRS seizing accounts and assets of Americans with no crime required, with no due process, with no right to have their issues heard, their assets just seized.    And so my question would be for you: In terms of the groups that have been delayed, there is an article the other day that is entitled ``Death By Delay.'' And it says there are numerous groups who are still waiting multiple years or long lengths of time to have their application reviewed. How many groups are still in the queue, have not had their applications reviewed, or are having their applications denied?    And then, on the issue of seizing assets of Americans without due process, how many assets of the American people are you holding without giving them a chance to speak on their behalf? And what can the IRS do to allow Americans to have greater rights to stand up for themselves before their assets are seized?    Mr. Yoder. Commissioner, my time is running short. I wanted to cover one more topic, to follow up on the conversation regarding the earned income tax credit.    And you stated in your testimony today that it is an area where you have made no progress. You admitted that it is an area that needs to be fixed. It is now $16 billion to $19 billion in either fraudulent payments or misapplied payments to folks who don't deserve the resources. Your entire budget is $11 billion. So as we have this debate about where to find resources for the IRS or any other budget, we have $16 billion to $19 billion sitting out there in fraudulent or misapplied payments. That is 24 to 29 percent of the entire earned income tax credit amount. So it is certainly something that is a huge problem.    In last year's appropriations budget, we actually directed the IRS to fix this. And we raised an issue that had been raised by tax preparers in my district and across the country directing the IRS to ensure that the same questions are being asked of taxpayers whether or not they are preparing their returns, if they paid a tax preparer, or via do-it-yourself methods, such as paper forms, preparation software, or online preparation tools.    My tax preparers tell me that if we treated individuals who don't use tax preparers the same way and held them to the same standards, that we would be able to eliminate a lot of this waste and fraud. And that has been the directive of this committee. So I do think there are tools at your disposal. We would like to see you utilize those to recover this money.