    Mr. Burgess. I thank the gentleman for yielding. And I do want to thank our panelists for being here today. And I am most interested in knowing how you all are going to be working together on an interagency basis to see that we achieve the goals. I would like to hear from you perhaps some of your thoughts on what the legislative branch might do in addition to getting the Cures bill passed over in the other body.    And then finally, there was a significant amount of money made available in this area last December, and I would like to hear from each of you how that money has been allocated and utilized and as to whether or not you thought it had been of any benefit.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Probably of all the members on this committee I have prescribed the most doses of antibiotics. Dr. Bucshon, who was here, is actually significantly younger than I am, so I think I probably have seniority on his as far as the doses of antibiotics.    And it is worth considering just a couple of historic notes as we talk about this, 1929, Sir Alexander Fleming noticed the zone of inhibition around a mole that had grown on his agar plate, and that led to the development of what we now know as penicillin. But it was really 15 years later when the Pfizer Corporation figured out how to manufacture this on a large scale so literally making this wonder drug, which previously was kind of a parlor trick, making it available to the masses and having it available to treat our soldiers on the days that they stormed the beaches at Normandy, thus resulting in significantly lower loss of life and limb from those soldiers who took that beach on that heroic day.    My grandfather practiced obstetrics. He was an academic physician. He unfortunately died in 1940 so he practiced obstetrics in the pre-antibiotic days, and I always kind of look at that with kind of wonder and amazement. Here was an individual that chose a profession before the development of good anesthesia, blood banks, and most of all, antibiotics because anyone who has practiced obstetrics knows that without the ability to prescribe good antibiotics and antibiotics that work well, our ability to fix problems has become severely limited. So we want the antibiotics that we have available to continue to work, and we want them to work well.    The JAMA article that was referenced is of interest, and I thank the staff for pulling it for me so quickly. And just glancing through it, it seems like pharyngitis, otitis media, and sinusitis are the illnesses or the diagnoses that sort of achieve the lion's share of the antibiotic prescriptions. And easy to be critical of the doctors and practitioners who are prescribing those antibiotics, but let us not forget that 130 years before penicillin was discovered, the father of our country succumbed to an illness that was treatable by penicillin, a complication of pharyngitis, tonsillitis, that led to a peritonsillar abscess and ultimately took his life. So bacterial diseases are interwoven within our country's history for the last, what, 85 years, have become part of the story of American medicine.    Dr. Dixon, let me just ask you because this is such an unusual situation with this woman that had the infection. She had an Enterobacter infection? Is that correct? Do I understand the story correctly?    Mr. Burgess. So how in the world did you find this plasmid or this gene that was so unusual? Was there something about this patient's presentation that said we better look for this rare gene?    Mr. Burgess. But there was nothing in the patient's clinical course or her diagnostic presentation that said, oh, boy, we better be looking for this one needle in the haystack?    Mr. Burgess. Well, that is good news, but I guess the other question that comes up is how do you know this hasn't occurred on other occasions----    Mr. Burgess . In all of the vast number----    Mr. Burgess . Of specimens----    Mr. Burgess . That aren't subject to that type of scrutiny?    Mr. Burgess. Yes.    Mr. Burgess. Right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back. Maybe we will have time for a second round.    Mr. Burgess. Flonase, bubba.    Mr. Burgess . The chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back. The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Tennessee 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back.    Let me if I could, I would like to ask a follow-up question because the Center for Medicare and Medicaid services yesterday put out a relatively lengthy proposed rule on the stewardship program. You have had a chance to familiarize yourself with the proposed rule that CMS put out. Now, the question is, once again, do we get the right balance between the regulatory burden and effective governance? So, again, I would just appreciate your thoughts on the proposed rule.    Mr. Burgess. Dr. Woodcock, on the issue of stewardship--and you have mentioned in your opening statement in response to Mr. Tonko's question about involving the USDA and the veterinarian space in this. It is one thing to come down hard on the private practice doc in the United States for overprescribing antibiotics, and I probably include myself in that group that would feel put upon by some of these directions. But honestly, we can't compete with what is being used in feedlots.    Mr. Burgess. And let me just----    Mr. Burgess. Sure.    Mr. Burgess. Let me----    Mr. Burgess. I am going to stop there for--I want to ask one other question, Dr. Woodcock, since we are speaking about animal products. The issuance under an emergency use authorization for a genetically modified mosquito in parts of the world that are affected by the Zika virus, why is that taking so long? Why is it so difficult? Why is a genetically modified mosquito having to go through a new drug application?    Mr. Burgess. OK.    Mr. Burgess. But my understanding, it is being treated as if it was a new drug application, so I appreciate that is not part of today's discussion, but I really do want to follow up with you on that, because I think it is an important issue.    Seeing no further members wishing to ask--you have a question? The gentlelady from Illinois just wants me to conclude, so I do want to thank all our witnesses and members who have participated in today's hearing. I remind members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record, and I ask all the witnesses to agree to respond promptly to these questions.    With that, the subcommittee stands adjourned.