    Mr. Policinski. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the Committee. Thank you for holding today's hearing on the costs and impacts of mandatory biotechnology labeling laws.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify on this important issue. I am Chris Policinski, President and CEO of Land O' Lakes. I also serve as Chairman of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives and am a Board Member of the Grocery Manufacturers Association.    Land O' Lakes, based in Arden Hills Minnesota, is a farmer-owned cooperative, meaning it is owned, governed, and controlled by farmers and local agricultural cooperatives. Land O' Lakes touches more than 300,000 farmers across the country making us well-positioned to understand the benefits of biotechnology and the impact of measures designed to mandate the labeling of GMO products.    Biotech crops have been around for 2 decades and provide extraordinary benefits to farmers and consumers: higher crop yields per acre, less tilling of the land, decreased use of natural resources such as water and land, reduced use of insecticide, better soil quality, and lower consumer prices are just some of the benefits GM crops provide.    Despite these benefits and the proven safety of GMOs, some are pushing for states to pass laws that would mandate the labeling of GMO foods. We are told this is about consumer choice. The consumers already have these choices and many others. Some choose to pay a premium for food that is produced by certain methods, such as organic or does not contain certain ingredients, such as those that are gluten-free. Others prioritize affordability, accessibility, convenience, or taste. Voluntary labeling currently presents all of these choices in the marketplace, and that is the model that should exist for GMO labeling as well.    Mandating GMO labeling runs contrary to the essential purpose of government-mandated labeling, which is to provide consumers with accurate and relevant information regarding the safety of the foods they eat. Every major health and regulatory organization has found that GMOs are as safe as any other food and as such do not require any special labeling.    Mandated GMO labeling is an effort to stigmatize a form of technology in an attempt to drive it out of the marketplace. You don't have to take my word for it. Two months ago an activist association published an article admitting that the push to enact state-wide GMO labeling is part of a larger effort to drive GMOs off the market. In addition to stigmatizing biotechnology, a state-by-state patchwork of mandated food labeling laws would be a logistical nightmare creating dozens of different standards, different definitions, and different exemptions.    Fortunately, Congress has the authority and the responsibility to protect the free flow of goods across state lines. Uniformity in our nation's food labeling ensures consumers have consistent, accurate information on dairy, poultry, meat, and other foods. Under Federal preemption, Congress can create a voluntary uniform national solution to the labeling of food products derived from ingredients using biotechnology. The value of this approach is that it not only respects a consumer's right to choose but it also respects a farmer's right to choose to use a safe, proven technology.    Stigmatizing GMO foods through a patchwork of state labeling mandates or even mandatory Federal labeling jeopardizes innovation and threatens the future of development and use of technology in agriculture. As a result, farmers will have fewer choices of what to plant. We will see higher costs due to crop segregation, lower yields, a decline in productivity, and an increased environmental footprint. That is dangerous for everyone.    And this threat is real and imminent. There is currently some form of GMO labeling legislation pending in over \1/2\ of our state legislatures, and Vermont's GMO labeling mandate is scheduled to take effect next year. That is why I strongly urge Congress to enact a common-sense law that will provide farmers and consumers with the clarity and certainty needed for meaningful, voluntary food labeling.    Last year our company supported the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act, and we understand that similar legislation will be introduced soon. Updates to the bill from last year may include the creation of a voluntary, non-GMO verification program run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. We would support such a provision which would ensure that consumers get accurate information while preserving choices available to shoppers and farmers.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify before this Committee. I look forward to working with each of you this year to pass a common-sense solution that meets the demands and expectations of the American people.    Mr. Policinski. Yes.    Mr. Policinski. Our farmers have embraced biotechnology faster than any technology in history, and they have done that because the benefits to their economics on farm, the environment, less land and water use, less crop protection products use, and the consumers are so readily apparent. So this technology is central to the way our farmers, our farmer-owners, operate their businesses. So we have embraced that in terms of the way we manage our business. We have a business unit called Winfield Solutions that sells seed and crop protection products to farmers. We sell all types of seed and crop protection products to farmers. We sell biotechnology, biotech plants. We sell conventional seeds. So we believe in farmer choice, and it has been a good business for our farmers. It has been a good business for us, and it is good for the consumer in terms of the benefits of lower costs and a lower environmental footprint.    Mr. Policinski. Congressman Peterson, we haven't yet decided. I think Mr. Dempsey outlined the three choices very well. First is to stop selling to any individual state, second is to relabel our products at considerable expense, and third is to re-engineer our supply chain and reformulate our products at even greater expense. None of those are good choices. All of those choices would result in either denying consumers access to products which we wouldn't support, but they would also yield the other two choices short of not selling in any one individual state are much higher costs passed along to consumers. So I would agree with Mr. Dempsey's outline of the three basic choices. As a company, we haven't yet decided. There are no good choices in any of those.    Let me outline as well that the idea of not selling a product in Vermont is also a very difficult choice because we would be liable for any of our products that might find their way into Vermont, and the cost of that liability is extraordinary. I think the penalty is $1,000 per item. So even if you said you wanted to pursue that first option, it is really not a viable option, which is why we so strongly support a Federal voluntary labeling law here.    Mr. Policinski. Yes, I do. I think there is a tremendous productivity story here. In fact versus 2-2\1/2\ generations ago, we are growing 6\1/2\ times more corn on 13 percent fewer acres.    We often talk about that in terms of per-bushel yield, but I will tell you, there is a tremendous sustainability story there in terms of less water and land use, less protection and crop----    Mr. Policinski. Well, let me just respond because there are a few things that I would agree with. First, I agree there is great confusion in the marketplace right now, and state level labeling laws would increase that. I agree, and the Pompeo bill that was offered last year said we need to define natural, and that would be important to do. I think that a voluntary national standard would provide consumers with that choice and the information they need to make a decision. I think to do it the other way around and to mandate the label does stigmatize the ingredient and infers there is something that must be wrong with it versus how we have done organic in a certified USDA organic program. We didn't ask all food to be certified non-organic to be able to communicate to consumers the value of the choice to make an organic food.    There is some agreement that we do have tremendous confusion, and that is why we support very firmly a national labeling legislation that has voluntary options. I do agree that we do need to define natural, and that is in the proposed legislation. But I don't agree that it should be mandatory because that does stigmatize----    Mr. Policinski. Congressman, I would like to respond to your question because there is a desire in the industry to engage with consumers around this great dialogue where their food comes from. But we want to do it in a science- and fact-based way. This actually is part of that, having an orderly Federal law that is voluntary around labeling GMO products, would create an environment that we can engage with consumers in a constructive way. There are a number of things that are going on in a variety of industry association, two that I am part of, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives and the Grocery Manufacturers Association. Everything from facts up, from to a discussion of how we can do exactly what you have described, to engage consumers in a dialogue, which is bigger than a package panel, regarding where their food comes from and help them understand that there are a lot of modern business practices that give us the safest, lowest-cost, most-abundant food supply in our history.    So that is under way, and this is part of that process, to create an orderly environment to engage consumers in that discussion.    Mr. Policinski. I would be glad to offer my perspective which is based on a few things, but I do agree that we have talked about this biotechnology and biotech traits in large part in farmer terms, yield per acre. We haven't done enough of a discussion around the benefits to the environment, less land, less water use, less crop inputs, more benign crop inputs.    We haven't talked enough about it in terms of cost and the benefits to consumers, in terms of lower-cost foods, because we get a crop--just a couple of years ago we had the drought. We got a crop. The weather patterns were not that dissimilar from the late 1980s when we didn't get a crop. So we don't talk enough about the benefits beyond yield per acre.    I think you raised another benefit and that is the ability to feed the soon-to-be nine to ten billion people on the planet in an increasingly productive and sustainable way and adapt to climate change along the way. I do not think we can feed that nine to ten billion people that are soon to be on the planet without chewing up a lot of natural resources without biotechnology.    Mr. Policinski. No, I would agree, just something to add to Mr. Dempsey's statements, that I would agree. We support the Federal voluntary labeling program. I think it does allow us to provide consumers a choice, but importantly it allows us to continue to engage with consumers in a dialogue regarding where their food comes from, which is important. I just don't think the front of the label is where it should be. And as I said earlier, there are a number of efforts going on in the industry, in individual companies and within industry associations to further that desire to engage with consumers around where their food comes from in the modern business practices that give us this great lowest-cost, most-abundant, safest food supply that we have had in our history.    Mr. Policinski. Well, I don't know if it is policy or not. I think policy that we have had in this country and our regulatory agencies have been very fact- and science-based, and that needs to be continued. We need to be very fact- and science-based in the policies that do come out and the regulations that do come out from our regulatory bodies. And I would say that needs to be continued, and in large part, that is what we are talking about today.    Other engagement that is going on is voluntary and by individual companies, and what I am describing and to some degree even your question about Whole Foods is individual companies can choose to market how they choose to market, and consumers could choose to make their own decisions based on that. I do think that we are seeing very healthy outgrowth of this conversation and others. Consumers are more interested in where their food is coming from, and we will see more, I know we will see more, organizations on a voluntary basis provide that information on websites and through a variety of means.    So I don't think that is a matter of policy. I think that is the individual companies trying to be very transparent with their consumers.    Mr. Policinski. Yes. Well, let me be clear. I am not for deceptive marketing in any way.    Mr. Policinski. The record will reflect that, right. And nor am I accusing anybody of that. I think the notion is just increased transparency of where your food comes from. There are a lot of modern business practices that contribute to, as I have said before and we need to keep saying it, the safest, lowest-cost, most-abundant food supply in our history and arguably in the world.    Biotechnology is just one of those modern business practices that yields that statement. There are other practices such as advanced breeding on dairy farms that lead to very efficient dairy cows that produce milk more--there are a lot of practices that we need to talk more about.    Mr. Policinski. Congressman, not to be redundant, but I want to come back to the Pompeo-Butterfield bill that was offered before that by establishing a national voluntary standard does clear up confusion. It does provide consumer choice in the same manner that organic, USDA-certified organic does, and it does preserve farmer choice. It allows the marketplace to determine then the size of those businesses and the size of the use of that technology. There is a simple solution.    Mr. Policinski. Yes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Policinski.    Mr. Policinski. Perfect.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Wonderful. Tell me, we haven't discussed much, but tell me about science-based? What exactly is science-based voluntary labeling and just how critical is a voluntary label to your business?    Mr. Policinski. Yes. First, science-based: Dr. Federoff did a good job talking about science-based decisions and how they are made. I think that as it relates to this topic of biotechnology and biotech traits, clearly the weight of the sciences, that the technology is safe. And that has been reinforced by a variety of agencies over 20 years, thousands of studies. So that is the first point. And our company is very interested in that as is the entire food industry.    Second, the voluntary national labeling standard in the Pompeo-Butterfield bill just makes order out of a potentially chaotic situation of state-by-state labeling. That is, as you have heard from Mr. Dempsey, a situation that is not just another label. It is often characterized as that. And we do have products on the marketplace that are modified at the end of the system, for a new flavor, for example. But this change would extend all the way back through the food supply chain, right to the farm, the seeds that are chosen, the inventory of the seeds that are carried, the segregation of the crop, the transportation and distribution of a separate crop, the storage of those raw materials that are factories in separate facilities or storage areas, and then the segregation of the manufacturing process where we would have to run one technology and then clean the lines and then run another technology. I haven't yet gotten to the forward segregation of the supply chain when we ship and distribute goods to the grocery store, which again, would require segregation.    So the reason we are so supportive of a voluntary national labeling standard, the Pompeo-Butterfield bill that was offered last year, is it makes order out of that potential chaos or complexity and saves cost.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Bost, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Policinski. Congressman, we did talk about this and the bottom line is we have not decided. There are no good choices. The three choices that are often mentioned are don't ship to that state. Well, let me remind you that it is Vermont right now, but there are 26 states with pending legislation    Mr. Policinski. Second, labeling or segregation, the second and third choices, are difficult and costly as I just tried to explain. I also want to outline, and you may have been out of the room when we talked about this, that the idea of not shipping to a state like Vermont is really a non-starter in my opinion because of the legal liability. Let us say that was a choice we made, which I am not advocating that. We would still be held accountable for the fact that any of the products we might ship to neighboring states would show up in Vermont, and the penalty there is substantial. I believe the Vermont legislation has a penalty of $1,000 per day per SKU. That is a very substantial penalty. And by the way, that is enforced by the Vermont Attorney General's Office, not the usual regulatory bodies that we work with because it is a violation of their law.    So this is a very onerous situation. In all these paths, there are no good decisions there. They are all higher-cost decisions.    Mr. Policinski. Yes. First, farmers are pretty savvy businessmen, and they have adopted this technology at record pace. Of all the technologies over all the years, this has been the one that has been adopted by farmers the most quickly and it is because they see the benefits so clearly to their operations, to the environment, less land and water, and to cost, to consumers. I think farmers have voted.    What we are trying to do here in the discussion is preserve their choice of how they want to farm as well as provide consumer choice. And again, the Pompeo-Butterfield legislation that was proposed clearly affords that opportunity through developing a national standard----    Mr. Policinski. We did have a discussion a couple of times now on how onerous it is to have a state law or a series of state laws, and if you chose not to serve those areas, the implications of legal liability would be very onerous.