    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Secretary, I am going to take you in a different direction, totally different subject. I want to personally thank you and especially thank Secretary Robert Work. I spent 13 years of my life trying to clear the names of two Marine pilots who crashed a V-22 Osprey in Marana, Arizona, on April 8 of the year 2000.    Secretary Carter, I want to thank Secretary Work publicly because he did something that I could not get the Marine Corps to do, and that is to look openly and evaluate the information that we had put together working with experts. Many of those were Marine pilots themselves. There were aeronautical engineers who came to the aid of saying that at the time, if you remember, that Secretary of Defense Cheney wanted to scrap the V-22 program. There was a lot of pressure. There was a lot of push by the Marine Corps to make sure that the V-22 was their plane for the future.    When I reached out and found Secretary Work, he spent the time to meet with me and spent several hours, days, researching all the information that we had put together. A team of experts helped me to put it together. And then he came back with his evaluation that the record needed to be corrected, that it was unfair to Colonel John Brow, pilot, and Major Brooks Gruber, copilot, whose wife brought this to my attention in the year 2002.    And I want to say today that you have brought peace--Secretary Work and you--have brought peace to the families of John Brow and Brooks Gruber. And I believe sincerely that John Brow and Brooks Gruber are now resting in their graves, and they are resting peacefully because of what you and Secretary Work have done.    This has gotten national attention. And I have talked to Trish Brow, and I have talked to Connie Gruber. They are hearing from marines who are now retired. They are hearing from friends from years passed who have said ``Hallelujah'' that now the truth is known and those two pilots will not take the blame for what was unfair at the time of the accident.    So I want to thank you publicly and thank Deputy Secretary Robert Work, because the truth is now known that they were not responsible for that accident. It was a combination of many, many factors. So I will give you a chance to respond, and then I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Jones. Thank you, sir.    I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Mr. Larsen.