    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the Secretary for joining the committee today, and I want to thank her and the administration for putting forward a budget that reduces our deficit, makes important investments in health and education that our country needs.    I applaud the work of the Department of Health and Human Services for working to implement the Affordable Care Act. I congratulate on the especially successful 2016 third quarter enrollment period and 4.9 million new customers in the Federal Exchange.    Madam Secretary, you have seen firsthand, of course, the positive effects of the Affordable Care Act. I know in my home State of Colorado, 16.5 percent of people lacked health care insurance before the Affordable Care Act, and last year, the number fell to 6.7 percent, a historic low.    I am concerned, however, about how the geographic rating areas for each State can skew the cost of health care. My constituents in Grand County, for example, face among the very highest premium increases in the country. Their premiums went up at least 25 percent this year. They pay, by the way, nearly twice as much as other Coloradoans for insurance.    How is the Department helping States to guarantee that families and individuals who live in rural mountain communities are able to access high quality care at a reasonable cost the way the Affordable Care Act intended?    Mr. Polis. Are there are some States that have rolled out single geographic rating areas for their entire State?    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    Mr. Polis. Sure. To transition to Head Start, of course, I am a firm believer in the benefits of Head Start for kids and communities, and in my district and my State, we also have many high quality charter schools that serve at risk kids. Public charter schools have the autonomy to offer a unique curriculum, many students and parents take advantage of that. In Denver Public Schools, about a quarter of the kids attend public charter schools.    You know Head Start grants are given to non-profits, community centers, sometimes traditional public schools, but to my knowledge, no charter school has received Head Start grants and few have applied.    Can you talk about what your agency is doing to clarify guidance and do outreach so that high quality charter schools know they are eligible for Head Start grants and understand how to meet the Head Start requirements so they can offer those services for families?    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I also wanted to briefly address transgender health. I have worked closely with my colleagues in the Equality Caucus, Representative Takano, Representative Pocan, also on this committee.    HHS proposed a rule to implement the non-discrimination provisions of the Affordable Care Act that would prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity. When can we expect a final rule, and are there improvements to the proposed form to the final rule, which is so important to the LGBT community?    Mr. Polis. You will have time to complete that rule, correct?    Mr. Polis. Okay. Thank you. I will have some other questions for the record, and I will yield back.