    Ms. Bailey. Thank you. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to address our efforts to enhance employee engagement at DHS.    I joined DHS in January of this year as a career Federal executive with nearly 35 years of service. Most of those years have been spent in human resources in the field and at agency headquarters. I'm responsible for the Department's overall human capital program, including providing human resource solutions for DHS headquarters employees.    My office also supports employee engagement efforts led by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary. In fact, in my discussions with DHS prior to even coming on board and taking this job, the Under Secretary for Management made it very clear that employee engagement was a top priority for the Secretary and the Department, as a whole, and as you can imagine, it is also one of my top priorities.    DHS is a large and complex agency that holds an extraordinary set of missions. Our employees, many of whom are on the frontlines, conduct difficult work under challenging circumstances.    Recently, the Secret Service successfully protected 32 heads of state during the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.    Transportation security officers discovered 58 firearms in carry-on bags around the Nation just last week, 49 of which were loaded, and 20 had a round chambered.    The Coast Guard safely returned more than three dozen migrants found drifting in the Caribbean back to Cuba.    The Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, Customs and Border Protection officers, and Border Patrol agents and their partner agencies seized more than a ton of marijuana in a tunnel connecting California with Mexico. These are only a few examples.    Clearly, DHS personnel, including those who provide critical assistance behind the scenes, do amazing work, are our greatest strength, and deserve all the support that we can give them.    In my short time at DHS, I can tell you that from the top to the bottom, this department is laser-focused on supporting our workforce so that they can accomplish their missions. Engagement is a mission-critical leadership issue. I have seen firsthand how engaged our leaders are in embracing our workforce, and it is clearly a top priority.    I was also encouraged to see that two of our components--Coast Guard and Citizenship and Immigration Services, with a combined total of 22,000 civilian employees--consistently score above the government-wide average on the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey. We are leveraging their successful practices across the Department.    The Secretary, Deputy Secretary, and the Under Secretary for Management have conducted numerous town halls across the country, thanking employees for their service, recognizing achievements, responding to questions, and receiving direct feedback on how we can improve our policies, our services, our operations, and even our opportunities for our employees.    Both the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary have also employed ``undercover boss'' experiences to literally walk in the shoes of frontline employees and show their respect and appreciation for the tough jobs that they perform daily.    DHS component leadership has also reached out directly to their employees during town halls. They have implemented crowd-sourcing idea-gathering. They have developed DHS-wide and component-specific leadership development to all levels of leadership.    Since last year's testimony on this issue, we have accomplished quite a lot, including this year for the first time actions plans were signed by component leadership and submitted to the Under Secretary ensuring senior leaders' commitment and support.    The Under Secretary and I are also working with representatives from all of the components through our Employee Engagement Steering Committee to ensure implementation of their plans and to share lessons learned and successful practices.    A new department-wide employee engagement action plan, reflecting input from across DHS has three major focus areas: selecting and empowering high-performing leaders, developing excellent leaders at all levels, and enhancing communications. This has led to the deployment of new initiatives, including behavioral interview questions for all senior leadership positions ensuring we hire high-performing and engaged leaders, an online leadership resource center, which provides guidance and resources for all of DHS leaders covering a number of areas, including innovation toolkits, how to conduct meaningful town hall meetings, and stay interviews; and finally, accountability for SES with an engagement element added to our 2016 SES performance plans.    In addition, we're working with components to encourage employees to participate in the upcoming survey through messaging that states how feedback leads to ideas, and ideas leads to change, and change then leads to a more engaged workforce and increased morale.    Every day, the men and women of DHS carry out difficult and dangerous work that is often unseen by the American public. They do an outstanding job and have a deep commitment to the mission. Through our efforts dedicated to employee engagement, we are determined to enhance their work experience and honor the contributions of our hardworking and dedicated workforce.    Thank you again for supporting our employees, who protect us and our great Nation.    Ms. Bailey. Yes, it is.    Ms. Bailey. No, sir, I wasn't.    Ms. Bailey. No, sir, I was not.    Ms. Bailey. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bailey. I do believe, sir, that with all of the efforts that we have actually put in--put forth within this last year and actually for the last couple of years, I do think that what we're going to see is actual improvement in our EVS scores. There is an absolute dedicated commitment. We agree leadership matters most. We have--from the Secretary to the Deputy Secretary to the Under Secretary and on down, we've made a concerted effort to get out and listen to the employees and find out ----    Ms. Bailey. Well, if I may, sir, everybody does not hate coming to work to DHS. In fact, most of the men and women at DHS are incredibly proud to work at DHS. When things get better actually is whenever we're able to make concrete changes that affect their lives positively.    Ms. Bailey. I'm not sure, sir.    Ms. Bailey. I believe that we will make incremental improvements beginning this year.    Mr. Connolly.--of missions. Ms. Bailey, I guess you get a plethora of missions?    Ms. Bailey. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bailey. Correct.    Ms. Bailey. Yes.    Ms. Bailey. Correct.    Ms. Bailey. Yes, we have 22 agencies.    Ms. Bailey. Well ----    Ms. Bailey. That is fair.    Ms. Bailey. Close to 240,000.    Ms. Bailey. Thank you.    Ms. Bailey. Sorry about that. I wasn't sure with the button.    I do understand with regard to that situation. We have had conversations with Customs and Border Protection, and they're working with them on ways to engage with the workforce with regard to the policies that they carry out and to ensure that everybody really kind of in some way sees engagement as a team sport and ----    Ms. Bailey. No ----    Ms. Bailey. Yes, sir, absolutely, because we are actually--we have quite a few things underway right now.