    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank our panel for being here today.    And, General, having been to South Korea, I think I was there in 2005 or 2006, not--I was not in this job, but I visiting my son who was stationed there, that is a special area. And you certainly are at great risk there, all of our service men and women and civilians that are there are certainly at great risk, particularly close in Seoul and on up. So I certainly do appreciate that.    I had the opportunity here just recently to go out. I did not get back out that far, nor did I get to Guam, but I got out to Hawaii and San Diego in regards to visiting our naval forces and some of our Marines that are stationed out there. And I was impressed with, I guess, the leadership.    And, Admiral, I met with you in Hawaii. I was impressed, though, not only with your leadership, but the leadership of those that are in your command, from a destroyer skipper, to an LCS-4 skipper, and others, in regards to how they take their mission and how they accomplish it, and also at the BUD/S training facility in Coronado with our SEALs . We have, and we talk about this all the time about equipment, but it is the personnel that man that equipment that makes the difference, I think.    But what I am concerned about as we move forward, and you have talked about it, that we have had to accept more risks and we are concerned about having adequate resources. Could you explain to us, and maybe we can do a better job of explaining this to the American people, first of all, why is the Asia-Pacific area so important to us? And (b), what are the additional risks that we are accepting because of the lack of providing the proper resources?    Mr. Nugent. One of the things that we really haven't touched on is Russia is playing in that area also. And I know we have talked about China and we talk about all those things. But is Russia not playing in that area or starting to exert more?    Mr. Nugent. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the indulgence, but, and the Chairman mentioned this about the INF Treaty. I think that is an important issue for us as we move forward, particularly as it results to Russia now playing again in a Cold War atmosphere in the Pacific.    Thank you. I yield back.