    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    What is concerning here, Secretary King, if you see how this began, it was uncovered not from the top down but apparently there were anonymous complaints. That suggests something that is very troubling. If you are an employee--and who knows where these anonymous complaints--perhaps they were peers--but there is a good chance, given that we are talking about an SES member here, that it was subordinates and that there may have been resentments. So, you see, that reflects on the Department itself, and it is very concerning to me since obviously you look to whoever is in charge to provide the example so they can reprimand those who do not live up to what is expected.    Now, I have to tell you, I am unimpressed that the U.S. attorney did not proceed. I know how U.S. attorneys work. They have to have a slam dunk. It has to be worth it to them. It has to be a big enough case because they have so many complaints or possible cases, so it absolutely means nothing.    I don't even know what the standard is. I don't know if the standard was intent, which may have made it difficult, was know or should have known. So, you know, I discard that. But I do note that Ms. Bruce said that--and I am looking here at your testimony on page 5--``so that it could take appropriate administrative action.'' So I want to move to the Secretary.    Would you outline the kinds of administrative action that was possible to be taken? We know that what happened was counseling. What kinds of administrative action could have been taken against this employee to indicate that there had been issues with what he had been doing?    Ms. Norton. So I am asking for the administrative actions that could have been taken in light of the findings that have been made. So you don't have to reiterate the findings because I am going to ask you about no violations next.    Ms. Norton. I am simply trying to find out, as someone who is literally ignorant, when I hear that what happened was counseling, okay, but what were the possible administrative actions that could have been taken?    Ms. Norton. Okay. What were ----    Ms. Norton. So what else could be ----    Mr. King.--this first was raised. This could have been factored into the employee's ratings at the time. Those were decisions that were made by Deputy Secretary Miller at the time that these issues ----    Ms. Norton. Pardon me ----    Ms. Norton. You don't have access to what the ratings were?    Ms. Norton. Mr. Harris, were your ratings affected?    Ms. Norton. Your ratings throughout ----    Ms. Norton. And that is even though these questions had arisen? You were given outstanding ratings even though these questions were known to those who were the raters?    Ms. Norton. So has your ratings suffered at all as a result of what has now been found to be the facts?    Ms. Norton. So you continued to be rated outstanding?    Ms. Norton. Mr. King ----    Ms. Norton. So what is the answer? In other words, if an employee wants to know, look, I want to know, I don't want to be caught in this thing, too, I want to know if I do this, would it be considered a business by the Department of Education or would it be considered a hobby? Is there concrete guidance on that matter, given what has happened here with an SES employee?