    Mrs. Lowey. I am delighted to be here, and I thank you very up much. And I thank the ranking member. It is a pleasure to be with you both today. And I am delighted to join you in welcoming the witnesses.    And thank you so much in advance for your testimony.    I particularly want to join my colleagues in commending Chief Dine on your years of hard work and service. You have been instrumental in ensuring the safety of this campus. And as I mentioned before, it is a real, real challenge. And we are very, very grateful. You will be missed.    And, Chief Verderosa, I want to congratulate you on your appointment as Chief of Police, and we look forward to working together.    Each year, my colleagues, between 3 and 5 million people from around the world visit the U.S. Capitol and surrounding buildings. The Capitol Police are tasked with protecting these sacred halls and the visitors, school groups, advocates, Members, and staff who come to the Capitol each day. This subcommittee has recognized the changing nature of global threats, has provided resources for the Capitol Police to prevent and respond to a worst-case scenario event.    For all those who visit the Capitol, it is imperative that funding from the Legislative Branch Subcommittee be used wisely to reduce our risk or respond capably during and after any incident. Addressing these needs, including enhanced security, the cost of necessary repairs to aging buildings and infrastructure, preservation of the Library of Congress, among others, is imperative for Members of Congress to meet the expectations of their constituents.    During these years of austerity, perhaps some of these agencies and initiatives could have been better addressed had the majority not spent over $6 million on a partisan political Benghazi investigation, 2.3 million defending the Defense of Marriage Act, and now hundreds of thousands more for legal action against the administration on the Affordable Care and Guantanamo Bay.    Since the elections will be over for the majority of fiscal year 2017, I hope we can set aside some of those excessively partisan endeavors to adequately invest in the legitimate security priorities before this committee.    So in closing, I want to thank you again, Chief Dine, for all your hard work, and I look forward to working with you.    And, Chief Verderosa, good luck to you. We know the enormous task ahead, and we look forward to working together.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.