    Ms. Raskopf. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is Karen Raskopf, and I serve as the Chief Communications Officer for Dunkin' Brands. Dunkin' Brands is the franchisor and parent company of two of America's most beloved brands, Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins. Both Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins are essentially 100 percent franchised. At the end of 2014, Dunkin' Brands included more than 10,500 Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins in the United States alone.    And, by the way, Baskin-Robbins franchisees own an average of about one restaurant. Dunkin' Donuts own an average of about six. So they are small business people.    Dunkin' Brands has proudly supported national uniform menu labeling for many years, and we continue to believe a national standard for providing nutrition information on all restaurant-type foods is critical. Over the past several years, Dunkin' Brands and many others in the restaurant industry have worked proactively with Congress and the administration to help reform what had previously been a complex highly localized approach to menu labeling.    Before the Federal solution, labeling laws were being passed on a state-by-state, city-by-city basis, and in some cases counties were competing with cities to pass such laws. Competing State and local menu labeling laws were difficult and disruptive for businesses, as well as lacking in consistency for customers. A national approach to labeling was an important and necessary step for our franchisees, our industry, and, most importantly, for consumers. It has been long overdue and remains critically important.    We acknowledge that today's food service industry is large and complex. However, though we continue to have some specific questions in regards to how to efficiently and effectively implement certain sections of the regulation, we appreciate FDA's commitment to working with stakeholders. We believe FDA generally followed the intent of the law, and did so in a manner to largely minimize cost and burden to the food service industry. While some may argue that there is expense and inefficiency in regards to implementation, after having complied with both individual State laws, as well as completing much of the work to meet the year end deadline, I can assure you FDA has worked to address most of the significant and potential costly issues to us.    Likewise, the new labeling regulation is intended to benefit both businesses and consumers by focusing on all establishments that serve restaurant-type food, not just a select few. For this reason, the regulation specifically includes not only restaurant chains but also other food service retailers with 20 or more locations, including convenience stores, grocery stores, and others.    H.R. 2017 includes a provision that imposes a percentage revenue threshold exempting grocery and convenience stores from having to label their restaurant-type food. We strongly disagree with this. The benefits of nutrition labeling are important no matter the size of the menu or the percentage of sales from food.    I hope Congress will maintain the labeling regulation as it was written. Grocery and convenience stores are increasingly competing against our restaurants. While we welcome the competition, we believe that restaurant-type food that grocery and convenience stores sell should be held to the same standards as the food that traditional restaurants sell. This is about the type of food being sold, not the business format.    A final point I would like to make is there have been many concerns expressed in regards to the expense associated with determining nutritional information and the cost to communicate that information. To be clear, the regulation states that food service operators need only use reasonable means to calculate nutrition information. Lab testing is not required. There are multiple ways to determine nutritional values, many of them at minimal cost.    And, very importantly, the regulation does not require menu boards. The regulation--how companies choose to communicate nutrition information is a business decision, not a legislative one, and from high tech to low tech, there are many communications options available to retailers.    For these reasons, we do not support the language in H.R. 2017 that clarifies this point. And to be clear, we do not believe any additional legislation is necessary. All clarifying information can be handled through FDA guidance.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Ms. Raskopf. We are willing to agree to a delay.    Ms. Raskopf. Yes, sir. And we have spent the last year looking at this to ensure that we were able to comply with this by the end of this year. We too have a very complex business. I mean, if you look at all the different ways you can order coffee, 15,000 different ways; sandwiches, 3,000 different ways; and the cherry on the top, ice cream sundaes, 80,000 different ways. So we understand that this is a complex business, but we have been able to figure out a way to do this with our menus.    The cost of this for us is going to be Baskin-Robbins shops. It is about $400 per restaurant. For Dunkin' Donuts, about a third of our Dunkin' Donuts restaurants in the United States have digital menu boards, and the cost for them will be to label the drive-thrus, and that is about $600 to $700 a restaurant. If they don't have a digital menu board, it is about $1,200.    Again, I just want to say that it does not require menu boards. So there is a multitude of inexpensive ways that people can label for their nutritional value whatever type of business format they have.    Ms. Raskopf. Yes, I think we are all very similar. I spent 15 years working at 7-Eleven. My CEO was, previous to coming to Dunkin' Brands, was the CEO for Papa John's. So I think we have a good understanding of the challenges that all of us in the food industry face.    We as Dunkin' Brands have a very complex business. Like I said, we have thousands of different combinations that we can offer to consumers, sandwiches, coffee, ice cream when you factor in Baskin-Robbins. We are located in 1,600 convenient stores. We have free-standing restaurants. We offer manager specials. We have tests. We have limited-time offers. It is very complex. I empathize with everybody here. But we have spent the last year figuring out how to label our products, to make nutritional information available to our consumers. And I feel all of us can do the same thing.    And may I add, I am sorry that the honorable Congressman from Illinois left, but to say that people are not interested is a mistake. Every month, 400,000 individuals visit blockbuster.com and baskin.com pages to get nutritional information every month. Millennials, in particular, care about this information.    Ms. Raskopf. We have been working on it hard and fast for the past year. But, certainly, we have had some more insights into this than perhaps some others at the table who don't have operations in some of the localities that have nutritional labeling----    Ms. Raskopf. I remember sitting around a table just like here today saying we can't do this, we can't do it. And we did it. So we were able to----    Ms. Raskopf. New York City, we were able to get that into place, I believe that was 2008 we were able to get that into place. We had a deadline we had to meet and we met it.    Ms. Raskopf. We have been assuming that they were very similar to FDA. And as we have talked to them, that has been our feeling about it, that it is similar.    Ms. Raskopf. I think there is a lot of common ground here with all of us. And I think we could focus on that. First of all, I think that we agree that an additional year is fine. We at Dunkin' Brands are ready to go now. But we are willing to say that if others need more time, that is fine. I think the other thing we look at is we all want to get that final guidance from the FDA. We want to make it clear that promotional and advertising materials are not covered by this as the law intended. We want to know that when we reformulate a product, how long do we have to give that information to the public.    So I think that we can all agree that there is a good deal of common ground here. And we just need to get that final guidance from the FDA. But I don't think that it is additional legislation that is needed, it is the final guidance from the     Ms. Raskopf. If it is something that coming out from our central menu, something that most of the restaurants are going to carry, that is something that we at the corporate office do. There are things like manager specials. And those would be exempt is our understanding.    Ms. Raskopf. Well, the reasonable basis standard under the FDA protects all of us in the food service industry. They understand that when you are making hand-prepared food, there will be errors. My understanding with the FDA is really this is all about, any penalties are there to try to go after anybody who would deliberately mislead the public. It's not there to catch people----    Ms. Raskopf. No. That is not our understanding. That is incorrect.    Ms. Raskopf. Our understanding is that the FDA, that there would be, we are still waiting for more guidance on that. But what we understand is that that information would be given to us and would give us time to correct that.