    Mr. Espie. Thank you, Chairmen Hunter and McSally, and Ranking Member Garamendi, for convening this hearing today. I am testifying today through your invitation, and on behalf of the American Association of Port Authorities, where I am a member of the Security Committee. This is a vital topic, which could ultimately impact the safety and security of the United States if not addressed in a cohesive and expedited manner.    In my role as director of security for the Port of Baltimore, the prevention of maritime nuclear smuggling into the United States is a top priority, and it requires a multifaceted approach. It requires the input of diplomatic resources, technical assets, human capital, and appropriate funding to facilitate subsequent preventative methodologies. All this requires a strong partnership with the Federal Government.    As a retired FBI agent and former special agent with the National Security Agency, I also view our security from a national and international perspective that must empower ports to be more engaged in our national security apparatus. In my experience, it is vital that our Government have sound diplomatic relationships with countries that will cooperate with the United States in not only applying necessary security measures to secure their own nuclear materials, but will also assist in countering a neighboring country or one in the certain region that may possess such material and may have negative intentions against our country and others.    Global diplomacy and policies impact local port security enforcement. Positive measures currently in play are the State Department's Counter Nuclear Smuggling Unit, the Department of Energy's partnership with nearly 50 countries providing radiation detection and nuclear forensics equipment, and the recent Nuclear Security Summit held here in Washington.    I cannot emphasize enough the importance of technical aspects of our intelligence and Federal law enforcement agencies that must be continually deployed and refined.    Existing capabilities and resources must be deployed and fully capable in order to maximize our country's opportunity to readily identify and neutralize potential threats. Development and tasking of domestic and international sources must remain a priority for intelligence agencies and services and our local State and Federal law enforcement agencies. In some cases I believe it would be beneficial for our port security directors in the United States to receive FBI briefings.    The threat of maritime terrorist smuggling appears to be increasing, possibly in correlation with the flight of Syrian refugees to and from Europe. Recently, a stowaway on a roll-on, roll-off vessel destined for the Port of Baltimore was located by a ship's crew and taken into custody by CBP and HSI . The stowaway admitted that he boarded the vessel while it was docked at a German port. Approximately 1 week prior to this event, a shipping lines manager in Baltimore advised me that his lines had experienced several stowaway attempts by Syrian nationals in Germany, as well.    Directors of port security in the United States are not routinely granted a security clearance with the Federal Government, and hence are not provided classified briefings regarding threats to their ports. In addition, port security directors are unaware of any type of unique intelligence centers wherein maritime nuclear smuggling intelligence is specifically received and analyzed in an effort to connect the dots, if you will, and prevent such an incident.    The suspects of maritime nuclear smuggling efforts are numerous. The actions and aggressiveness of ISIL, for example, are challenging all aspects of our port security procedures. The threat from ISIL emerges on several fronts. First, the size of ISIL's force is substantial. Secondly, ISIL is not a congruent entity. Its leadership remains in a fractured state and, subsequently, subfractions form that are very difficult to identify or even trace. Third, ISIL's use of the Internet and related systems to recruit both actual soldiers or lone wolves has proven to be extremely successful.    As a former police officer, now as a port security director, resources that can be utilized at the local level are vitally important. FEMA's Port Security Grant Program has been instrumental in coordinating port-specific security needs with national and global threats.    The AAPA encourages Congress to continue to fund the Port Security Grant Program, but also insist that grant funding be directed to ports and not diluted to other law enforcement entities that are not associated specifically with ports.    Cybersecurity is also a prime example of emergency security concerns since 9/11. Ports are working with stakeholders in addressing this very complex issue. For example, in a recent survey conducted by the AAPA, it was found that 52 percent of our ports have conducted a cybersecurity assessment within the last 3 years and 67 of our ports' Area Maritime Security Committees have formed a cybersecurity working group.    Cargo containers have been identified as the most plausible mechanism for smuggling nuclear material into the United States. Over 11 million containers are shipped to our Nation's 300 sea and river ports on an annual basis. With the recent completion of the Panama Canal expansion, the number of containers from foreign ports will dramatically rise.    Congress previously mandated that all incoming containers to the United States be screened overseas. To date, this law has not procedurally been incorporated wherein exemptions have been employed by the Department of Homeland Security. Recently, an extension of the law's implementation was again approved by DHS with the support of the AAPA and by also 100 supply chain industry stakeholders. It has been estimated that it would cost approximately $20 billion to deploy scanning procedures and technology at the 700 foreign ports which ship cargo to the United States.    And I mentioned containers. This does not cover what we call roll-on, roll-off cargo--RoRo cargo--vehicles. In the Port of Baltimore we receive over a half million vehicles a year. They are not scanned as they come to the United States.    In sense of time, I would just like to go to the conclusion to whereas--again, our--in summary, our Nation's strategy to prevent maritime nuclear smuggling must utilize a holistic approach. This strategy should continue to incorporate diplomatic engagement; utilize the intelligence community, human and technical assets; continue the examination of port security protocols to include those which are federally mandated and those imposed by port operators themselves; increase funding of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's Port Security Grant Program to ensure ports are and remain in Federal compliance; and the investment of appropriate funding levels for Federal agencies, particular CBP, in order for current and future legislative mandates to be properly implemented.    Again, I thank you for this opportunity, and I am glad to answer any questions directly and explicitly.    Mr. Espie. Thank you, yes. I am fortunate, though. I will note that I do have a secret clearance, and the only reason I do is because I pushed for it through our Baltimore FBI office and through my previous holdings of certain clearances. So I am one of the fortunate ones, probably one of the maybe three or four in the country that have a clearance, in terms of port security directors. So I would look for a model following 9/11 when you saw local police departments at the captain level or so gaining clearances through becoming members of the executive JTTF structure within the FBI offices. I would certainly support that.    But overall, even though I have that clearance, I receive nothing. I do not--I am not invited to classified briefings, I do not receive classified information via DHS, Coast Guard. The Bureau, they have just recently offered me to come to classified executive-type briefings. They are held once a month, so I am going to take advantage of that.    I am confident that if there was information I needed to know, that I would be provided that from our Maryland fusion center. However, I have been here 5 years and have received zero.    Mr. Espie. Yes, sir. Two issues. CBP, first of all, at the Port of Baltimore, particularly after the budget concerns a few years ago to whereas it appeared that DHS was negating some of their requests, we have a sense of feel at the Port of Baltimore that CBP is very strapped. In their inspections of cargo within the sheds at our marine terminal, number one, the--we see personnel working the RPMs during the day, it is a long day. I think they are very bored. I don't think they have enough changeover during the day.    So basically, when these containers leave our ports through going through the RPMs, you are going to have a GS-11 or GS-12, in terms of their morale, motivation, to safeguard a potential nuclear weapon leaving our port and going out to Chicago or the Midwest or--as far as the way we ship.    And also we have had issues at our cruise terminal. We have over 115 cruises through Carnival and Royal Caribbean, through our cruise terminal there. And when there is a shortage, seemingly, when we have--we mandate more power, they advise that they do not have the overtime to pay their officers. So that is a concern. So that is where you see that CBP is going to start potentially charging port operators for extra services, to include the RPMs. We have been advised that if the RPMs are replaced, that it will be the port operator paying for those and not CBP. So right now we are going through the maintenance phase. So those are concerns.    Secondly, the Federal Port Security Grant Program, we live and die by that. That is our physical security. We would have no physical security at the Port of Baltimore, or at least not in the realm that we have now, which we feel we have one of the most innovative physical security programs in the country. We would be in desperate needs. The State budgeting for that right now, we do--when we receive a match or a grant, it is 25 percent. So the State's ability to cover the physical security necessary is very difficult and short. So we would hope that that program would stay intact.    And also we see----    Mr. Espie. Yes, sir.    Mr. Espie. Yes, sir.    Mr. Espie. Yes, ma'am. Thank you.    Mr. Espie. Regarding funding--yes, ma'am. Regarding funding, of course, at the port we have certain mandates we must follow, the Maritime Transportation Security Act, and then we have Federal mandates that come under the CBP jurisdiction, specifically screening for nuclear smuggling, for example.    Do we have the resources, Port of Baltimore? No. You heard the percentages of the screening that takes place overseas, or once it comes to the port. I am there every day. I watch this. I see a container ship have 8,000 TEUs on it. How many do they screen a day? Twenty-five, thirty, maybe. You line up in a row, they go through the VACIS machine, the x-ray machine, and they--while the other ones are put into storage and units and they are shipped out the next couple days. So the only security device you have left is the RPM machine, which in some cases is 10 years old, the quality is a question, and so forth.    The manpower is certainly a question for CBP because, again, you watch the VACIS, the screening operation going on. You have usually two or three CBP personnel there, the rest are at the screening sheds. And then you will have one or two or three at the RPM exits out of the terminal. So it is a great problem for us and CBP, for the State of Maryland, and really, the citizens of the United States.    Mr. Espie. Yes, ma'am. I am a member of the AAPA Security Committee. It is consistent throughout the United States.