    Mr. Solomon. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Forbes----    Mr. Solomon. First, I apologize. Okay, I thank you, Chairman Forbes and Ranking Member Courtney, and all the members of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee for granting me the honor of testifying today.    I am going to keep my remarks about 3\1/2\ minutes because I am very excited to go forward into the open question-and-answer.    So a bit of background. I am a former U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Officer and I served as Anti-Submarine Warfare Officer and a fire control officer of destroyers during my two division officer tours before leaving active duty.    My civilian job for the past 11 years at Systems Planning and Analysis, Incorporated, has been to provide programmatic and systems engineering support to various surface combat systems acquisition programs within the portfolio of the Navy's Program Executive Officer Integrated Warfare Systems.    This work has provided me an opportunity to participate, however peripherally, in the development of some of the surface Navy's future combat systems technologies. It has also enriched my understanding of the technical principles and considerations that affect cost and performance. This is no small thing considering I am not an engineer by education.    Before I continue, I want to make clear that the views I express today are presented solely in my personal capacity. They do not reflect the official positions of Systems Planning and Analysis, Incorporated, and to my knowledge do not reflect the positions or policies of the U.S. Department of Defense, any U.S. armed service, or any other U.S. Government agency.    In recent years, and with the generous support and encouragement of Mr. Bryan McGrath, I have taken up the hobby of writing articles that connect my academic background in maritime strategy, naval history and naval technology, and deterrence theory, with my professional experiences.    One of my favorite topics concerns the challenges and opportunities surrounding the potential use of electronic warfare in modern maritime operations, a subject that I first encountered while in active duty and later explored in great detail during my master's thesis investigation, how advanced wide-area oceanic surveillance-reconnaissance-targeting systems of systems were countered in the Cold War and might be countered again in the future.    Electronic warfare receives remarkably little attention in the ongoing debates over future operating concepts and the like. Granted, classification serves as a barrier with respect to specific capabilities and systems.    But electronic warfare's basic technical principles and effects are and have always been unclassified. I believe that much of the present unfamiliarity concerning electronic warfare stems from the fact it has been almost a quarter century since U.S. naval forces last had to be prepared to operate under conditions in which victory, not to mention survival, in battle hinged upon achieving temporary localized mastery of the electromagnetic spectrum over the adversary.    America's chief strategic competitors intimately understand the importance of electronic warfare to fighting at sea. Soviet Cold War-era tactics for anti-ship attacks have been leveraged with what they termed ``radio-electronic combat'' and there is plenty of open-source evidence available to suggest this remains true in today's Russian military as well.    The Chinese are no different with respect to how they conceive of fighting under ``informatized conditions.''    In a conflict against either of these two great powers, U.S. maritime forces' sensors and communications pathways would surely be subjected to intense disruption, denial, and deception via jamming tactics.    Likewise, ill-disciplined electromagnetic transmissions by U.S. maritime forces in the combat zone might very well prove suicidal in that they could provide an adversary a bull's-eye for aiming its long-range weapons.    To their credit, the Navy's senior-most leadership have gone to great lengths to stress the importance of electronic warfare in recent years, most notably in the new Maritime Strategy.    They have even launched a new concept they call electromagnetic maneuver warfare, which appears geared toward exactly the types of capabilities I outline in my prepared statement.    It is therefore quite likely that major elements of the U.S. Navy's future war, surface warfare vision, Distributed Lethality, will take electronic warfare considerations into account.    I would suggest that Distributed Lethality's developers do so in three areas in particular: command and control doctrine, force-wide communications methods, and over-the-horizon targeting and counter-targeting measures.    I want to be clear that the tools and tactics I advocate for in my prepared statement will not serve as silver bullets that shield our forces from painful losses, and there will always be some degree of risk and uncertainty involved in the use of these measures. It will be up to our force commanders to decide when conditions seem right for their use in support of particular thrusts.    Such measures should be viewed as force multipliers that grant us much better odds of perforating an adversary's oceanic surveillance and reconnaissance systems of systems temporarily and locally, if used smartly, and thus better odds of operational and strategic successes.    And with that, I look forward to your questions and discussion that will follow. Thank you.    Mr. Solomon. So I think it is twofold, it is both technological and psychological.    From the technological standpoint, and this is my personal opinion again, the Navy has not invested in electronic warfare to the extent that it did during the Cold War over the last 30 years or so.    There is certainly fantastic capabilities out there and certainly new fantastic capabilities in the development path. But you get the sense that the Navy is a little bit behind in terms of pacing types of threats that we are seeing right now from other great powers.    So there is certainly a technological aspect to it, and procuring new systems will give us the new capability. But I personally see that the psychological is actually perhaps the more disconcerting one. And that is, again, in 30 years we haven't conditioned our forces for operations under opposed electromagnetic conditions.    You know, back in the Cold War we routinely operated our carrier battle groups at emissions control conditions, EMCON. They would be dark for days on end driving around the Atlantic, driving the Soviets nuts in terms of trying to find them.    During my research, I found that in 1981, this has, again, not been confirmed by the Navy, but it is enough anecdotal evidence to show that something like this probably happened, we drove a combined U.S. naval battle force up into the Norwegian Sea right out of Norfolk and the Soviets didn't find it until we started running offensive drills right off of the Northern Cape.    And the amount of discipline required to do that is just kind of staggering. It is disciplining when we talk on the radio, when we radiate, who radiates, flying an E-2 off the carrier using an emissions control profile so it gets outbound, pops up to make it difficult for the opponent to figure out where it is actually flying from.    These are all tactics that you don't get proficient overnight, it takes a long time.    And on the other side of the coin, it takes a long time to build up the psychological hardening for when the adversary starts jamming your communications, jamming your radars.    You know, we used to have drills where we would jam ourselves harder than, you know, the Russians might have, you know, so I have been told. And certainly they used various tricks when they came out to visit us back in those days I have been told as well.    And I am not sure we have done that type of training in the last couple of decades. Certainly when I was on active duty we didn't do that.    So if you look at what we would have to be able to do, both in terms of hardening ourselves against the adversary's electronic warfare and being able to do the kinds of things we did to the Soviets, to great powers today, I am not sure we are there.    I think it requires a great deal of training, a great deal of experimentation, and a great deal of just basic conditioning from the highest levels of the Navy on down where we let captains and deckplate sailors and officers know that it is okay to take some risk, it is okay to take the tactical mission out.    You are not going to have some senior officer back on the carrier even further away micromanaging your decisions over a comms net because we know that net wouldn't be survivable in the event of war.    And so we are willing to take some of those tactical risks to do that. And I think that that is a big missing piece of that.    Mr. Solomon. So I agree with you wholeheartedly. One of the chief problems with the Soviet approach, which was to try and build a remote picture using electronic signals, direction finding, remote radar, they had their radar ocean reconnaissance satellites during the 1970s and 1980s, was, you know, they wanted to be able to build their picture remotely and shoot from a distance, because they knew if they got close they would get whacked.    Mr. Solomon. But they couldn't do it because the technology wasn't there and their command and control architecture wasn't there. And so they had to rely on Pathfinders. These suicidal bombers were tattletale surface combatants that they pushed in and really would only work in peacetime once, where it is marking the carrier, marking whatever important surface force that they see important in the given area and passing the coordinates and the contact identification back to a centralized controller, who then uses that to generate the ray targeting.    Well, like I said, it only works once. And if you are reliant on long-range exploitation of someone's emissions, maybe they won't oblige you.    Mr. Solomon. If you are reliant on a radar picture, well, radars can be deceived. You know, jamming a radar is one option. You can, you know, throw out a lot of noise, but there are ways of overcoming that. Deception is a lot harder.    One of the great tricks we used in the Cold War was putting an integrated cover-and-deception system package onboard destroyers. It is called, I believe, the AN/SSQ-74. It is not really talked about much, but existed.    And this trailer was able to emulate the, later versions, acoustics, but even the electronic emissions.    Mr. Solomon. Well, the focus hasn't changed. We are still dealing with electronic emissions exploitation, direction finding. Perhaps they have become more accurate in their ability to refine areas of uncertainty, where a given emitter might be.    Certainly during the Cold War, the Russians only had a couple of satellites up at a time. Now it looks like various competitors might have satellite constellations capabilities, these types of triangulations up more regularly.    We are still looking at space-based radar, the use of synthetic aperture radar to build a picture. But it only visits a certain area of ocean space for a given period during the day. And so that really hasn't changed, it depends upon how many satellites you have up there.    The ability to use unmanned vehicles, whether surface, subsurface, aerial, that is kind of different. You know, there might have been a little bit more hesitance perhaps to use a manned bomber in that role, although the Soviets didn't seem to have that hesitance.    Now that you can perhaps use an unmanned system in that role, that is a major concern. But it also flips it around, from our perspective, and getting back to the gentleman's point, you know, if I can't be absolutely sure of what I am targeting using remote means, using an unmanned system to do a relatively close range, whether visual, infrared, electrical optical, whatever identification, make sure I am looking at a real contact as opposed to a decoy or someone pretending to be something that they are not. That is a bit of a difference.    And the technology in that realm is certainly more advanced than it was during the Cold War. I am not sure who is ahead in that regard. I certainly think that is an area of important investment for us. I don't have a sense of where potential adversaries are on that.    Mr. Solomon. Okay. Well, I personally think the Navy is very serious about those technologies. You know, the Navy leadership is very, very excited, from what I have seen in the open press, about railgun in particular and there are plans to demo it onboard, I think, the JHSV Millinocket next year.    And there are certainly, you know, people looking at how to get that into the fleet sometime in the late 2020s. I think it is to be determined what type of combatant you put that on, you know, whether you might use a DDG-1000, in my personal opinion, or whether we look to a new combatant sometime in the late 2020s that, if this technology proved out, that you could put that on.    But for railgun, I think we alluded to this earlier, that the projectile itself is probably even more important, the ability for the projectile to survive these electromagnetic forces in the barrel and do all kinds of things we want it to do, whether it is land attack or missile defense, that is an open question.    As for laser, I think the Navy is also very much in support of that. You see the talking points on what we have done out in the Persian Gulf on AFSB . And I certainly think that the Navy is looking at, you know, solid-state laser technologies that might be used for point defense, because that is really what it seems like laser would be best capable of doing, especially, in my opinion, for unmanned aerial vehicle defense.    You don't want to be burning up hard ordnance shooting a bunch of UAVs out of the sky. So I think there is a lot of enthusiasm for that in Navy leadership.    Mr. Solomon. I think that it is important to view Distributed Lethality as a set of options; it is not purely offensive, or at least it shouldn't be.    And I don't believe, as Mr. McGrath said earlier, that it is going to be subtracting from defensive unless we, you know, make a mistake in how we define the concept.    I see Distributed Lethality as a tool for our force commanders, for our theater commanders, to give them more options at every stage of the conflict spectrum. And to the extent that electronic warfare supports that, you know, there are certainly less things you can do during phase zero, phase one, the shaping, the turns that you can do when you are actually in combat, but there are things you can do there.    I think there are a lot of rich historical examples of how we did psychological shaping of the Soviets during the late Cold War to help deter them from any belief that they would be successful in a first salvo. I think that is pretty crucial.    And so to the extent that the Navy can look at that rich history, which is still largely classified, and derive new ideas for how we might condition some of our great-power adversaries or potential adversaries, that today is not the day, using tools like these, I think that is very important to think about.