    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Roth, I want to ask about an email exchange that your investigators obtained between the two agents who had been drinking in the bar, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie.    First, let me walk through some facts. The incident happened on the night of March 4. Your report found that Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie should have reported this incident, but neither did so. Is that right?    Mr. Clay. Based on their failure to report, it seems like they were hoping this whole thing would just blow over.    Two days later, on March 6, Mr. Connolly had his chance to come clean. He had a meeting with his superior, the Special Agent in Charge, Robert Buster, but according to your report, he never mentioned anything involving this incident. Your report says this, and ``Connolly met with his supervisor, SAIC Buster, on March the 6th, and discussed the UD officers' handling of the confrontation with the suspect in the suspicious package incident. Connolly did not mention the incident involving him and Ogilvie.''    So at this meeting on March 6, Mr. Connolly basically decided that he would just keep his mouth shut and not tell his supervisor what happened. Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. And he also would have learned at that meeting that nobody else had reported the incident either.    And so here is what I want to ask you about. The very next day, on March 7, Mr. Ogilvie and Mr. Connolly had an email exchange. I'd like to put it up on the screen.    Okay. This is an email exchange.    Mr. Ogilvie at 8:24 said: ``All good.''    Mr. Connolly at 8:30: ``Muy bueno.''    And then at 8:50: ``You are''--from Mr. Ogilvie--``You are an angel.''    Mr. Roth, I don't know what was in their heads, but certainly one interpretation of this exchange is that Mr. Ogilvie was asking: Hey, are we going to get in trouble for this or are we all good? Then Mr. Connolly, who just met with his boss the day before and determined that nobody else had reported the incident, assured him that everything would be fine.    Mr. Roth, your investigators interviewed Mr. Ogilvie. According to their interview notes, Mr. Ogilvie admitted that the context of this email was to check in with Mr. Connolly about the March 4 incident. Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. In contrast, Mr. Connolly told your investigators that this email had nothing to do with the March 4 incident. He claimed that he had no idea what this email was about, no clue. He told your investigators, ``He did not know what the intent was behind it. It was open-ended. And he did not know if it was in reference to March 4 or the busy day that he was having.''    Mr. Roth, I have one last question for you. Do you buy that?    Mr. Clay. What usually happens when a witness like that is being so dishonest? Are there any followup to a person's dishonesty? I guess this was a deposition or just a questioning?    Mr. Clay. All right. Well, thank you so much for your responses. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.