    Mr. Wilson. Ladies and gentlemen, I call this hearing of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee to order. I am pleased to welcome everyone here today to discuss our special operations forces in an evolving threat environment and to review the fiscal year 2017 budget request for the U.S. Special Operations Command.    Our special operations forces remain essential and sometimes sole line of effort across the globe, offering lethal, flexible, and responsive options for geographic combatant commanders and the Commander in Chief.    We have seen special operations forces increasingly leveraged for asymmetric and unconventional warfare operations against nation-state threats such as Russia, China, and Iran. Looking forward we expect special operations forces to remain heavily deployed across the globe in constant, sadly if not increased, numbers throughout fiscal year 2017.    While the President's budget request includes a 2.3 percent increase to U.S. Special Operations Command, many challenges remain since the force is heavily dependent on overseas contingency operations funding.    Furthermore, we see dwindling support from the military services who themselves suffer broader cuts and drawdowns. As we conduct oversight and preparation for the National Defense Authorization Act , this subcommittee will spend considerable time ensuring that all resources are aligned and all policies appropriate.    This includes focusing on how our special operations forces are being used to counter adversarial propaganda and enabling our partner forces across the globe with new programs such as the European Reassurance Initiative and the Counter Terrorism Partnership Fund.    Lastly, but of considerable importance, is the 1208 counterterrorism program authority used by the special operations requiring reauthorization beyond 2017. This important operational authority has proven critical to our global efforts to counter Al Qaeda and Daesh.    I understand the Department will seek an extension of this important authority to 2020. So we look forward to discussing that today.    I would like to welcome our distinguished panel of witnesses and appreciate their service and perspectives on all of these issues. Today we welcome Ms. Theresa Whelan, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict , and General Joseph Votel, Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command.    I would like to welcome Ms. Whelan in her new role which carries many important responsibilities, but also take the opportunity to recognize the service of General Votel who was recently nominated as commander of U.S. Central Command.    General Votel's contributions have been critical in safeguarding our Nation and our allies. And we wish you the best of success as you further serve American families.    I would like to turn to my friend the ranking member, Mr. Jim Langevin of Rhode Island, for any comments he would like to make.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    I would like to remind our witnesses that your full written statements will be submitted for the record. So we ask you to summarize your comments in 5 minutes or less.    And then following your comments each person, each member of the panel, will have the opportunity, at a strictly enforced 5 minutes, by Mr. Pete Villano. And so that everyone has an opportunity to ask questions. Particularly I want Congressman Brooks to ask questions since he was here first.    So we will proceed, Ms. Whelan, to begin with you. We look forward to your opening statement.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, Ms. Whelan. We now proceed to General Votel.    General Votel. Good afternoon, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of the subcommittee.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you this afternoon along with my teammate, Ms. Whelan, to discuss the current posture of the United States Special Operations Command and this year's budget request.    While my priorities remain unchanged from testimony last year, I can assure you right up front that U.S. SOCOM is always learning, evolving, and adjusting to meet the current operational environment.    Our commitment to excellence and our dedication to serving the needs of our Nation have never been stronger. On any given day nearly 10,000 SOF men and women are deployed or forward stationed to roughly 80 different countries around the world.    They fill geographic combatant commander requirements that span the range of our congressionally delineated core activities from behind the scenes information gathering and partner building to high-end dynamic strike operations.    Every success that they have reinforces what we already know. Our people are our greatest asset. They are adaptive, bold, and innovative. Through persistent presence in harm's way they allow us to see opportunities early, and they routinely deliver strategic impacts with the smallest of footprints.    Perhaps no story makes this point more clearly than that of Senior Chief Petty Officer Ed Byers, a Navy SEAL who was awarded our Nation's highest military honor, the Congressional Medal of Honor, just yesterday.    Master Sergeant Josh Wheeler, an Army operator who put himself in the line of fire and gave his life to protect our partner raid force in Iraq as they rescued scores of Iraqi and Kurdish hostages, is yet another hero among our force.    Stories of these two American heroes are now publically known. But it is the stories of the thousands of other quiet professionals that will remain unknown that truly characterize what we provide for our Nation.    We recognize, however, these sacrifices do not come without a cost. So let me say right up front, and emphasize my strongest point this afternoon, I want to thank the committee for your devotion to the well-being and resiliency of our special operators and their family.    Their emotional, social, psychological, and physical health is in good hands thanks to all of you. And we are truly grateful for your continued support.    The environment in which these great Americans serve continues to evolve. We are in an era of rapidly shifting power, with competition and conflict between both state and non-state actors, actors who are increasingly ambiguous and transregional.    As a result this past year we focused on gaining a deeper understanding of today's gray-zone challenges. And we restructured operational rhythm to focus on the transregional nature of violent extremist organizations. Given this complex security environment, the demand for SOF skills is understandably high.    Yet it is clear that significant expansion of U.S. SOCOM's role carries significant risk. It remains true, SOF cannot, and should not, be mass produced. Nor can we build or rebuild the force overnight. The skills, maturity, and agility that we expect of our force requires significant time, effort, training, and investment to develop and sustain.    It is also true that we do not deploy or employ SOF without external support. U.S. SOCOM is fully dependent upon and integrated with our service partners. They provide our people much of the equipment that we operate and the critical enabling forces we depend upon on a daily basis around the globe.    Not only do we rely on SOF-specific enhancements to service-managed programs but our ability to operate stands squarely on service-provided capabilities. Infrastructure, transportation, communications, ISR , and close air support are but a few of the areas of dependence.    Alongside our colleagues in the services we are grateful for the budget stability forged out of last year's agreement. And we remain hopeful for similar stability beyond 2017.    In closing I would like to thank Congress and the committee for your outstanding support in funding, in authorities, and in encouragement. Your oversight of our efforts to man, train, equip, and employ SOF remains critical as we confront an increasingly complex security environment.    We look forward to continuing this great relationship. And I pledge to you that we will remain transparent and engaged. I remain honored and humbled to command the best special operations force in the world.    I am extremely proud of each and every one of our men and women and their families as they continue to serve this great nation. I look forward to your questions and our dialogue this afternoon.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, General.    We now will proceed to the 5-minute period for each member of the subcommittee. Beginning first for both of you, Ms. Whelan and General Votel, I am very concerned about state-sponsored non-state, anti-American, untrue propaganda. How can we improve our efforts to counter enemies' slanderous propaganda and recruiting efforts?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you.    General Votel. Mr. Chairman, if I could just add to Ms. Whelan's comments.    First of all, let me just pass my thanks to the committee and the subcommittee for your support and encouragement in the pushing us to look at and experiment with things that we can do to look at how we use publically available information and how we operate better in this sphere. So the authorities that you have passed to us are greatly appreciated and we are very, very thankful for that.    On top of Ms. Whelan's comments, which I all agree with, I would offer three things that I think we have to focus on. First, we have to be able to move as fast as or faster than our adversaries. Our messaging efforts have to be responsive, and they have to be ahead of the enemy.    Second of all, I think we have to be willing to experiment. We have to be willing to push the envelope where we can in accordance with authorities and in accordance with our laws, in accordance with the oversight that is provided for us, and continue to push in this area wherever we can.    Certainly, understanding social media and public available information is an area you are encouraging us to look in. And then third we have to remember that messaging and information operations can't be an afterthought.    It has to be something that is baked into everything we are doing. It has to be something we look at right from the beginning as we conduct all of our operations from tactical-level operations that are well supported by our MIS teams that are deployed globally all the way up to larger operations that we take in the information component and messaging component of it.    Mr. Wilson. Well. I particularly have never gotten over, I was in Islamabad a couple years ago and there was a column. It was a newspaper, very modern looking with Reuters articles, Associated Press.    Then I got inside and I saw an op ed. And the op ed was this hate filled diatribe of how the American effort in Afghanistan was specifically directed at mosque and schools and hospitals. And I thought this is lunacy.    And I looked to see who wrote it. It was written by Fidel Castro. So what an observation he had from Havana that he could see that far. But it needed to be counteracted. I mean it just was so ignorant and so insulting.    And so, as a former newspaper reporter I was particular struck by how stupid it was. But that was published in a respectable publication. I mentioned in my opening statement of 1208 counterterrorism authority which has been critical since 2005. Can you tell the committee how important this is and what the status of its maintenance?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, General. We now proceed to Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    And Congress is very fortunate to have a veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan in its service, Congressman Duncan Hunter of California.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you again, Congressman Hunter, for your dedicated service to our country.    We now proceed to Congressman Pete Aguilar, of California.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you, Congressman Aguilar.    We now proceed to Congressman Rich Nugent, from Florida.    Mr. Wilson. Well, Congressman Zinke was behind you, for sure.    General Votel. Well, I am aware of that, and I am thanking the Congressman.    But the impact is also on people, for example. As the services draw down and become smaller, that is a smaller pool from which we can draw from. As they impact, have impacts to their training areas, that is an impact on training areas that we utilize. As they impact their school slots, that is an impact on people that we send to school.    So there is extraordinary impact out there and dependence on the services. And so I look forward to trying to answer your question a little fulsomely here for the record. But there is no doubt that we are extraordinarily dependent----    Mr. Wilson. And thank you Congressman Nugent for your background as a former sheriff. All of this is so helpful.    And then we are grateful to have the former Lieutenant Governor of California of all things, Congressman John Garamendi.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman Garamendi.    And now we proceed to Congressman Doug Lamborn, of Colorado.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you, Congressman Lamborn.    And we now proceed to Congressman Brad Ashford, of Nebraska.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Ashford.    And we are very fortunate that we have the first Navy SEAL to serve in Congress, and additionally he is an Iraq veteran, Congressman Ryan Zinke, of Montana.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, Congressman Zinke. And now we will be concluding with a very dedicated member of Congress who has visited with our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, Congresswoman Elise Stefanik.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you very much, Congresswoman Stefanik. And Secretary Whelan, best wishes on your new duties. And, General Votel, best wishes to you. And, again, I thank both of you for what you have done for our country. We are now adjourned.