    Ms. Raezer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Davis, and other members of the subcommittee, for inviting me to speak today on behalf of the National Military Family Association and the families we serve about what is working and what is not working with military health care for families.    Our written statement submitted for the record contains a summary of what we hear most often from currently serving military families about their experiences, good and not so good, in accessing care and the quality of the care they receive.    We appreciate the provisions that you included in the recent NDAA as a step in addressing some of those issues about access and quality, but it has been more than 20 years since TRICARE was created. It is time for a holistic examination of TRICARE and the Military Health System, not tweaks around the edges.    But we remain committed to the concept that the reform discussion must start with how to build and deliver the best benefit possible for our military families--which I think I heard from you, Mr. Chairman--not on how much families should pay for that benefit.    Military health care must meet the unique needs of military families, such as frequent moves and deployments, as well as address the concerns of families in remote locations, individuals with complex health care needs, wounded service members, and our National Guard and Reserve members and their families. Service members must get the care they need to be medically ready.    Above all, coverage, access, quality, and cost should acknowledge the value of the service and sacrifice of troops and their families. As Admiral Ryan said, our military families deserve nothing less than the best possible health care coverage and care.    We do know that many of our families remain satisfied with TRICARE--the care they receive and the low cost of that care. Our concern for these families centers on what could happen to their care if financial pressures take a greater toll on military hospitals or the TRICARE benefit over time.    When we asked for families' input about their health care experiences, they routinely cite difficulty in obtaining timely appointments; bureaucratic hassles to obtain referrals; lack of continuity of care; difficulties in navigating the system, especially when moving from one military community to another; a lack of coverage for certain services; and poor customer service.    While most families rate ``poor access'' as their number one health care quality issue, some do tell us of experiences of less than satisfactory care--examples similar to what was found in the 2014 Military Health System Review conducted by the Department of Defense.    But we do know there are models of timely access and quality improvements in pockets of the direct care system. But there doesn't seem to be a single entity with the power to drive implementation of those improvements across the system and hold those in need of improvement accountable.    Based on what we hear from military families, here is what we would like you to look at as you begin your review of     Changes in and enforcement of access, quality, and customer service standards must apply across the entire Military Health System, direct care and what is purchased from the private sector. Before initiating additional recapture efforts to bring more beneficiaries into the military hospital, military hospitals should be required to certify they are meeting appointment access standards for current patients.    Reconsider the concept of a unified medical command to provide a single entity responsible for ensuring consistency and quality accountability across the system. Ask how private sector coverage options, patient engagement efforts, and quality standards can inform TRICARE reform.    Consider the demographics of military families today in updating the TRICARE benefit and in managing the balance between meeting the readiness mission and delivering an employer-provided health care benefit to families. A Medicare-based reimbursement system and a focus on troop and provider readiness for war don't easily translate into a model of coverage and care for a population of young families with kids. Here is a statistic for you: Of the 1.1 million children of Active Duty service members, almost 50 percent are age 6 or younger.    Questions about any proposed changes to TRICARE should also be asked about the current system. How does this structure promote military readiness? How does it ensure timely access and quality care at the best possible price for both beneficiaries and the government?    In an era of budget constraints when military families see any proposed change in their benefits as just another attempt to cut costs, it is important to rebuild their trust and to show them their service is valued. We hope this hearing is only the beginning of a thorough discussion of how to deliver the best care benefit to military families.    Thank you.    Ms. Raezer. You are absolutely right. There isn't a lot of awareness about the standards. And unfortunately, it is not just on the military family side; it's on--and this is mostly in the direct care system, where there aren't the same kind of accountabilities that are in the purchased-care contracts--there's not a whole lot of awareness on the--among the people who are charged with giving military families an appointment.    So if a military family member, even if they--who knows about an access standard calls for an appointment for a sick child and said, ``This is urgent care; the access standard is 24 hours,'' typically they are going to get the response, ``Sorry, there are no appointments.''    ``Well, can you send me out for urgent care?''    ``Sorry, we are not doing that right now,'' which is why we are so grateful for the pilot.    A military treatment facility's response to beating access standards shouldn't be to tell a military family with a sick child, ``Go to the emergency room and wait for 9 hours,'' and that's what is happening. So there is an awareness needed on the military hospital side across the culture and a commitment to meeting those access standards.    We don't hear a lot from DOD about access standards lately. We really did a lot when TRICARE was first created, and that was the promise of TRICARE Prime: ``You give up some control over your care and we will guarantee low cost and access.'' The low cost is still there but the access isn't.    Ms. Raezer. We have had numerous discussions with the Department on how do they measure access. If I call and ask for an appointment for a sick child and I am told, ``Call back tomorrow,'' or, ``Go to the emergency room,'' how does that get recorded in the system? How does that response, ``Call back tomorrow,'' get recorded in the system as meeting or not meeting access standards?    And what we were hearing from the Department is they weren't really sure. And that was one of the things that came out in the Military Health System Review is that there were a lot of questions about how the military was measuring access.    Ms. Raezer. I agree with Admiral Ryan. It is readiness first. The system has to ensure that service members are medically ready to deploy, that they--and that they have the best possible care when they are deployed.    We don't want to mess with the successes that we have seen in combatant care. But that's prime important--of prime importance to families, as well. They want to know that their service member is well taken care of when put in harm's way.    But the Department of Defense also has an obligation to provide a high-quality employer-sponsored benefit, and where we are seeing--so there really--it is a dual-purpose, and what we are seeing is the conflict between those two goals in the Military Health System.    Too much emphasis on readiness leaves families without appointments. And pressure on readiness dollars leaves families and sometimes service members without care.    So I think the challenge for you as you do this work is saying, ``How do we get rid of that conflict between those two missions of the Military Health System?''    Ms. Raezer. Yes. I will start with the access question. We haven't heard of families having the same length of wait as what some of the worst stories that came out of the VA are.    But that said, we are hearing from families who not only are being told they have to wait for care, where there is no mention of an access standard, but there is also what I term as ``silly rules''--processes and procedures at military hospitals and clinics that vary but that put barriers up between a patient and the provider in accessing care from that provider, rules about when you are transitioning on a military move from one installation to another, what do you--you know, the enrollment process from TRICARE contractor to TRICARE contractor is pretty seamless.    Where our families are having problems is getting that first appointment with a primary care manager in a military hospital. Or if you have come in with an existing health condition, we--one of the examples we referenced in our written statement was a spouse late term--late in her pregnancy who moved from one military community to another, and even though she was obviously pregnant, had her records with her showing she was high-risk, was told she had to take a pregnancy test before she could get an appointment with an OB .    She came at 28 weeks, didn't see the doctor until 36 weeks. That's just wrong.    And we hear that--we have heard that from other military families, that the process they have to go through when they move creates a barrier between them and care that doesn't show up readily on access standards.    Just a bit on the other--on your issue about interoperability between DOD and the VA, our families who are going through transitions say the process has to be seamless. Especially if you have a wounded service member it is--there are still too many unmanaged processes for that individual, too many different case managers, too many barriers.    You are fixing some with the drug formulary, for example, but there's still some other ways that that could be made better. So we agreed with the commission on that.    Ms. Raezer. Yes.    Ms. Raezer. Yes. I agree. I think I would make one point. I would love to talk to you more about the idea of investing more capacity in military centers where large populations are and doing that better coordination in other areas. I think military hospitals----    Ms. Raezer. Oh, sorry.    I think military hospitals should be staffed not just based on readiness needs but the--what the community capacity is or isn't. So if you are sending a lot of military families with their service member to a remote location then maybe the military does have to put in a few more family practice docs and pediatricians than they would other places.    But and so it is not just on, ``We'll let the private sector do what the military can't,'' but how does the private sector work with the military facility in that location to build that capacity in the community?    Ms. Raezer. I think my three ups would start with the combat care. This has been a success story.    I think the military families say they want to go to a military hospital because they believe the providers understand their life, so that cultural competency. And I think for military families--for currently serving military families, the cost of the care to--it's important for our very young military families to have that low, low predictable cost.    I think the three downs, it is access, inconsistency, and access. If you can't get an appointment, everything else is a problem.    Ms. Raezer. Well, I think it is important to remember that most of our Active Duty families are already in the MTF to varying degrees. Air Force has downsized a lot of facilities to clinics, so there is a lot more care out in the purchased side for Air Force families in many locations.    I think our Active Duty families look to the military for care. They believe this is something they have earned. As I said, these are providers who supposedly understand their life. But you have to convince them.    We have also heard from a lot of military families that they are making the switch to Standard because they want more control, they want more access, and so the military hospitals are going to have to convince them that they offer the care that they need. That includes things like after-hours care; that includes other options than waiting with a sick child in the emergency room; that includes getting rid of some of these silly rules.    So I think our military families can be convinced, but it is up to the military hospitals to show they understand what families need.    Ms. Raezer. They actually like the places that have more civilian providers because generally hours are better and there--it is easier to get an appointment.    Ms. Raezer. Well, I think it's--when one new hospital that I am not going to mention opened, military families who went there said, ``Beautiful new building; same old military customer service.''    Ms. Raezer. It becomes an access issue.    So the question for me is how late are Beaumont's primary care clinics, pediatric clinics open? Do they have after-hours? What's the provider workload? Do they--how are they augmenting military staff with civilian staff to help promote access?    But if she's seeing military families for primary care in a civilian ER, those families are probably there because they didn't feel they had any other options.    Ms. Raezer. I think for currently serving--and we are in the process of polling. We also sent families to MOAA's survey to fill that out, and we are in the process of polling a larger sample of military spouses.    What we hear from military spouses is access. If they can't get access then choice becomes important, and that's why we are hearing of families who are making the choice to assume more out-of-pocket costs for their health care so that they have more options under TRICARE Standard.    Ms. Raezer. I think there's some merit in it. I would have just a couple questions.    My first would be even if you concentrated a lot of that readiness care in a few locations, would our population still be big enough on its own to allow military medical providers to get the skills they need to remain combat-ready? And there is a lot of discussion about--and there is a model in San Antonio where the military facility is a level-one trauma center, helping, you know, supporting the community as well as the military. So I think that is one question that would have to be considered.    The other would be, as I said earlier, in designing where those smaller facilities, what's the interaction between the military system and the civilian provider network? Would there be enough civilian capability in the providers and the specialties that our families would need to meet the demand from the military folks?    So I think that would be my caution in designing that is making sure that capacities and access is still there in those smaller facilities. But and then the other is the bigger question. I mean, what will it take to keep our providers ready and trained?