    Mr. Brownfield. If I might offer just another minute on top of that, Madam Chairwoman.    You raise absolutely valid points and questions. Some of them we obviously cannot answer. As you have correctly suggested, once a migrant has reached the United States of America, that person is then brought into the U.S. legal process. And adjusting that does require either changes to procedures or changes to law, and it is a broader dialogue than the three of us can offer guidance to.    However, what we are talking about in this hearing would be investments that would prevent this sort of thing from happening in the future. That is what this strategy is designed to accomplish.    You have correctly noted--and I wish to emphasize this to everyone in this room--the Government of Mexico performed exceptionally well during this crisis that we had last year on our border. Some might say they went beyond what they had ever done in the past, in terms of cooperating in this effort. I wish to acknowledge that, and I wish to state it publically and for the record.    They have asked us----    Mr. Brownfield. No, you were not. And I just wanted to make sure--    Mr. Brownfield . They heard from me. Yes.    Mr. Brownfield. I really have very little to add, other than to say, among the lessons that we learned in Colombia and Plan Colombia, one, as already stated, there has to be some degree of security which produces the confidence which then produces the willingness of the business community to engage and support.    Second, it requires some courage on the part of a government, because what the government is doing is changing the way that society has functioned for years, decades, in some cases centuries. And it takes a particular sort of government or an experience of having spent enough time in chaos to be willing to make that sort of decision.    Third, it takes time. And I know you have heard this from me before, but I will say it again, and I will put it in a very personal context. In 2007, I arrived in Colombia as the United States Ambassador. Plan Colombia, at that point, was closing in on 8 years of operation. The narrative, at that point, was still: There are no results. We have not succeeded. What have we gotten for our investment in Plan Colombia?    Well, we saw that in the course of the next 1 or 2 years. It had nothing to do with me; it had to do with 7 or 8 years of investment. And while no one wants to hear that, I will continue to note that we are in this Central America process for the long haul, and we are in it because it is in our national interest to focus this effort and these resources there.    Mr. Brownfield. I would just add one additional point, Congressman.    I mean, you are right. Of course you are right. There is going to be no economic growth and social justice if there is not security, if you do not have--as President Uribe, who we have mentioned several times, frequently would say, until I can get state presence, until I can get police officers and prosecutors or even mayors to be living in the towns that are under threat either from narcotics traffickers, criminals, or, in the case of Colombia, from guerillas, we are not going to be able to produce the outcomes that we are looking for.    But as Alvaro Uribe would say, we start with security. We have to get to a certain level on security; then we have to feed in the social and economic developmental part. And he would acknowledge that you start heavy on security. At some point, you reach that tipping point, and then you are able to ratchet back how much is security and how much is economic and social development.    I am not saying we are anywhere near that point in Central America today, but I do say you are correct, the same formula will apply.    Mr. Brownfield. I will be even simpler than that, Congressman. There is almost nothing that I am going to do in the region, from the INL perspective, the law enforcement and security perspective, that I don't coordinate in some way with SOUTHCOM. We are two fingers on the same hand, if you will. And there is nothing I will do that General Kelly is not in some way, shape, or form aware of.    Mr. Brownfield. Let me start, and then I will pass it to Beth.    Congressman, I arrived at the U.S. Embassy in El Salvador in June-July 1981. One of the first cases that I took on--I was as junior an officer as you could be. I was a third secretary. There is nothing lower than a third secretary in an embassy--was the investigation of the churchwomen murders as well as the murders of the two AFL-CIO labor advisers.    I believe we actually got the people who did the act of murder against the four churchwomen. I do not believe we got everyone who was involved in the murders of the two labor leaders.    I mention this to you because by 1984-1985, when we finally brought these six members of the National Guard to justice in El Salvador, it shook up the system, it shook up the institutions, it shook up the nation, because, for the first time ever, people who had traditionally been part of the never-held-accountable club for what they did were being held accountable.    I give you that long preamble because, to a certain extent, and as the Ranking Member has pointed out, that is what we are trying to do with our security programs in Central America writ large today. That is to say, we are trying to get into communities and groups of people, whether they are businesspeople or whether they are the political elites or other elites, and get them to contribute to the solution, which is necessary if we are going to first break through the security problem, which, in turn, will allow Beth and USAID to have the impact that we are all looking forward to in terms of the economic and social side of the house.    Which allows me to conclude by saying what I think we have kind of been saying for the last 30 minutes: that it is security, and it is economic development. You can't have economic development without security, but, at the end of the day, you are also not going to get long-term security if you don't have economic development.    Dr. Hogan, over to you.    Mr. Brownfield. Congressman, why don't I take on that one, at least----    Mr. Brownfield . To start, and then let Beth pick up on that? Because these are the sorts of programs that we in INL have been supporting for the last 5 years, particularly in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador.    We have two that we attempt to link up at, kind of, the level of kids between about the ages of 12 and 18 with local law enforcement. One is called the GREAT Program, which is a gang-related program where we have trained local law enforcement who offer programs in the schools themselves of 3 to 6 weeks in duration. And the kids, often for the first time in their lives, are actually dealing police officers but on a human basis and not on the basis of looking at someone who is the force of authority, if you will.    The second one is the DARE program, the DARE program which, by the way, we have it in the United States, as well. That is a drug abuse reduction program. Same basic concept of using local law enforcement as well as healthcare professionals to bring, kind of, drug abuse reduction skill sets to the kids.    My own view is we have hit about 200,000 in Honduras alone, to give you a sense of scale of what we are talking about. And they have at least the impact of allowing kids to have engagement with law enforcement and police in something other than a confrontational sort of situation.    This is one of the things we would hope to be able to build on, as well as, as I was describing in my statement, our place-based approach whereby Beth and USAID and we and INL combine her community programs with our model police precinct programs and focus them specifically on individual communities. That is what we are aiming for.    Mr. Brownfield. In three words, yes, yes, and yes.    This is to say, one, we cannot and will not, to the extent that we are aware of it, work with individuals or organizations that have been penetrated, that are corrupt, and that we are aware of.    Second, we do work, for the most part, with vetted units, individuals pulled from the existing law enforcement structures that are reviewed in terms of their background and then polygraphed on a regular and systematic basis.    Mr. Brownfield. So, at the end of the day, the answer is yes.    Mr. Brownfield. It certainly complicates it, yes. You can imagine that there are some countries in the world, perhaps even some within this hemisphere, where it is more difficult to get cooperation from them on counternarcotics and law enforcement.    Mr. Brownfield. My suggestions would be, first, international agreement or cooperation through U.N. or other organizations; second, trying to address the issue bilaterally, which is to say going at the government of those individual countries that offer the safe haven and attempting to reach some sort of agreement or accommodation; third would be using the stick as well as the carrot, and that is applying something in the way of sanctions, whether individual or collective, against those governments, those nations, or those individuals that provide the safe haven.    Mr. Brownfield. Sure thing, Madam Chairwoman.    I am pleased to report that there is an academic institution located in north Texas which, in fact, has some degree of skill and expertise on this issue. We have consulted with them several times in terms of understanding what is the nature of the science that is available for this purpose. We are now engaged in conversations to try to structure what a program would look like.    It is complicated, Madam Chairwoman, because we from INL and the State Department can work the external, the foreign side of this, which is to say that side that is in Central America itself. We need domestic partners--probably CBP, but we are still working our way through this--who would work the U.S. side, those who are now in the U.S. adjudicatory system, if you will. I think we are going to get there.    My vision, subject to correction by any member of this subcommittee, would be that we use the $3 million that is found in the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill to do that part of the program that would be linking up potential parents of these children downstream in Central America and then find a way to use a domestic agency's authorities and resources to link it up with the DNA that could be captured from minors, from children here in the United States.    That is where we are right now. We owe you greater detail as we work this through with a domestic partner.