    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, and it is always good to be here with you. I think the work of this subcommittee is very significant and I am looking forward to hearing from our witnesses here today.    I just want to join Chairman Huizenga in welcoming you all. In particular, Mr. Morris, welcome back to this room. I am really excited. You have tremendous credentials here, and I am sure that we will be justly informed.    My perspective on the work that these banks do around the world is that I think they represent a source of real strength for the United States, and a source of positive change in the world.    We see the impact of poverty in our own country here: unfulfilled dreams; lost generations; and lack of opportunity leading to frustration, which leads to all kinds of social problems.    And these problems spill out into all aspects of society. People are victimized by crimes, and no one--not even the very wealthy--is immune or escapes the adverse impact of poverty. And so the impact of poverty abroad is no less devastating and in a global world, the problems of far-off places are our problems as well.    Now, development banks don't impose world order with force, military might. They promote it through understanding and economic stability. And I do believe that American leadership in multilateral development banks is critical to our world leadership. That is why I have been pushing the World Bank to negotiate strong, enforceable safeguards, including labor standards, LGBT rights, road safety, women's rights, and accommodations for the disabled.    It is so humbling when I consider how this committee, and particularly this subcommittee, is really at the center of so much in terms of global leadership. And I truly hope that we on this committee can figure out how to agree to get some of this important work done.    It is not just reauthorizing the EX-IM Bank, to give our workers a fair shake in global markets. But--and I know it is not necessarily the subject of this hearing--also to improve the IMF quota reforms.    I will commit to working with you, Mr. Chairman, in good faith on addressing some of the concerns of the Majority, but I believe that we must work with some urgency to immediately approve quota reform.    And I also want to work with the World Bank to figure out how to make sure that its premiere development, because it is the premiere development institution in the world. To borrow a phrase from the Department of Labor Secretary Perez, we need to agree on a North Star, and to work on a path to get there.    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Moore. This hearing certainly has met my expectations in terms of just the collective knowledge that you all have. And, it is--I would be really interested almost in a colloquy between Mr. Karlan and Dr. Ravallion regarding the importance of research in alleviating poverty.    It seems that Dr. Karlan, you gave some examples of stuff that has really worked, like in Mexico, the Progresa Opportunidades, where women win conditional support and, Dr. Ravallion, you have said that we just haven't employed research enough. So, I guess I am just sort of interested in what the disconnect is? Or am I perceiving something that is not there?    Ms. Moore. Okay.    Ms. Moore. And Dr. Ravallion?    Ms. Moore. Yes.    Ms. Moore. It--like, the United States, for example, just hit--just mentioned some research that had been done on poverty, that--where we haven't deployed that information toward alleviating poverty here.    Ms. Moore. I'm sorry. As an example, is there some body of research out there regarding poverty in the United States, which we haven't deployed on a policy level?    Ms. Moore. I would love to follow up, and my time is waning. Mr. Chovanec, you--I read, perused your testimony, and then I heard you talk, and I was waiting to hear whether or not the Renminbi part of the basket of currencies in the SCR. And what impact would that have?    Ms. Moore. Is insignificant--    Ms. Moore. Thank you. And, Mr. Morris, I have to ask you a question. You have been critical of the United States' foreign aid budget. We should do more with multilateral. How would it be better to provide it to multilaterals rather than bilateral support? I ask for indulgence, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Moore. Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.