    Mr. Cordray. A new place. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I am cheerfully at your service in terms of timing today as you indicated.    Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Sixth Semi-Annual Report to Congress.    We appreciate your continued leadership and oversight as we work together to strengthen our financial system so that it better serves consumers, responsible businesses, and our economy as a whole.    As you know, the Consumer Bureau is the Nation's first Federal agency whose sole focus is protecting consumers in the financial marketplace. Products like mortgages, and student loans involve some of the most important transactions in people's lives.    Since we have opened our doors, we have focused on making consumer financial markets work better for the American people, and helping them improve their financial lives. Through fair rules, consistent oversight, appropriate law enforcement, and broad-based consumer engagement, we are working to restore people's trust and protect them against illegal conduct.    Much of the Bureau's early work centered on the mortgage market, the primary cause of the financial crisis, and thus where Congress saw reform as essential.    Our Ability-to-Repay rule, also known as the Qualified Mortgage (QM) rule, put new guardrails in place to prevent the kind of sloppy and irresponsible underwriting that brought about the crisis. Other rules addressed problems in the mortgage market also deemed in need of repair.    During this reporting period in particular we continued to provide tools and resources to help industry to implement our mortgage rules including the rule Congress required of us: to consolidate mortgage disclosure forms at the application and the closing stages, what we call ``Know Before You Owe.''    We also undertook considerable analysis to prepare a proposed rule that would provide more room for residential mortgage lending by small creditors such as community banks and credit unions.    The Bureau shares the committee's respect on both sides of the aisle--I have heard it again and again--for these institutions, and is committed to promoting access to credit for consumers in rural and underserved areas. And so our proposal would expand the definition of ``small creditor'' by adjusting the origination limit to encourage more lending by these small local institutions.    We are also proposing to expand the definition of ``rural'' areas to provide more access to credit in those areas. We are accepting public comments on these issues through March 30th.    During this reporting period we also issued some other proposed and final rules. We issued final clarifying revisions to the remittance rule, responding in part to concerns by industry. We moved forward on reporting requirements for the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, along with new and improved tools to allow the public to utilize this data more effectively. And we finalized a rule to improve annual privacy notices from financial institutions to the customers which eases burdens for many companies.    In addition to our rulemaking efforts the Bureau continues to make progress in all areas of our work. Today, we have helped secure through enforcement actions more than $5.3 billion in relief to more than 15 million consumers victimized by violations of Federal consumer financial laws, including $1.6 billion during this reporting period.    We continue to build out a risk-based supervision program both for banks and non-bank financial firms to achieve more consistent treatment and ensure compliance. This will help level the playing field among competing firms in various consumer financial markets.    The premise at the heart of our mission is that consumers deserve to be treated fairly in the financial marketplace and they should have someone stand on their side when that does not happen. So far the Office of Consumer Response has received more than 540,000 consumer complaints about mortgages, credit cards, student loans, auto loans, credit reporting, debt collection, and many other consumer financial products or services.    That has resulted in relief for many consumers, both monetary and non-monetary, and it provides valuable insight for our regulatory supervisory and enforcement work.    We are also developing educational tools for consumers, including the Your Money, Your Goals toolkit. This comprehensive guide is designed to be used social workers, legal aid attorneys, and volunteers to empower the people they serve in personal financial decision-making. And we will soon be embarking on a financial coaching program for transitioning veterans and economically vulnerable populations of consumers in 60 locations all over the country.    The progress we have made has been possible thanks to the engagement of hundreds of thousands of Americans who have utilized our consumer education tools, submitted complaints, participated in rulemakings, and told us their stories through our Web site and at numerous public meetings from coast to coast.    We have also benefited from an ongoing dialogue and constructive engagement with the institutions we supervise, with community banks and credit unions with whom we regularly meet, and with consumer advocates throughout the country.    Our progress has also resulted from the extraordinary work of my colleagues at the Bureau. They are dedicated public servants from a variety of different backgrounds. And I am proud to say that they have regularly risen to the challenges we face. They have consistently delivered great results so that consumers all over the country, in every one of your districts, are treated fairly in the financial marketplace. The American people certainly deserve it.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Cordray. I also appreciate it.    Mr. Cordray. I disagree with the conclusion. And I think the premise here is off-base. If we had finalized our rules solely around--    Mr. Cordray. Again, the premise of the study is a rule that was not adopted. The rules we adopted were more generous toward mortgage lending, recognizing access to credit is a critical need in this market now and the market is very different now than it was before the crisis. So that is important.    We are required to review our rules 5 years in and we will be doing that carefully. The other piece I want to add, and you are very aware of this, is that we needed to be careful about writing rules in light of not knowing how Congress was going to handle GSE reform.    Mr. Cordray. Our intention 4 years hence would be that we will have completed the 5-year review of these rules and as needed we will adjust the rules to take account of the issues you raised. My point is those are legitimate issues, they are legitimate concerns. That is why we didn't adopt the rules in that form in the first place and that is why we will review them on the 5-year mark to make sure that they are calibrated to the market.    Mr. Cordray. The point is, the study is not describing the rules we have adopted. The rules we have adopted have the Fannie and Freddie patch and that has been a very important element. Everybody has recognized it; we recognized it.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. It will end one day, but before it ends we will have reviewed the rule and made adjustments as needed--or Congress will have enacted GSE reform and we will then have to adjust.    Mr. Cordray. Because that rule is not the rule that is in place. The rule that is in place is a broader rule that has blessed a considerable amount of mortgage lending, has not had much impact on the marketplace, and also gives us an ability to respond to events. When the Congress decides what to do about GSE reform, we will all need to review in light of that. That will be a major thing, but we obviously couldn't anticipate that.    Mr. Cordray. With respect, I am going to return to your prior question for a moment, because you ended by saying that many community banks think that the QM rule requires them to quit mortgages. That is inconsistent with the small creditor provision which exempts 95 percent of them from the QM rule in the sense that their loans will be covered by the QM rule, so there is no reason--I don't want any community bank to take a message from this hearing that they should be quitting mortgages. We are encouraging them to engage in relationship lending.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know that this is so in fact. As to payday lending, this is an area, as will be true in a number of respects, where we are trying to calibrate and understand the market and gauge the potential for consumer harm. We have been careful and thoughtful and thorough in our approach to this. We have done two significant White Papers that have been broader than anything that has ever been done in this area.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. So when you say ``preempt,'' that is sort of a loaded term. I don't know what ``preempt'' means here and we have not embarked on a specific notice-and-comment rulemaking yet.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. What I will is say we have done a study of the market. And in the market what we find is there is a demand for small dollar credit, and we recognize the need to have access to such credit.    We have also recognized that there is a problem that many consumers experience, which is that they fall into a debt trap. They roll these loans over and over and over, and they end up living their life off of 390 percent interest, or 570 percent interest. That is of concern to us. We have made that plain in a couple of different ways.    Mr. Cordray. I am not thinking about it in that way. What I am thinking about are problems in the marketplace, consumers are being harmed, what is the right response to that. That is what we are grappling with, very carefully and thoroughly I believe.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. And I am glad to have the opportunity. I will just simply say I think this is, in many respects, a natural back and forth between the Congress which has the rightful and important responsibility of oversight, and an Executive Branch agency like our own which is of course ultimately accountable to the Congress, both for carrying out the statute that Congress has enacted, that is the law that we are supposed to implement, and to make sure that you have the information that you need to be able to oversee our operations.    There is no disagreement about that. There is no resentment about that. It can be a lot of work to respond to aggressive oversight. But I don't begrudge it. I think it is an appropriate role of the Congress.    Beyond that, there can be individual disagreements when a document request was made to us and we responded to it, whether it was done as fast as it might have been, or whether it was done as fully as it might have been. There are a lot of reasons why some of these document requests take a fair amount of time to comply with, particularly if they involve detailed email searches or document searches. And they sometimes involve thousands and thousands of pages, particularly if they involve any kind of personally identifiable information.    We are required by Federal law to be careful about how we handle that information. But having said that, those are the parameters we all operate within. We understand that. We understand your responsibilities. I think we understand our responsibilities.    It is our every intention to make sure that this committee has all the information it needs. Whenever we are told that we haven't done that we are glad to have more discussion. We have offered in camera reviews where that is appropriate. We have provided documents where that is appropriate. We will continue to work through each issue to the point where we are both satisfied. That is my intention and it continues to be my intention.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Cordray. Thank you for the question. I appreciate the discussion you and I have had on this subject personally one-on-one. First of all, I want to be a little careful here because that is a proposed rule, it is not yet a final rule. In fact, the comment period is not yet closed on that. That comment period extends until later this month. And I know that we are hearing a lot of comments both ways on that particular aspect of prepaid cards. So I don't want to prejudge that. We will obviously get the comments, digest them, and think carefully about how to proceed.    What I will say is in the proposal, what we set out and one of the things that we are taking input on, was that on prepaid cards that credit products would be subject to credit card-like protections which I think--frankly I think most of the public is totally unaware that prepaid cards right now have no consumer protection whatsoever. You can't get a dispute resolved, you can't get an error corrected, you have no rights, no disclosure requirements. So that is part of what we are trying to address here.    But we determined in our proposal to subject that to credit card-like protections. That is what has been imposed under the CARD Act that is working well in the credit card market. And so we are interested to hear people's reactions to whether that works or how well that would work here. So that is one of the things we are interested in getting input on and we will think more about as it relates to your question.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, we do. We have had numerous stakeholder meetings with the industry, the prepaid card industry and prepaid accounts going beyond cards, those prepaid account products which are a little broader. We will continue to hear from them and think about this, we are always interested in data that they will provide us. Some industries are more interested in doing that and some seem to be quite standoffish and do not provide us with data. When they don't, we don't have as good a foothold to go on, so I always encourage them to do so. But we have had numerous discussions and I am sure we will hear plenty more before we come to ground on this.    Mr. Cordray. We are required under our statute to assess the costs, burdens, and benefits of any regulation. We do take that seriously. We have done that with our rules and we will continue to do that, yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. We always listen to people's ideas. I will say that this rule was finalized 21 months in advance of the effective date. It was finalized not last November, but November the year before, so people will have had close to 2 years to be ready for this. And we have been working with them all along. We have done what we do to make it easy for them to provide plain language guides, provide simplified guidance, respond to questions. And we have really been urging the industry to be ready for this. Nobody should be surprised by this and people are working hard to get ready so we will see how it transpires. But people have had a long time on this. This wasn't a rule that was adopted yesterday with an August deadline. It was November of 2013, so--    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    Welcome, Mr. Cordray. I am always very pleased and delighted to have the opportunity to discuss the work that you are doing at the Bureau and you have done a magnificent job. As a matter of fact, I say this time and time again, that in all of the work that was done with the Dodd-Frank reform, I believe that the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is the most significant part of that reform. And I am very pleased with the way that you have taken on this responsibility and the way that you have produced for our consumers.    Having said that, there are two issues that I have been working on all of my career starting in the California State legislature and continuing since I have been in Congress: one is payday lending; and the other is private post-secondary schools and the way that they operate.    So, first, I would like you to share with us the research that you have done on payday lending. What have you discovered and what are your recommendations? I know that we can't simply just put people out of business, but the payday lending operation in this country is such that people are still paying 400 percent interest on these loans and they get trapped in the loans. What have you done and what do you see as possibilities for correcting the situation in the future?    Mr. Cordray. For me, this has been a major issue at the Bureau going all the way back to when I first became the Director in January of 2012. The very first field hearing we held after I became the Director occurred in Birmingham, Alabama. It was on the topic of small dollar lending and we heard extensive testimony from a packed house on both sides of this issue. And I made plain at that time that we were concerned about maintaining access to credit for people who have emergency needs, which is something that long pre-existed the payday lending industry, and goes back more than a century in this country since we have had a money-based economy.    But at the same time, there are people who get caught in a debt trap and a high number of payday borrowers end up rolling over the loans again and again and again and end up paying out well more in cost than the loan--they borrowed.    Ms. Waters. So this has turned out not to be just for emergency lending. It has grown.    Mr. Cordray. We have done two substantial White Papers with more extensive research than has ever been done in this area over the past 3 years. And we have found that to be a key phenomenon in this industry and it is the concern that we have. We are now working toward putting out a proposal that would lead to a rulemaking on this subject. We are getting very close on that process being publicly under way. But I would say that this is a--it is a very difficult issue. It is a complicated issue, but it is an important issue that affects a lot of consumers in this country both pro and con and we hear a lot from them.    Ms. Waters. The Department of Defense has proposed rules to close loopholes under the Military Lending Act that would limit covered credit to a 36 percent annual percentage rate. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Cordray. Congress spoke I thought pretty loudly and clearly on this in 2007 with the Military Lending Act. Congress then spoke I thought loudly a couple of years ago about reopening the regulations that have been adopted and suggesting that they needed to be broader, stronger, and more comprehensive. The Department of Defense has moved forward I think quite responsibly and steadily on this project. Many other agencies have been asked to collaborate with them and work with them on this. We have been among those agencies. They continue to move forward and I think it is a very important set of protections for servicemembers.    Ms. Waters. In your research, have you discovered the role that the banks play in perhaps providing capital resources for payday lenders?    Mr. Cordray. I know there has been discussion of that. We also have had the opportunity now in the last several years to perform a number of examinations of payday lenders. It is the first time that has ever been done by a Federal supervisor, to really dig into their business operations and understand their business model and understand both the pros and the cons for consumers and also ensure their compliance with the law as it exists today.    Ms. Waters. Is there a direct link between capital that is provided by major banks to payday lenders?    Mr. Cordray. I think that different companies and every sector of our economy get financing in different ways. Sometimes it is through loans from banks, sometimes they raise it from shareholders; it depends on their corporate model. Certainly, there is some amount of that here although there is nothing illegal about any of that.    Ms. Waters. Do you believe that there is any way we can bring payday lending under control any time soon?    Mr. Cordray. So when you say bring under control, as I said we are--    Ms. Waters. I would like to do something that would eliminate the ability for them to get 400 percent interest from people who are desperate.    Mr. Cordray. I hear you loud and clear on that. We are, as I said, in the late stages of--beginning of the public process to write rules with respect to this industry and it will be based on substantial research and analysis we have done. I would say check back with us soon and you will see work under way here.    Ms. Waters. I have 2 seconds left. On Corinthian, I would like to thank you for some loan forgiveness that you had to initiate for Corinthian students. Corinthian is just one of the many private postsecondary schools that have been basically creating serious problems for consumers for a long time now.    And we also have some Corinthian students who have decided that this is predatory lending and they are not going to repay those debts. They are organizing and I support them.    It is not just Corinthian. It is a whole slew of these private postsecondary schools, many of whom have schools where they are collecting government money, they don't have credentialed teachers, and they don't really teach anything. The students end up with big debts. They then can't get loans, and we can't do anything.    What are we going to do about the issue of private postsecondary schools who have been ripping off the government for so long?    Mr. Cordray. We have brought two lawsuits to date that remain pending. I want to be a little careful about what I say about those because they are in front of courts, but our complaints speak for themselves in terms of what we found in our investigation and believe to be the case there.    In the Corinthian case, I will say I thought there was spectacular work by colleagues of mine at the Bureau to generate and secure significant debt relief for student loan borrowers whom, I believe, were misled into being deeply harmed by predatory loans.    Mr. Cordray. I actually don't honestly know as I sit here whether that happened or not, but I will take that back and--    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I would simply say, I don't know that we have ever sent out a letter to a Member of Congress to examiners before. That is not normal. We send out guidance to our examiners through examination handbooks and the like, so it is--    Mr. Cordray. No. That was a letter to you. I believe we responded to you.    Mr. Cordray. --so just a couple of things, number one, you asked for a letter to you and I have sent a letter to you. That letter represents my position and the Bureau's position. It is what it is. As for whether we send letters to Members of Congress to our examination staff that is not something we have ever done. That is not a normal thing for us to do.    Mr. Cordray. If you want--    Mr. Cordray. If you are now talking about adopting policy, which we were often criticized for doing without notice and comment rulemaking and all the process and so forth. If I am just going to write a letter and then send it out to our examiners--I would think carefully about that.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think--    Mr. Cordray. --that would be how we would communicate that.    Mr. Cordray. I will have to take that back and consider that. I believe the FDIC had put out some--I don't remember exactly what the FDIC did but there was some sort of list of different activities or--    Mr. Cordray. I see. I will be happy to look and see what the FDIC has done.    Mr. Cordray. I want to be a little careful here because my understanding is one of those companies has now sued the FSOC and has a case pending in Federal court. I wouldn't want to be affecting the case by any kind of pronouncement here.    There is a significant and voluminous record on the designations and what the rationale was for those of the FSOC as a body, so I--    Mr. Cordray. I am a member of the FSOC, but I don't regard that as a Bureau position. That is a--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. That is correct. So the criteria I would apply and always would apply and did apply is the statutory criteria under the FSOC's statutes for designating an institution. Nothing more, nothing less.    Mr. Cordray. I would agree with you the 17,000 percent rate of interest is quite high.    Mr. Cordray. Quite high. However, what I will say is as you indicated, first of all we are well-aware of your interest in this area and your legislative efforts and have had a number of discussions with your staff that have been helpful, I think on both sides, in understanding the issue better.    We have indicated on our unified agenda which is where we publish to the world in a transparent way what we see as on our agenda for rulemaking in advance. Overdraft is on that agenda.    It is a crowded agenda at the moment. We are trying to--we will work to finalize rules on prepaid cards. We will work to finalize the rules on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. As I indicated we are very close to starting the public process on payday and small dollar rules.    Debt collection is also on that agenda and that is a very large subject. Overdraft is on that agenda as well. Here we have as you said done a fair amount--a considerable amount of research here, again published, I think, two White Papers, both of which represent very detailed analysis of the overdraft issues.    We have also done examination work of institutions around the issues involving overdraft that has resulted in remediation to consumers, so we have come at this and begun to understand this problem from a number of different angles and it is something that we do intend to take up as we can.    Mr. Cordray. I can't prejudge that at this point. We have a proposal out that as you indicated would put any kind of overdraft product--credit product in a framework that would be governed by the Card Act which, I think, was a very appropriate framework, frankly. I know you are a strong advocate of that and champion of it.    We have comments still coming in through the end of this month and then we will consider and digest those and move to finalize in accordance with what they raised to us so that is about all I can say at the moment.    Mr. Cordray. Later this year.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I have seen some Packers games.    Mr. Cordray. I am.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know if that is quite accurate. Just to be clear, I am an outside Director. I am not as engaged in the day-to-day operations. I have a full time job with the     Mr. Cordray. But I am aware that there was--    Mr. Cordray. I have read about that.    Mr. Cordray. I was not aware of that, that is correct, until it burst into public view.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that we should be in the business of distinguishing between different kinds of economic activities that are legal merely because someone might favor or disfavor one or another.    Mr. Cordray. Some are constitutionally protected.    Mr. Cordray. Actually, I am not clear that is what people are actually doing. I think some of this may be--    Mr. Cordray. --overdone. But?    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that.    Mr. Cordray. I think I am agreeing with you. I don't think that people should be pressured into not lending to businesses--    Mr. Cordray. Again, I am not clear on that.    Mr. Cordray. I am not clear that is what happened. I don't think it is what happened. And I believe if I am understanding it correctly--    Mr. Cordray. --that there has been a modification of policies that I think--    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that is quite accurate. But number one, you talked to me about our consumer advisory board which is not governed by the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) and we talked about it. And I determined that I thought you were right as a matter of appropriateness.    Mr. Cordray. That we should comply with the FACA which we are now doing. It used to be that none of those sessions were open to the public--    Mr. Cordray. Absolutely. But under the FACA the subcommittees are not necessarily required to be open to the public just as you are on the Floor that is open to the public but when you caucus, that is not open to the public.    Mr. Cordray. I would be happy to follow up.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, and thank you for the question. My sense is that both the theory and the practice of this would be similar to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, where more data on what loans are being offered and in what locations and to what kinds of customers would give us a kind of a roadmap into whether lending is being done in some evenhanded way across different communities.    And there has been no substitute for the HMDA data, that this can be easily seen and easily analyzed and crunched. And by the way, one of the things we are required to do under the Dodd-Frank Act is to overhaul the HMDA rules and make them more effective, which we are working on right now.    And we also are bringing over from the Federal Reserve the data collection itself so that we will be the ones who are managing that data collection. I think they have done a great job over the years, and I now think there are ways we can update and improve it even further.    That, as I think we have talked about before, becomes the jumping off point for us to then fulfill what is also the requirement in the Dodd-Frank Act, but again, not on a particular deadline of going about small business data collection.    This year, we are going to undertake our first examination of a financial institution on small business lending under the authority of the Dodd-Frank Act and that will help us have guidance on this.    As the HMDA moves forward, we plan to build on that for the small business data as well. And I think this is eventually--I know it takes awhile for these things to unfold--going to be a very significant tool.    Mr. Cordray. No, it could not be before the end of the year, and I honestly can't give you a date, but I can tell you that we have a process here that I think make sense, which is to complete the HMDA, which is one of the required tasks for us. Then, move to this small business data and have it build together so that the data collection is being done in the most efficient manner.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. My experience with this subject goes back to when I was Ohio attorney general--it was the most complained about activity other than identity theft in the office at that time--and it has always been one of the most complained about activities at every level of government.    I actually would like to compliment the New York regulators, the courts, the attorney general, and the banking superintendent, who have done a lot of work around debt collection in that State. We have learned a lot from the work they are doing, we have had a lot of consultation back and forth.    We will be moving forward as Dodd-Frank authorized us to do to adopt regulations that will completely update the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which was enacted in 1977, that is the year I graduated from high school, and you think how much technology has changed since then, how much the practice of debt collection has changed since then.    There is a lot that we need to address. There are many abuses, people being harassed, people being bothered in the workplace when they should not be. Military servicemembers, commanding officers being pursued which is totally inappropriate and it affects the servicemember. There are a lot of things that go on out there.    We have had numerous enforcement actions. We have had numerous examinations leading to relief. There is a lot of work to be done on this.    Mr. Cordray. That is also on our unified agenda along with overdraft. We will be starting on that, I imagine, later this year.    Mr. Cordray. I wasn't here either.    Mr. Cordray. If they were actually kicking the neighbor's dog, then it is appropriate for a press release to say that we stopped them from doing it.    Mr. Cordray. Look, I would be glad to walk through individual press releases with your staff.    Mr. Cordray. Wait a second, if we have an enforcement matter, that is a law enforcement matter. I have heard people on both sides say they want the law to be enforced and it is appropriate for there to be a press release to let the world know what happened because that determines--    Mr. Cordray. But we wouldn't do a press release if there wasn't a law enforcement matter.    Mr. Cordray. I encouraged them to do that because we have had people who made the inquiry, but I don't think it is--    Mr. Cordray. No, I don't think--I don't know that there was a problem, we are going to look at it and see and I am happy to do that. But, and the ombudsman has some independence from me, which is appropriate.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that is quite right. When we enter into a consent order--    Mr. Cordray. If we can achieve all of our objectives, getting relief for consumers and stopping the conduct and the company will agree with that, then we don't need to go forward and--    Mr. Cordray. No, that is not quite right. They often agree to injunctive relief going forward to stop doing what they were doing that was in violation of the law. This has always been done at the end of an investigation by us where we have established--    Mr. Cordray. We don't necessarily require an admission, however, they stop the conduct, they come into compliance with the law, and they remediate consumers for the harm done. That is what we are going for; we don't necessarily need to drag them through a trial if we can get that.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know what you are talking about in the sense that we don't enforce the law against institutions, banks of $10 billion or less. So, the notion that we are doing that with community banks is wrong, and I would like to know the specific instance you are talking about.    It is commonplace across this country that when law enforcers enforce the law, they let the public know what they have done so that other people who were considering violating the law in the same way are deterred from doing so; that is pretty important.    And as long as--    Mr. Cordray. We have conducted a full investigation. We think that the facts have been established. I have no doubt about that in our cases. Thank you.    Mr. Cordray. ``Triple decker?''    Mr. Cordray. I know it is a sandwich, the Big Mac. I used to work at McDonalds, so I have heard of that.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I see. We don't have those in Ohio, in my area.    Mr. Cordray. I think I see where you are going.    Mr. Cordray. So the question is whether a triple decker as you describe it should be considered residential real estate or--    Mr. Cordray. Okay. I will tell you what, I had not heard of this issue in my own experience. If we think there is an interesting animal out there in the housing field that doesn't fit easily within our definitions and we need to rethink that, we will be happy to work with your staff to try to understand the issue and consider what is the right answer to it.    Mr. Cordray. We will take a good look at that.    Mr. Cordray. I think it is a pretty good one. If you are lending in such a way that the borrower is set up to fail, and you have consistently higher default rates than others, that is a pretty good indication that something is not working right.    Mr. Cordray. I am not--well, slow down a little bit. What are you talking about with the FHA?    Mr. Cordray. To me, a teaser rate is one where you offer a rate to begin with but then it is going to change later on. I don't know if that is accurate to the FHA program.    And as for reducing premiums, if they are reduced and people can therefore afford to get a loan, that doesn't feel like--    Mr. Cordray. I see. Look, I do think high default rates would be a warning sign, but if you are talking about FHA programs that were just changed, I don't know if we have data yet as to whether they are leading to high default rates for--    Mr. Cordray. It could be awhile before we have anything like that.    Mr. Cordray. Here is what I will say: We have created the national mortgage data base and it is exactly the data that will allow this sort of thing to be looked at over time.    We will be glad to have you and your staff work with us to see how data shapes up on these and other things over time, that will give us the window on the mortgage market, I think.    Mr. Cordray. It depends on what the ``this'' is. If ``this'' is dropping rates in a misleading way and then raising them later, that I think is problematic, but I am not clear that's what FHA is doing. If it means lowering prices and loans become more affordable and default rates go down, that also would not be problematic.    If you are lending and consistently default rates are high and there are outliers--    Mr. Cordray. We will have data in the national mortgage database.    Mr. Cordray. No. I am not allowed to enforce the law against other government entities but we do collaborate and coordinate all the time on different programs both with FHA and other aspects of the Federal and State and local governments.    Look, we are developing data just so these kinds of things can be looked at. And if your folks are interested in seeing what we can see, we will be glad to share it.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. And we talked about some of them today which is that in the mortgage market in particular when we were required by Congress to adapt the Qualified Mortgage rule, what we call the ability-to-repay rule, we weren't required to do so, but we determined that--and I feel strongly committed to this--we believe smaller institutions like community banks and credit unions lend responsibly.    And I believe data has shown that their default rates are lower--this is going back to the Congressman's point a moment ago--than other lenders and were especially so through the crisis, then we should try to find ways to tier our regulation such that we can encourage them to engage in that kind of lending, which is good lending and very important in our communities.    And we did adopt a provision that applied to 90-plus percent of the community banks and credit unions in the country. We then went back and I determined, I thought we hadn't drawn it broadly enough, I thought we should draw it even broader.    Because we not only want to encourage them to lend but we want to give some room to grow in that lending. And in fact, the community banks are growing in their share of the mortgage lending market now in this past year we have seen, and we have a proposal to expand that further. That is an example of it.    We have had other provisions for regulatory relief. Annual privacy notices, we adopted a new rule to reduce these burdens on many, many companies. We were working toward the ATM machine sticker problem when Congress resolved it with our support as another means of regulatory relief.    And where we can do things that we think relieve burden on industry without hurting consumer protection, we are willing to consider doing that, and if people have ideas in that regard they should share them with us.    Mr. Cordray. What the community bank advisory council--and that is another good example--we are not required to have such a body, but I thought we weren't going to be naturally hearing enough from community banks because we don't have the examination or enforcement authority of them, so we don't engage with them day-to-day.    We did set up a community bank advisory council and a credit union advisory council, which again we are not required to have but I think they have been very helpful to us and they influence our thinking.    We talk to them about the work we are doing on mortgage and other things, they talk to us about what kind of operational effect those things have on them, they tell us about what kind of problems and concerns they have in the marketplace that we might not otherwise see.    We have spent a lot of time with them and I think it has been very valuable to us. And I personally spend a lot of time sitting through those sessions, I don't just farm that out to other people.    I want to hear from them directly and I, again, am continuing to do this because I think it is very helpful and I think it has benefited the Bureau and I think it has benefited community banks as well.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. First, we do have these advisory councils. Second, we did set up--in response to concerns from industry--a new office that we call the office of financial institutions and business liaison, which is the way that people in the industry can interface with the Bureau and make sure they can navigate the Bureau and have their concerns heard.    We meet regularly with both community bankers and separately with credit union leaders in every State when we go out and around the country and when they come in to do their fly-ins to speak to all of you, they typically will come and speak to us as well.    I remember I met with Congressman Neugebauer recently and my folks had told me about meetings we had with Texas bankers and credit unions in the past year. It was five or six different meetings we had and I told him I felt like I am a member of the delegation.    But it is something that I think is important for us to do and we gain a lot of insight from it and it gives them an ability to talk to us and have us hear from them.    And it has led to things like the small creditor provision, potentially expanding that provision, rural treatment where this is really a key to supporting communities by supporting their community banks and credit unions.    Mr. Cordray. I hope so.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. But everybody is in a different place--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. All I can say is, you are absolutely right on that, this is a major concern. It is something that a number of the agencies are all realizing that we need to work together on--Treasury is deeply involved in this as well.    And it is threatening not only banks and financial institutions but potentially government and also merchants and others. And it is a highly sophisticated way of committing crimes against the American public.    Mr. Cordray. That is a very interesting and insightful point because when we first started out as a Bureau we were given about seven or eight tasks by Congress. It was in our law that we had to fulfill them, which we worked to do in the mortgage market.    Since that time we have gotten to know it better, as you know, HUD has significant authority in the market through FHA and otherwise. And the FHFA, working with Fannie and Freddie, has significant authority in the market.    So it makes a lot of sense for me, for us to coordinate closely with one another so the left hand and the right hand know what they are doing. There are a lot of things as you say that the GSEs can affect in the market and people have to respond to them because there is some--    Mr. Cordray. I don't have authority in our statute but I--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, yes.    Mr. Cordray. For the record, he is not here to defend himself at the moment.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. Okay. So, first of all, Congress required us to do research on a report on reverse mortgages as an early part of our work that we did very carefully and very thoroughly and it highlighted a number of concerns about the reverse mortgage product.    The reverse mortgage product can work well for some people, if it is appropriately customized to their situation. It means they can stay in their home for the rest of their life free from worry. But there are a lot of complexities around the product, particularly if it is only one spouse on the mortgage rather than both.    And when they think that is going to be the case, there is a lot of uncertainty about the taxes and insurance, which are typically not covered by the mortgage, and that may not be appropriately marketed to people. So, we pointed out a number of issues and worked with HUD in terms of various revisions that have been made to the reverse mortgage product that they put out.    Secondly, on the advertising--I see when I am on the road and in the hotel late at night on the TV all of these ads and it concerns me. Some of what is being represented doesn't seem to be accurate or it is misleading at best.    We took our first enforcement action against reverse mortgage advertising recently. We will consider doing more in that area. It needs to be cleaned up. As you say, some of it is pretty slick and pretty glib. And if it is misleading people into a product, that is a concern.    So, we share the concern. We have done as I said a fair amount of research in the area and we have various things that we want to make sure are not harming consumers.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think we have a lot of people to do it. But we have an Office for Older Americans that strategizes in this space and how to work with partners around the country and--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. That is true.    Mr. Cordray. So, let me just understand, what you are talking about is a CBO scoring that was done. Is that what you mean?    Mr. Cordray. But we didn't score that. The CBO scored it, is that correct?    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I see. Okay. Okay. I am not fully conversant with all of that. I do know--    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I see. So, again, I am not fully clear on this and I could look into it more. But what I will say is I do know that we do receive thousands of questions and inquiries each year. That is what it has been at least, we have only been around as you know, a couple of years, 3 years.    But we are receiving thousands of questions from people who want advice about how to interpret rules, what things mean, whether they can do it this way rather than that way. And we spend a lot of full-time equivalent hours on those and they come in all the time through email and on calls. And we do our best to respond to those.    Now, whether that is the same as a sort of ``formal advisory opinion,'' as you know, different agencies define what that means differently. When I was the attorney general in Ohio, we did advisory opinions. We did about 100 a year and those were fully written out documents that took days to research and so forth. That is a little bit different from this. Now, where we are in between I am not sure.    Mr. Cordray. We are doing that. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. We are doing that and we are still getting asked the question so--but when we get the same question repeated over time, we will try to do a webinar or we will put something up so that others can just see the answer rather than having to call in and get it.    But it may be partly a function of us being a new agency, I am not sure. People may not be as familiar with us and these processes may have not gotten in the grooves. But I do think it is accurate that we received thousands of questions last year on the mortgage rules and the like.    And it may be that will be true for some time and then let's just say maybe it will settle down. I would like to hope so. I would like to think we could speak more clearly than that over time but I don't know when that will be.    Mr. Cordray. We have looked at other agencies and, again, they have very different processes. Some of them are quite confining and they only do a very few, a handful of advisory opinions. Some do hundreds--I think the IRS does private letter rulings, but I don't know what the volume is exactly.    And then they all answer questions as well. And that is a whole different category and that is pretty large at most agencies.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Take credit for it.    Mr. Cordray. All the rest of you could take credit for it, too.    Mr. Cordray. I know that we are getting a significant number of page views on those tools now. And I believe we had--it is in the millions of page views that we now get for these tools which is encouraging because they are only useful if they are used, right?    And I would encourage all of you to feel free to direct your constituents to look at things like Ask CFPB which has--if you are being pursued by a debt collector suddenly what are your rights, you don't know--but you can go there and get the specific answers.    You can have letters that respond to try to assert your rights. Or if you have a mortgage problem you can figure out exactly how it works. That is what these tools are for and I hope people will use them.    Mr. Cordray. I hesitate to speak to legislation. That is up to the Congress, of course. In Dodd-Frank, the Congress did two things. They did ban pre-dispute arbitration clauses in mortgage contracts. And they then said for any other consumer financial contracts, the Bureau shall--we are required to do a study and report to Congress on this study. We are getting very close--very close to that point. Then--    Mr. Cordray. The study being published to Congress. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. And then depending on what that says we should take action as we deem in the public interest consistent with the results of the study to either limit or condition such arbitration clauses. So, I want to be very careful not to--we have been careful not to prejudge the results of the study.    It will include a consumer survey as to what consumers think has happened when they sign up for products and--that have arbitration clauses. It is pretty extensive and it will be out I think I can say as I sit here very, very soon. And then we will work on how to go from there.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know, there are any number of places, but I don't generally stand in their shoes and tell consumers what to do.    Mr. Cordray. No, I don't. I don't.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. Okay. A couple of things, number one, you are making a judgment that we are going to do this, we are going to do that. We are at the beginning of a rulemaking process on payday and other small dollar loans and that will unfold and there will be a lot of public input into it.    I have said time and again, and I said it earlier in this hearing that we believe that people need access to credit for those purposes for exactly the kinds of things you talked about, emergency needs. But they should not--we should not easily tolerate that people end up rolling loans over and over and over and they end up paying far more in fees than they borrowed in the first place and they are in a debt trap--they tell us about it all the time in comments that they submit to our agency.    That is a concern. That is harming the consumer, not helping the consumer. How to balance that is difficult. It is a complicated thing. We have been working on this for now 3 years. It is a very difficult task, I would agree, but we are going to do our best to try to strike that balance.    Mr. Cordray. We are well aware of that. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Actually, we are well aware that most payday lender borrowers are banked. They have a bank account. That is where the money is coming from. That is where they write the check on. So, by definition, most of them actually are banked.    Mr. Cordray. I have not myself been an extensive lender--    Mr. Cordray. Thank you.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. Yes. And frankly, you and I may be more sensitive to this issue because it is our hometown newspaper that has done some of the best investigative reporting on the issue of credit reports, credit scores, and accuracy.    That is something that we have been looking at very carefully and thoroughly at the Bureau. We are the first agency ever anywhere to be able to examine and go in and really get this sense of how things work within the three big national credit reporting agencies. And that has led to changes already.    They used to have a paper-based process that was reduced to a three-digit number for correcting errors on your account if you wanted to submit a dispute and they didn't necessarily pass the paper on to the furnisher that originally supplied the information.    We have worked with them to change that process. It is now changed. Your information will go in so that the furnisher can see what the basis for the dispute is. It is not reduced to a three-digit number. That is a significant improvement.    We also indicated late last year that we would begin requiring regular credit reporting accuracy reports--akin to call reports to the banks--that we are moving forward with. And we are doing a great deal of work around improving accuracy in these numbers.    The other thing we are doing that I think is important is we have been encouraging the open credit score initiative which a few lenders got started with with FICO and now has grown to more than 50 million Americans who now have free access to their credit scores on their credit card bills and other potential loan documents.    That is going to create a lot more awareness on behalf of the public that, this is my information and it matters to me and it may be changing and I need to find out more about it. I think that is going to be a sea change for the entire industry and that is something that we are really encouraged about.    As consumers know more, as they can stand up for themselves more, they will be getting more responses from these companies and we also are putting pressure on this to see to it that happens.    Mr. Cordray. I know that this has been a subject of potential legislation by the Congress and I know people talk about how powerful this agency is, but when it comes to merchants and security of the information, that is not something we have authority over.    There is a battle going on between the merchants and the banks over who should bear the cost of these kinds of breaches. Everybody is going to have to do a better job and there are improvements coming in card security and other things. But it is--I could just say it is a big problem. It affects consumers. It affects all of us.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. The way Congress drew our statute--again, this is another area where supposedly we are so powerful, but we did not have jurisdiction over auto dealers.    Mr. Cordray. No. We have responsibility to oversee fair lending by auto lenders but not by auto dealers. So, the dealer program that they have developed may well be an excellent program and we have talked to them about it at their suggestion. It is really more for the Justice Department to say what they think of that; it is not really within my jurisdiction.    Mr. Cordray. Sure--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. I actually agree with you on that.    Mr. Cordray. I think it is a good outcome. I think people need--at least where we live--cars to be able to transport themselves to work and keep a job. But if they can't do that, it is worse than having a mortgage problem because they can always rent if they don't own a home.    Mr. Cordray. But here, they do need these loans and I do think the auto industry is going gangbusters right now. Sales of cars are up.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I certainly don't want that to be as tight as--    Mr. Cordray. Fair enough. That is not what I intended.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. That is right. That is not what we intended either.    Mr. Cordray. Agreed.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. We are.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. I would be glad to talk to you further about these issues.    Mr. Cordray. I don't particularly like that acronym, frankly.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. We haven't heard very much about that and we did give a 21-month implementation period. This rule was actually passed in November of 2013 so people have had a long time to lead up to this.    We have worked hard--this is something that has been a hallmark of the Bureau on all of our rules is we don't just pass a rule and then sort of say to the industry it is your problem now, we are no longer interested.    We care about their ability to implement the rule effectively because if they can't then it is not going to work for people. And we do a lot of work around taking what is pretty dense legalese of the Federal Register and turning it into plain language guides, ``how to'' guides, guidance and we answer and respond to questions.    We have done webinars for hundreds, if not thousands--I think thousands of folks on these rules. And we are trying to make sure that they will be ready to go because that is what we want. If the rules are an improvement--and here they are--consumer surveys have shown us that this is more intelligible and understandable disclosure than existed before. Plus, we have taken two forms at each stage and boiled it down to one form which is what Congress told us to do. That is all a good thing. We are working hard--    Mr. Cordray. Look, what I would say is the effective date is August of this year. That is 21 months from when the whole thing was finalized. And by the way, there was plenty of time before it was finalized when people could see it coming.    It is not like we are going to come in the very next day and say, ``Aha, now, we can bring the hammer down on people.'' But at the same time, people should be getting ready for this. They should take it seriously and that is the date as I understand it.    Mr. Cordray. That is not an issue that has come to my attention before. I know that very explicitly in our statute, we do not have jurisdiction over insurance companies--if there is mortgage insurance and it is part of the mortgage that is something different, but typically that is outside of our range, so I haven't--I have neither thought about that nor do I have any real comment.    Mr. Cordray. Right. I appreciate that. You know we have a lot to do.    And we are going to be very careful of our jurisdiction.    Mr. Cordray. We published two extensive White Papers on this subject and they have indicated both our appreciation for this credit in certain circumstances and also our concerns about how this credit can trap people in debt in other circumstances.    We have been working to try to square the circle between those two in any kind of policy intervention we would do. That will begin with small business review panels under our statute and that is when this will become public as the beginnings of what will eventually be rules.    People will have, I am sure, plenty of say on that, on all sides. It is obviously of extreme interest. And it is something that we are working on very carefully.    Mr. Cordray. As you are clearly aware, and I appreciate your interest in this subject, we have proposed rules that were out for comment and we have received extensive comment, hundreds of comments on them.    They do include some additional fields that were required by the Congress in the statute and some additional fields that we thought were necessary to help monitor the mortgage market along the lines of what was discussed earlier and at the same time, we have done some other things that we are trying to relieve burden, such as exempting certain small creditors from having to report at all and also updating the technology, so it should be easier for people to report with less burden.    So how all that mixes together in the grand scheme of things is something that we are trying to figure out and we appreciate the comments we have had and we will do our best to digest those and--    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Sure. You are not alone in that suggestion, so yes.    Mr. Cordray. I don't want to say specifically that it will be July, but it will be somewhere in that timeframe. I also would say there will be a significant implementation period.    It is not like it is going to go into effect immediately. So as to whether people will need a further relief from that, that it is pretty premature at this point, but again there will be a fair amount of time for people to comply, I believe.    Mr. Cordray. And we have comments on that.    Mr. Cordray. That is right.    Mr. Cordray. This is a good example of the kinds of things we are wrestling with. We wrestled with this and came out with our proposal. There is comment on it, lots of comments on both sides. Again, I think hundreds of comments, we are wrestling with what people are saying around that.    We are trying to make sure that this will effectively give the right window into the lending market. HELOCs, as you say, are often not for purposes of the mortgage itself, but they are secured by the home.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Right.    Mr. Cordray. That is one of a number of approaches that could be taken to this. We have worked this through as carefully as we can and came out with a proposal. We are still taking comments on that and we will continue to take comments until later this month when the period ends.    And then we will digest those comments. It was again, our thinking that where you have credit on a prepaid card and it is credit, it is a loan of funds that could be treated similar to the way it is treated under the credit card rules in the CARD Act.    I am sure there are going to be favorable comments on that approach. And there are going to be unfavorable comments on that approach and we are going to listen carefully to what exactly people say and how convincing it is. And if anybody is giving us data, we are interested in that as well. But this will be all part of our thinking as we work toward a final rule.    Mr. Cordray. We have actually sat down and heard directly from NetSpend about their issues here. That is all part of the comment process and we are going to hear as I say quite a bit from a large number of people--we already have--and I am sure we will hear much more before the deadline. That is all what we will take into account and try to reach the right balance in the end.    Mr. Cordray. Right.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. There are several things. It is a long question, so I will try to not to make too long an answer. Number one, it was in response to a number of questions from people on both sides who are on this committee that we did set out to do a White Paper and a deeper analysis in manufactured housing industry, because I said at the time as I was hearing the questions, I didn't think we knew enough about it. So we dug in and did take a close look at it.    Now, one of the things it showed was that there has been a decline in manufactured housing going back 20 years and there was a kind of cliff that it fell off about 16, 18 years ago and it has been low ever since.    So that doesn't necessarily indicate that the Dodd-Frank Act itself somehow created some new problem. It has just been a problem for a while. We also were interested in getting more data on this and we worked with Vanderbilt and 21st Century to get data from them.    We had a little bit of a problem importing the data, but we now have it and we are able to dig into it and see what more is going on. So, to the extent that HOEPA itself is constraining this market.    That is worth us thinking about. At the same time, as I say it, is a longer trajectory here that doesn't suggest that it is Dodd-Frank in particular that is causing the problem, so I think that is worth everybody thinking about as well.    In terms of whether we should take some particular action, we will look again at the legislation you have introduced, but I don't know what is the right answer for us here.    Mr. Cordray. It actually is quite accurate and it is up-to-date daily information. But our concern is that we found through extensive looking at this that consumers don't shop for mortgages; they shop for houses, but they don't shop for mortgages.    They could save a lot of money if they did shop for mortgages. What we are doing here is not unique. Google is now coming into this market with a tool--    Mr. Cordray. It is the same information lenders themselves have, the same databases they are using.    It is accurate information. I don't think that is--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. And these are all things that have been suggested to us, particularly by MBA, and we are looking at and thinking about, but at the same time, others are coming to this--into this space. Google now has a tool. That is a rate comparison tool. There were at least a couple of others in a story I saw today.    Mr. Cordray. Got it. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. Right.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I think we take all student loan complaints. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. People don't often distinguish very easily in their minds, so yes.    Mr. Cordray. I think we get a lot of complaints on all types of student loans.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. I don't know exactly how many. It is definitely in the thousands and probably not in--not above 20,000. So yes, it is--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. We learn a lot from consumer complaints. It is something that we really pay close attention to because it is really the voice of your constituents telling us about their concerns in the marketplace or where they think they have been mistreated.    A lot of what we hear about student loans has to do with people expressing a lot of regret. They didn't appreciate what they were getting into or what their rights were and they don't know what their rights are or what they can do about dealing with the debt and they are struggling to repay it.    There are problems with student loan servicing, so that they are not getting the right information or the payments aren't being allocated properly or sometimes they are being allocated not to the highest cost loan, but something else which isn't what a consumer would intend.    So we hear a great deal from them. And that is informing our approach to this, and one of the things we realized is people just don't know enough about what their rights and opportunities are with student loans and repaying student loans and getting into debt.    That has led to our Paying for College tool. It is on our Web site. I encourage you to spotlight it with all of your constituents, if somebody and some family for the first time in their life is thinking about, how do I send my kid to college?    How do I compare different offers from different schools, what might be the best value? This will help people work through that process which otherwise can be pretty intimidating for people the first time around. So those are all things that we are working on.    Mr. Cordray. It is growing, I think as people become more aware that that is an avenue over time.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Look, I can spend my whole life meeting with advisory councils and we cover so many markets that I wouldn't want to have too many of them. But it was pretty clear to me that community banks and credit unions are not only pretty important, they were going to be largely outside of our view, the smaller ones. And they deal with a great deal of products, so there is a lot of input to get as they do deal with mortgages, they deal with student loans, they deal with auto loans. They deal with, you name it, everything that depository institutions do.    Now, whether we would want to have too many more advisory councils, it is very time-consuming to have people come and meet with us. We spend--I spend the whole day with them. We spend time with them in between meetings hearing from them and getting their thoughts.    I would not want to do too many of those. But at the same time, as long as I am there, we are going to continue with the community bank advisory council and the credit union advisory council because they have shown their worth and I think they have been very valuable to us.    And they have improved their--    Mr. Cordray. Could I have just 10 seconds?    Mr. Cordray. No, no. We put out a proposal on that and we have gotten comment back that it is too narrow. It may not be sufficient, but it is something we are thinking hard about. As I said, I used to do a hundred a year when I was Ohio attorney general. I don't know if we struck the right balance here. We are going to think more about it.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. On prepaid cards?    Mr. Cordray. We have tried to do a couple of things. First, recognize that with prepaid cards there is packaging and there is limited real-estate there. So--    Mr. Cordray. Whatever fits on the packaging and that is not a whole lot. And then the rest will be on the inside and people may never really see that because they typically will have bought the card before they ever get to the inside packaging.    So, the key things, in terms of fees and charges and the like and certain protections are on that outside. We have several model forms that people have been able to give us feedback on.    Mr. Cordray. It is very little room. There is not a lot of disclosure there, at least on the outside packaging.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. We are not really--we are not mandating a whole lot of that. Most of these disclosures are institutions doing it themselves for their own legal protection. It is not required by the agency.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. It is all in our proposed rule, specifically what is being required and then everything else is being added by the companies themselves.    Mr. Cordray. State law can matter. That is possible. What I am saying is on prepaid cards, the number of disclosures is going to be pretty limited on the outside of packaging which to me is what matters most, because that is what people are going to see before they actually decide which card to purchase. That is where we are really focused on that.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. No.    Mr. Cordray. I want to be really clear. On the prepaid cards, the amount of disclosures that people will have before they decide which card to buy are going to be very limited. There is limited real estate there and we have been very careful about what is on there and what is not.    It is a real boiled-down summary of the key terms of the product. I think it is in line with what you are saying in terms of making it accessible and understandable for people.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. And one of the things I would say is we started off as an agency from nothing in 2011 and we have been an agency over the last 3\1/2\ years.    Mr. Cordray. We had--    Mr. Cordray. Yes--we have had to contract for a lot of services as we have been building out our own personnel, so?    Mr. Cordray. It has to do with all of the apparatus of running an organization. It can range from things like human capital to finances to technology and infrastructure. There is a lot that--    Mr. Cordray. Actually, I don't know offhand exactly what document you are referring to or what the definition of that term would be, but I would be happy to work with your staff to make sure you get--    Mr. Cordray. Okay. If you will show us, we will work with your staff and if we understand the document and what the--what we are saying, we will try to make it clear to you.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I really would not know the answer to that question. Not that I know of, but I don't know.    Mr. Cordray. There are the same statutes and rules and we have our own provisions in terms of people potentially being able to go out and engage in a conflict of interest with their former employment for a period of time.    The same as you would have in the Congress I imagine, maybe it is somewhat different for a Congressman, I don't know. But, yes, we are careful about that.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. And we have been very careful to observe that line, very careful.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. We have been very careful and--we didn't even talk to auto dealers at all until they came to us and wanted to talk to us a bit about this whole marketplace. So I think we have been--we have not brought any enforcement actions against auto dealers other than Buy Here Pay Here, which is within our statute.    We don't supervise any of them and we recognize the jurisdiction there lies, as you say, with the FTC, the DOJ and of course, as you say, with the States.    Mr. Cordray. We work closely with the Justice Department in the area of enforcing the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and that applies to auto lenders, not other auto dealers, where we do have a responsibility. And I think there is quite a bit of coordination there, yes.    Mr. Cordray. I know that we have pretty constant communication with the Justice Department. We, as you no doubt have seen, have taken joint enforcement action with the Justice Department in this area.    I believe we have also had coordination and consultation with the FTC, what exactly would have happened when that came out, I don't recall offhand now. But I know there has been discussion back and forth about these issues, recognizing that our jurisdiction is limited and others have jurisdiction that we don't.    Mr. Cordray. I just want to be really clear on this. As I understand that statute, and we have looked at it very carefully, we have a responsibility and we have jurisdiction over auto lenders. We do not have responsibility and we do not have jurisdiction over auto dealers.    To the extent that they are combining with each other, we still are responsible for governing auto lenders and their compliance with the law and we will continue to do that, and I think we have to do that vigorously.    So beyond that, we have tried to be very mindful of the jurisdictional issues here but the notion that we have a responsibility to auto lenders it may have some effect on auto dealers but that is the way the statute was written. That is how I have to enforce the law.    If Congress changes the statute, then of course I will follow the statute, as Congress might change it.    Mr. Cordray. It is about 1,400, yes.    Mr. Cordray. With the exception that if it is a business loan, a convenience store, you said adding on the convenience store we have consumer--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. I would say that we affect--in America, yes--    Mr. Cordray. Consumers don't get ripped off.    Mr. Cordray. And confirmed by the Senate--    Mr. Cordray. It took me a while--    Mr. Cordray. I do not have a board of directors--    Mr. Cordray. Not correct.    Mr. Cordray. Not correct.    Mr. Cordray. We are like every other banking agency in the Federal Government where we are not appropriated, but we are subject to oversight--    Mr. Cordray. We are doing it right now.    Mr. Cordray. Hold on. Hold on. Do you want the oversight?    Mr. Cordray. The GAO audits our finances annually. We have an independent audit by statute. We have an Inspector General who looks at us carefully. I testify in front of this committee twice a year--    Mr. Cordray. I do a briefing with the House Appropriations--    Mr. Cordray. Do you want me to answer the question or not answer it?    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. So I think you got a number of things wrong. And by the way I was the State treasurer in Ohio and I represented frugal people, just as frugal as the people that you were talking about on the Maine north shore--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, so. Number one, it is apples and oranges to talk about spending $215 million. The core construction costs as we have said all along are in the range of $95 million to $100 million--    Mr. Cordray. I am trying to answer your question. Am I going to answer your question or not?    Mr. Cordray. Okay. Number one, we are not spending $216 million to renovate a building. It is less than half that, okay. So that is the apples and oranges difference.    Second--    Mr. Cordray. Second, the government owns this building. And we got a break on our rent where we are going to pay Class C rent for the next 30 years to take into account the renovation cost. And overall, it is a market deal, okay. So it is sensible.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. That is exactly what we are doing.    Mr. Cordray. That is exactly what we are doing. Okay. So it is not a criticism what we are doing that is what we are doing and you tell me and I will be interested to know which banks in Maine have more--less than $2 billion in assets and make more than 2,000 mortgage loans a year, not counting anything they keep in portfolio. Those are all--those are given special treatment under our rule.    Mr. Cordray. That is right. You tell me which bank in Maine is not exempt under our proposed rule. I would be interested to know. I believe there are very few, if any--    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. But so do we.    Mr. Cordray. In the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, both the Justice Department and the CFPB have enforcement authority there over lenders. As I see it, we have a responsibility. Congress told us we have that responsibility. We do not have authority over dealers and we have been careful not to exercise that.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. I don't think so. We have been very, very careful--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. I got it. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. That would be one of the ways in which this issue could be resolved but we have come to understand that is by far not the only way.    We have been open to other suggestions, and people can have a compliance management system that feels to me pretty onerous and burdensome. I do think that when the customer comes in to a dealership and the dealer gets a buy rate for the customer and then marks it up without the customer having any idea what is going on, or why that is happening, that is problematic.    And the Justice Department and we both believe that this has caused a certain amount of discrimination in the market. It is something that should be addressed. But a flat fee is not the only approach. I think there are a number of possible approaches and we have talked to lenders extensively about this. And to the extent that dealers have wanted to talk to us about it, we have listened to them as well. But, then no, that is not the only means by which this can be addressed.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I understand that.    Mr. Cordray. Thank you.    Mr. Cordray. The Office of Thrift Supervision was completely extinguished.    Mr. Cordray. Well, yes.    Mr. Cordray. All right.    Mr. Cordray. That is the cap, but we are not spending at that level.    Mr. Cordray. We are more in the 500 range based on last year, it is 498, I believe.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, although I don't--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, I don't think that is a good way to look at it. As I said, 3 years ago when we started from scratch we had no employees and we had to basically contract for many services, all of our IT, all of our HR, all of our budgeting and all of our structure.    Over time we have started to move toward our own employees doing things and less dependence on Treasury and outside contractors, but it is still the case that the total work of the agency goes beyond the number of full-time employees that we have. So I don't think that is yet a right average. In a few years, it will be a fair average.    Mr. Cordray. Yes. And I will say that I don't have a lot of background in the Federal Government. I came here from State and local government in the private sector in Ohio.    And salaries are higher in the Federal Government, they are higher in the banking agencies, and my understanding is the reason for that is to compete against the financial industry for good people.    But in our case, we are constrained by law, the Congress set this and it is the framework we have to operate in. We are required to have salaries that are comparable to those of the Federal Reserve.    I am obliged by law to do that whether I think that is right or not right. That is what we are trying to do to carry out the law that is in our statute.    Mr. Cordray. I would not.    Mr. Cordray. None of the banking agencies, as I understand it, are appropriated. And the cautionary tale here is the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight which up until 2008, was supposed to be overseeing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as I understand it, this history that has been described to me, had so much political power that they were able to constrain their regulator and the regulator didn't rein them in.    And in 2008, the new statute was passed to create the FHFA and one of the major changes that was made was to make FHFA not appropriated in order to give it the independence so that it could ride herd on the GSEs.    And that was the Congress' judgment and if that is the judgment, then the same logic should apply here.    Mr. Cordray. Look, I don't know all the ins and outs of why agencies are as they are, that thing has been around since the 1930s and I assume that judgment was made at that time and I don't really know what to say about it.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Sixty or sixteen?    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I haven't been a banker, but I have been a county and State treasurer and I worked closely with large and small banks in central Ohio.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know the answer to that, but none of them are from the CFPB. So, it has nothing to do with my agency. We don't examine any banks with less than $10 billion in assets.    Mr. Cordray. So that wouldn't be us.    Mr. Cordray. I am sympathetic to that point of view.    Mr. Cordray. That is the FSOC, the council, I am one member of the council.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. I'm sorry, what was the question?    Mr. Cordray. Look, that may be--the council worked on that, on that process of the designation which was an extensive process over, I believe, a year or more period.    There is extensive analysis done to try to determine whether the statutory requirements are met. You may disagree that was the right answer. I understand they are now suing and that will be carried forward in the court and they will make a judgment on it.    Mr. Cordray. We try to minimize that as much as possible, but when you see it, please point it out to us.    Mr. Cordray. What we have done here is we have created a provision to cover small creditors, small lenders, and it is 95, maybe 98 percent of community banks and credits unions.    If you simply extend that logic to anyone, you are losing the concept of small and you are potentially taking into account folks like Washington Mutual and Countrywide who in the height of the lead-up to the financial crisis were making hundreds of thousands of loans, keeping them in portfolio and then they blew up the whole system.    Mr. Cordray. That keeping it small keeps it safer.    Mr. Cordray. No, I don't think that is the way the rule works. The way the rule works is anything that can be sold to Fannie or Freddie counts as a Qualified Mortgage even if it is above the 43 debt-to-income ratio.    Mr. Cordray. No, we deliberately wrote that--to provide that QM applies to those mortgages.    Mr. Cordray. That might be and I will say that the Washington Mutual and Countrywide fiascos which flagrantly blew up our system are a cautionary tale that even shareholder or investor protection is--it has to be looked at carefully.    Mr. Cordray. I actually agree with you very much on that. I think there is a lot of room for coordination between ourselves and FHFA. We are meeting much more regularly with them.    Mr. Cordray. And even with HUD and--    Mr. Cordray. We get those every week on our tell-your-story function from all over the country. That is why we want to preserve access to credit here, but not with consumers caught in a debt trap, which happens to many of them. It doesn't sound like that happened in this particular instance, but it often occurs to others.    Mr. Cordray. Thanks.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Sure.    Mr. Cordray. What do you mean carrying the payments back?    Mr. Cordray. I see. So I actually--    Mr. Cordray. I actually sell that property but act as a lender for some period of time before--    Mr. Cordray. All right.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, I see.    Mr. Cordray. My understanding of this--and I am happy to have our staff talk to your staff and clarify it further--is there is a line that has to be drawn at some point as to whether somebody is sort of selling their own home or whether they are becoming an actual lender.    And if you are selling once or twice in a year, that is fine--    Mr. Cordray. But at some point, you become a lender if you are rolling houses--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, yes. Whether the lines are in the right place--    Mr. Cordray. I will tell you what. We will be glad to talk further with you and to understand some of the details of these concerns or meet with people that you want to talk to us about it and understand whether--just as we talked before about, this is a mess too.    Mr. Cordray. Think triple-deckers, whether we--    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. All right.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. At least three in the last month.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I want to think carefully about that. A lot of them have rates, but they may or may not be accurate or current.    Some of them are acting as lead generators just to acquire customers.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, when--    Mr. Cordray. Yes, we will keep an eye on that as we go. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, yes.    Mr. Cordray. That is a very good point. And actually banks and credit unions may be the low-cost providers here, and I would like to think that they could present a suitable product. They don't seem to be doing so right now.    But you made several good points. I am trying to get all my notes down here.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, we don't agree with the conclusions with the report and we have looked at it fairly carefully.    Mr. Cordray. We actually sat down and had a discussion with the folks from Charles River and the sponsors of the study to both discuss the study and be presented with the results. We have looked at the results pretty carefully. We don't find some obligation to respond to studies out there all the time in all aspects of our work.    But as we always will do with any kind of analysis of data, we have looked carefully at it to think about what it might mean for our program. And that is where we are at this point.    Mr. Cordray. I think we are still looking at and thinking about that study, but I don't know whether we are going to make any changes, not at this point.    Mr. Cordray. I don't want to try to turn it into some subjective judgment. The people who work on this stuff are more expert than I. I think we disagree with the results of the study is what I would just say.    Mr. Cordray. I don't think that is an accurate picture of where the fund stands and where it is going. I actually think it is a success story that you will appreciate. First of all, we are merely following our statute. Our statute says that we would have a civil penalty fund. A couple of other agencies under Dodd-Frank also have civil penalty funds. The statute specifies what the money is used for--    Mr. Cordray. At this point, what I would say is, we have collected close to $200 million in civil money penalties over the life of the agency.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, at this point, yes, what I will say is, about $180 million of it now is allocated toward compensating uncompensated victims. So the vast majority, above 90 percent, is going for that purpose.    Mr. Cordray. I beg your pardon?    Mr. Cordray. I can get you those numbers. But it is allocated and then it is a matter of getting it to victims. And sometimes it is easy and sometimes it is--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. We have the numbers, but what I will say is that it is allocated.    Mr. Cordray. We have identified specific cases for which it will go to victims and then sometimes--    Mr. Cordray. Yes. Sometimes, that takes some effort. I will give you an example, okay? We have a case of essentially rampant fraud against a particular defendant and there was no money available to pay those victims. So that money to these victims will be paid out of the fund. But the paperwork at this fraudulent entity is pretty sloppy, as you might imagine.    So figuring it out is hard--    Mr. Cordray. It takes some time and effort.    Mr. Cordray. Very little, and in fact in terms of consumer education, there is only one project that has been approved. So it is less than 10 percent of the funds. And it is going to transitioning veterans, financial education for transitioning veterans back into society and other vulnerable populations. So I think it is a good program.    Mr. Cordray. Absolutely.    Mr. Cordray. Absolutely.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Sure.    Mr. Cordray. It is not an easy question to answer. This decision occurred before I became the Director of the Bureau and it is a decision that I have since reaffirmed and I think is an appropriate decision, and I think economically and financially, it is an appropriate decision.    So, you can continue to ask that question, but I don't really see what is accomplished--    Mr. Cordray. What I would say is this, there were different people in the position of setting up the Bureau at different times.    Mr. Cordray. But the--    Mr. Cordray. No. What I am saying is for the first year, the Bureau did not exist; it was part of Treasury. So exactly whether there are people in Treasury who contributed to that decision because they actually were in charge, not Elizabeth Warren and not Raj Date--    Mr. Cordray. I am just saying it is not an easy question to answer.    Mr. Cordray. Because the Bureau didn't even exist. It was Treasury who was in charge of all Bureau operations--    Mr. Cordray. I didn't say that.    Mr. Cordray. No. There are lots of records on this including my reaffirmation of the decision--    Mr. Cordray. And why does it matter to you?    Mr. Cordray. No, it is not $215 million.    Mr. Cordray. That is not correct. It is not $215 million. It is between $95--    Mr. Cordray. We do--I do support that proposal which I think will help protect consumers against fraudulent investment advice and conflicts of interest.    Mr. Cordray. And we are required by this Congress to have an Office of Older Americans, which one of its first assignments was to do a report on financial investors for seniors and their credentials and make sure that those were not being misrepresented to consumers, and we have done considerable work to protect older American since. That is--    Mr. Cordray. --statutory.    Mr. Cordray. Actually, I don't think that is what it says. What it says is we can work on regulations in conjunction with the Department of Labor and the Department of Treasury. That is what it actually says in Section 1027(g).    Mr. Cordray. Yes, I know exactly what it says. I have looked at it very carefully.    Mr. Cordray. Okay, so again, going back, there are a number of different provisions in the statute. One of them required our Office of Older Americans to do a study--the Bureau to do a study and report to Congress, to you on investor credentials for senior financial advice to help protect consumers in that area. That goes beyond just financial education.    Mr. Cordray. And reverse mortgages.    Mr. Cordray. And reverse mortgages, required to do another--Congress on reverse mortgages that we had--    Mr. Cordray. Sure.    Mr. Cordray. No, not correct.    Mr. Cordray. Dodd-Frank was passed in July of 2010.    Mr. Cordray. You do.    Mr. Cordray. You do, because it was passed in July 2010.    Mr. Cordray. And for the first year the Bureau did not exist.    Mr. Cordray. Okay, during the first year we existed, Treasury was--    Mr. Cordray. Now or then?    Mr. Cordray. Okay, then. It was part of Treasury. Treasury was running our operations.    Mr. Cordray. That is quite possible. That is why I say I can't be sure. I can't say that it was one of the--    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Correct.    Mr. Cordray. Absolutely correct.    Mr. Cordray. That is correct.    Mr. Cordray. Absolutely.    Mr. Cordray. What we can know is what happens to consumers over time. We have done two extensive studies, the most extensive studies ever done on the subject with considerable data. And what we found is that the vast majority of payday loans are made to people who roll them over 6, 8, 10 times.    Mr. Cordray. And they end up paying more in cost, far more in cost than--    Mr. Cordray. That is fine.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. One way, one possible way would be by trying to determine your ability to repay. That would be one way to do it. It wouldn't be foolproof, but it would be the kind of underwriting we do for many other kinds of loans in our society, some of which--    Mr. Cordray. --get turned down and some of which get approved.    Mr. Cordray. That is kind of a general question. What I have said consistently is, we can't make consumers' decisions for them. They have to decide for themselves. What we can do is try to protect consumers in the marketplace so that they are not taken advantage of.    Mr. Cordray. And Congress did that with all kinds of mortgage products like no-doc loans and liar loans and teaser rates--    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. And may not be adequately disclosed to the consumer so that they are tricked by it.    Mr. Cordray. No, no. But going up if it is fully disclosed and the consumer goes in with eyes wide open is one thing. A teaser rate that is going to jump up based on an arbitrary finding and so forth--    Mr. Cordray. No, not at all. No. That can be a very good product. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. You mean State government lotteries?    Mr. Cordray. No, I do not.    Mr. Cordray. Under our statute, we have no authority to enforce against other government agencies--    Mr. Cordray. I'm sorry. So you want me to enforce the law against banks who are engaged in a perfectly legal enterprise under State law of the lottery?    Mr. Cordray. I am not sure what other areas you are talking about?    Mr. Cordray. We do have jurisdiction to pursue auto lenders. It is clear on our statute. We do not have jurisdiction for auto dealers. We have carefully walked that line, tried hard to carefully walk that line. I don't see how your example applies.    Mr. Cordray. It may be perpetual. I may be here tomorrow. We will see.    Mr. Cordray. I don't know if that panel has been finalized yet in terms of exactly who is on it and who is not.    Mr. Cordray. We did. We had one in Miami on student loan issues.    Mr. Cordray. By the way, we were also going to have one in Tampa on mortgage issues.    Mr. Cordray. And it got canceled by a hurricane 2 years ago.    Mr. Cordray. Yes, actually--and since you raise that--because I have actually become friendly and know pretty well your banking superintendent, Drew Breakspear, who is first rate.    Mr. Cordray. When we did our first White Paper on payday lending, he had his office do a similar analysis based on their data about how things were in Florida and shared that report with me.    Mr. Cordray. And I shared it with our folks.    Mr. Cordray. Yes.    Mr. Cordray. I want to be careful about not trying to purport to speak for FSOC. I am not the--    Mr. Cordray. What I think has been publicly stated is that there is more research and analysis going on into those issues and in forums like that.    Mr. Cordray. I would agree with that, but I do think that the designation process that the FSOC has followed has been pretty careful and thorough and comprehensive to date.    Mr. Cordray. The FSOC is working on that.    Mr. Cordray. There are new proposals for it.    Mr. Cordray. I do agree with you on that. But, yes.    Mr. Cordray. It is actually pretty sophisticated now. Early on it wasn't because we were just building up and we didn't have these things in place, but some very impressive people have worked on this.    It is a risk-based system. It depends on things like market size, market penetration, if it is an individual product line, what that size is, is it a risk and harm to consumers--    Mr. Cordray. You build market research--yes, I wouldn't say--it is full of--not necessarily entirely science, but that is how we try to prioritize the things that should be prioritized.    Mr. Cordray. Like a penalty or something?    Mr. Cordray. Yes. We have a statutory range of penalties depending on how serious a violation is and whether it is knowing or whether it was--    Mr. Cordray. Okay, right. Thanks. Sure.    Mr. Cordray. Sure.    Mr. Cordray. All right.    Mr. Cordray. You are talking about the most recent semi-annual report?    Mr. Cordray. I don't know if that would have been relevant to that period. The money was actually allocated for that purpose 2 fiscal years ago.    Mr. Cordray. But we have budget documents on our Web site and we put them out every quarter. We have responded to numerous document requests and other things from this committee. I would be happy to get you whatever you want on any of that to make sure that is clear to you.    Mr. Cordray. Spent to date on what?    Mr. Cordray. On building renovations, I believe we allocated approximately $120 million. It is in that range. I will get the specific numbers for you. Just to cover actual construction cost estimated and contingencies that have to be held that may or may not be spent based on how--    Mr. Cordray. To have a reasonably decent place for employees to work, absolutely.    Mr. Cordray. GSA, who are the experts on this, tell us it comes in at about $250 per square foot, which is well within the range of reasonableness for this--    Mr. Cordray. None that we have found. And I would say at this point we have bid out the construction contract. It has been awarded through a fair and competitive bid and we are well down the road on this.    Mr. Cordray. Imagine that we would have reversed course now, that would be very wasteful.    Mr. Cordray. What do you mean found something cheaper?    Mr. Cordray. Any input you want to give us I am happy to have. But at this point we have already--    Mr. Cordray. Look, we have already entered into a construction contract.    Mr. Cordray. The notion that we would abandon this project based on something that you tell me you just found could be very wasteful of taxpayer money at this point.    Mr. Cordray. What is his name?    Mr. Cordray. Rick Wallis, I will call him and talk to him.    Mr. Cordray. Okay. I would like to know his specifics and I will be glad to reach out and talk to him.    Mr. Cordray. And I will give your office a readout on what we find.    Mr. Cordray. Okay.    Mr. Cordray. I'm sorry--    Mr. Cordray. Could you spell the bank name; it sounded kind of complicated?    Mr. Cordray. All right. That is fine. We will get it. All right.