    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for holding this hearing. I think that this is something that you have been championing for the 4 years I have been in Congress, and I really applaud you for the efforts of trying to get better attention on serious mental illness. So congratulations on continuing to move this.    But, Ms. Kohn, I have a question of you, if you could. You heard a lot of the testimony. I saw you studying those charts that showed the mortality rate dropping, and we have heard some folks here explain how they really are making progress. That is the spin of Washington.    So my question is, based on what you have heard, what you have studied, do you believe that HHS and SAMHSA have done everything they can to reduce the chance of duplication, and in particular, really supporting mental illness in this country? Do you think they are doing everything they can?    Mr. McKinley. OK, thank you.    Mr. McKinley. Ms. Hyde, you appeared at this committee back in 2013, and you acknowledged apparently during that, I wasn't on the committee at the time, that some of the organizations that SAMHSA is funding may be running programs or expressing opinions that are at odds with SAMHSA. Is that still accurate?    Mr. McKinley. But are you funding agencies that--for example, one was apparently cited during that meeting that you were funding a group that encouraged individuals with serious mental illness to experiment going off their doctor-prescribed medicines.    Mr. McKinley. But----    Mr. McKinley. But you are funding the National Coalition of Mental Health Recovery. Dr. Fischer has put out articles about how it is designed to help people--in their literature, their newsletter, how to come off their psychiatric medicine on their own. So----    Mr. McKinley. I am sorry, but----    Mr. McKinley . You funded it to $330,000.    Mr. McKinley. Well, I saw you make fun of the other--so I guess I need to get--because I saw your look, and I may be deaf but I can read body language and I saw your disgust with the question asked earlier. So I am concerned that you are funding some of these programs, and I hope that you will be more cognizant, more careful about the agencies that you are funding.    I am curious about one other that I haven't seen. Is SAMHSA taking a position on the--I guess it is the medical use or maybe just the use of marijuana for relieving anxiety? Has SAMHSA taken a position on whether or not marijuana is a drug that might help people with mental illness?    Mr. McKinley. OK, but I am just staying with marijuana----    Mr. McKinley . That the epidemiological studies have indicated that there is beyond a doubt that the marijuana use increases the risk of schizophrenia. Do you agree with that report that I have a copy of here?    Mr. McKinley. So do you fund----    Mr. McKinley. Do you fund--we have such short time. You know the game here. Do you fund any organization that supports the use of marijuana as a treatment?    Mr. McKinley. Could you get back to me on that----    Mr. McKinley . Please?    Mr. McKinley. OK, in the time frame that I have----    Mr. McKinley . Dr. Frank----    Mr. McKinley. Dr. Frank, if you could, please, last week we had on a meeting here about the influenza and the vaccines, do you know of any group that the HHS is funding along the same line of reasoning, any group that we are funding that is advocating not using vaccines?    Mr. McKinley. You understand the question?    Mr. McKinley. Yes, OK. If you could please.    Mr. McKinley. It would make a lot of----    Mr. McKinley. OK, if you could get back to us and----    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much. I----