    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am more familiar with the VA health care system--I have been on the VA Committee for 3 years and on this committee for almost a year--than I am the TRICARE and DOD system. But you mentioned something that caught my attention because we have heard it so often on the VA side, which is access standards and accuracy in measuring access standards.    In the VA it was wait times. And, you know, we were told with all certainty by the VA 2 years ago that we were seeing everybody within 14 days, and there was a--the infamous wait-time scandal in Phoenix.    So I would love for you to expand on that a little bit and tell me what your members are seeing, or what the concerns are, or what your recommendations are for assuring that we are meeting the standards and that we are measuring those accurately.    In our case in El Paso we bypassed the VA and just asked veterans directly and did a survey of veterans in El Paso to find out what their real wait times were. And instead of 14 days we found for primary care it was 81 days on average; for mental health care, 74 days.    So that, and then the second question for you and then anyone else who would like to address it, one of the MCRMC's recommendations was having greater interoperability between VA and DOD. And there is the DOD/VA Joint Executive Committee to standardize and enforce collaboration, so any thoughts on that would be appreciated.    And I will start with you, Ms. Raezer.    Mr. O'Rourke. Too many different systems.    Mr. O'Rourke. Admiral Ryan.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes.    Unfortunately I am out of time, but I would love to get your thoughts either offline or on the record.    And with that, I'll yield back to the chair. Thank you.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Ryan, I just want to tell you that your comments are spot on in terms of the need to force interoperability between DOD and VA And it is really encouraging, actually, the anecdote that you told us of the President calling in the two secretaries responsible, and yet deeply disheartening that as we enter the final year of his term nothing's happened. And he really is the only person who can referee this dispute.    But I would love to join my colleagues on this committee to do everything we can from a legislative perspective to try to force this. However, as you probably know, that there has been legislation requiring this, mandating it, that the administration, for lack of a better word, has just refused to implement.    And there is no excuse for it. And it is, in your words, very embarrassing. And the consequence is that you have wasted taxpayer resources and you're not maximizing the health systems--the two largest health systems in this country.    And just one last anecdote: We had a hearing on this with the Government Oversight Committee couple months back and the excuse from DOD's perspective for not doing this is that their systems need to work on a submarine, which, you know, to me makes no sense. We can have it work on a submarine; we can have it work in a VA clinic.    But, Mr. Bousum, you didn't get a chance to answer that question on access and interoperability between DOD and VA and where you see some opportunities, so I'd love to give you a chance to respond.    Mr. O'Rourke. Let me ask Ms. Raezer a question, and this is slightly dangerous because it is based on anecdote. But my sister is an ER nurse in El Paso, and we have William Beaumont Army Medical Center, which is an excellent Army medical center, and they are just completing a $1 billion new William Beaumont Army Medical Center 9 miles east. And she said it really struck her the number of military families who showed up at the ER to get primary care for non-emergencies that I assume TRICARE is paying for, despite there being a world-class Army medical facility on base.    Any thoughts on that, in terms of reforms that could address that? If true, it doesn't seem like, perhaps, the best use of resources and love to get your thoughts.    Mr. O'Rourke. So it is the access----    Mr. O'Rourke. That makes sense. And great questions for me to ask of William Beaumont, in terms of their hours and availability.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.