    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. And I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you about recent cyber incidents affecting Federal agencies.    I would like to start by highlighting a very important point, which has been mentioned already and of which I am sure you are aware. Both state and non-state actors who are well financed, highly motivated, and persistent are attempting to breach both government and non-government systems every day, and these attempts are not going away. They will continue to accelerate on two fronts, first, the attacks will become more sophisticated and, second, as we remediate and strengthen our own practices, our detection capabilities will improve. But that means we have to be as nimble, as aggressive, and as well-resourced as those who are trying to break into our systems.    Confronting cybersecurity threats on a continuous basis is our Nation's new reality, a reality that I faced in the private sector and am continuing to see here in my new role as Federal Chief Information Officer.    As Federal CIO, I lead the Office of Management and Budget's Office of E-Government and Information Technology. My office is responsible for developing and overseeing the implementation of Federal information technology policy. And even though my team has a variety of responsibilities, I will focus today's remarks on cybersecurity.    Under the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, most of us know this as FISMA, OMB is responsible for Federal information security oversight and policy issuance. OMB executes its responsibilities in close coordination with its Federal cybersecurity partners, including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Commerce National Institute of Standards and Technology.    As I mentioned in front of this committee in April, OMB also recently announced the creation of the first ever dedicated cybersecurity unit within my office. This is the team that is behind the work articulated in the fiscal year 2014 FISMA report which highlighted both the successes and challenges facing Federal agencies' cybersecurity programs.    In fiscal year 2015, the E-Gov Cyber Unit is targeting oversight through CyberStat reviews, prioritizing agencies with high risk factors as determined by cybersecurity performance and incident data. My colleagues will fully address the recent cyber incidents affecting the Office of Personnel Management, known as OPM.    In terms of the role of OMB, my office monitors very closely all reports of incidents affecting Federal networks and systems. We use these reports to look for trends and patterns, as well as for areas where our government-wide processes, policies, and practices can be strengthened. We then update our guidance and coordinate with other agencies to ensure that that guidance is implemented.    As you heard from me last week, the recently-passed Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, known as FITARA, and our guidance associated with that legislation strengthens the role of the CIO in agency cybersecurity.    In this case, OPM notified OMB in April 2015 of an incident affecting data in transit in its network. OPM reported that they were working closely with various government agencies on a comprehensive investigation and response to this incident. We have been actively monitoring the situation and have engaged in making sure that there is a government-wide response to the events that OPM.    To further improve Federal cybersecurity infrastructure and to protect systems against these evolving threats, OMB launched a 30-day Cybersecurity Sprint last week. The Sprint will focus on two areas: first, an interagency team is creating a set of action plans and strategies to further address critical cybersecurity priorities; second, agencies were directed to accelerate efforts to deploy threat indicators, patch critical vulnerabilities, and tighten policies and practices for privileged users, and to dramatically accelerate implementation of multi-factor authentication.    In closing, I want to underscore a critical point I made at the beginning of this testimony: both State and non-State actors are attempting to breach government and non-government systems in a very aggressive way. It is not going to go away, and we are going to see more of it. Ensuring the security of information on Federal Government networks and systems will remain a core focus of the Administration as we move aggressively to implement innovative protections and response to new challenges as they arise. In addition to the actions we are taking, we also look forward to working with Congress on legislative actions that may further protect our Nation's critical networks and systems.    I thank the committee for holding this hearing and for your commitment to improving Federal cybersecurity. I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Scott. Thank you for the question.    I think there are a number of things that I would point to in addition to the measures that you just talked about. The first one is to share across the Federal Government not only the lessons learned from OPM, but what we see from other attacks, whether successful or not, private and public, and make sure that all agencies are up to speed with the latest information on the methods of attack, the tools that are used, and so on.    Mr. Scott. It has been historically. The ability for the Government and the private sector to share information has been a hindrance in our ability to thwart these things.    But I will say that the specific measure that you mentioned, the segmentation and zero trust, is something that is more easily applied to very modern architectures. It is not as easily applied to some of the oldest and old legacy systems that we have. And I think that is going to be a challenge for all agencies where the architecture itself just doesn't lend itself to the application of certain technologies.    The best answer, I think, in terms of what we have and where we go is a model that we are promoting and encouraging across the agencies, which is defense in depth. It is a number of different measures to that if one thing doesn't work, you have the next layer that helps; and if that doesn't work, you have the next layer. And zero trust is applicable in some of those environments and, frankly, is very difficult or impossible to apply in others.    Mr. Scott. I would say years and years comprehensively. But one of the things that we are working on right now is prioritizing based on the highest value assets that the Federal Government has so that we are going after the most valuable stuff first and make sure that is protected the best way we can.    Mr. Scott. Sure. Well, thank you for the question.    So we are conducting regular CyberStat reviews with each of the agencies, and it is along the key lines of many of the topics we have talked about here: two-factor patching, minimizing the number of system administrators; all of the I will call hygiene factors that we think lead to good cybersecurity.    Mr. Scott. We would be happy to do so. Thank you.    Mr. Scott. I think those recommendations are great, and there are a number of other things as well, some of which I have talked about today. I think the one point I would make is there is no one measure that you could say that is going to prevent all attacks or even prevent an attack. It is really defense in depth is your best measure, and that is what we are really looking at emphasizing.    Mr. Scott. Yes. I think as my colleague, Anne Rung, and I testified last week, we also are strengthening the Federal contract procurement language and creating contract language that any agency can use as a part of their standard contracts.    Mr. Scott. Sure. I can think of several things in the short run that actually we already have underway, but probably long-term the biggest thing is to double down on replacing these legacy sort of old systems that we have. One of the central problems here is you have old stuff that just was not designed or built in an era when we had these kinds of threats, and it is, in some cases, very, very hard to sort of duct tape and band aid things around these systems.    It doesn't mean there is nothing you can do, but fundamentally it is old architectures that need to be replaced and security needs to be designed into the very fabric of the architecture of the hardware, the software, the networks, the applications. And the faster we can do that, the faster we are on a better road.    Mr. Scott. Well, I think the first thing is we are going to be very transparent with you in terms of the OMB reports in terms of where we are at on that journey as we go through our work over the course of the year. Several of the members of this committee have said they are going to pay very close attention to that, which I encourage.    Mr. Scott. Be happy to.