    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate your candid remarks.    When I visited Iraq in 2011 at the drawdown, and when we exited Iraq, I had two sons over there serving in the United States Army. And it was interesting their take in regards to what occurred just recently with ISIS, and what occurred within Baghdad, and particularly what, Mr. Ambassador, you had mentioned, the fact that we not only left--took our military out that gave, I think, some backbone, at least had some conversations with the Iraqi military, because my sons did some train-up with the Iraqis.    And there was some brigades that were outstanding combat units, and there were others that were terribly lacking. But then when we pulled out the political engagement, it just seems like that was a huge mistake that compounded it because we didn't have troops there to back up, or at least on a training end of it, assist the Iraqis.    I mean, we saw that starting to occur, I think, in Afghanistan. The President has since changed that. And I think you hit on this--and I will get to a question here in a second, but, Mr. Ambassador, I believe that a question was asked whether or not we have a strategy today to both of you.    Do you see us having a coherent strategy today from the President to outlining, A, what we expect to accomplish; and then B, how we are going to accomplish that? Do you see a strategy today that is articulable that we are having a hard time with? Do you see that today with the President?    Ambassador Crocker. I would be just blunt: No, I don't see a comprehensive strategy. And what I was trying to get at in response to Congressman O'Rourke's very good question, you know, maybe it was okay--I don't think it was, but maybe it was--before November 13; it is definitely not okay today. We need that strategy, and the President has to set the course.    Mr. Nugent. And I think that is where we struggle is that the President does have to set that course as Commander in Chief. And particularly, I think where you are seeing all this blowback now in regards to the Syrian refugees, you are seeing--now the Governor, I think, from Maryland just said they don't want them--is because I think that--maybe this is just my feeble brain saying this--is that if we had had a strategy, it might make it more palatable to the American people as to what our strategy is, what we expect it to look like in regards to accepting those Syrian refugees.    Because I hear what you are saying, is that if we absolutely say no, you know, we are going to create some other problems off in the future, whatever. But the American people are going, you know, we don't want them here just because we see no leadership. And they are concerned about--and I heard you talk about thorough vetting of the Syrian refugees.    Now, we sat here when we were talking about the Free Syrian Army and how they are going to train them up and how are they going to vet those folks, and we are going to have to rely upon Saudi Arabia as a vetting process, because we didn't really have the ability to vet within Syria.    So I think, how do we do that? I mean, how do you assure the American people that there is truly--not just words, because the President does a great job with that--but truly believe that they are going to be safe with those that we allow in? And I don't have a problem with refugees. I mean, that is not my issue. But it is how do you make America safer, and how do you convince the American people that you are going to do that?    Ambassador Crocker. I would agree, sir, that the refugee issue has to be woven into a larger whole, and I tried to get at that a bit, saying this step on refugees that gives us leverage with other countries for them to do more to engage them more directly and meaningfully on the broader problem, to establish safe zones, north and south in Syria, so----    Mr. Nugent. And I think you brought up some good ideas on no-fly zone. But I think the difference is in Syria, it would be, I think would be difficult for us just because of the ability for the Assad regime if they saw that as a move to take them out by doing the safe zone. With their ability to strike our aircraft, I would just think that we are going to--we are going to ramp up what this looks like. And now that you have Russia flying there, I just don't know how--maybe we could have done that earlier, but I don't know how that works today.    Ambassador Crocker. Again, part of that larger linked comprehensive discussion. Safe zones, no-fly zones, are linked to the refugee issue, are linked to a weakening, not elimination of Assad, are linked to a degrading of ISIS, are linked to a political push in Iraq. It all has to be sewn together, and that is what I hope we are doing right now.    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate that.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.