    Ms. Templeton-Jones. Good morning, Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Patty Templeton-Jones. I am executive vice president and chief program advocate of Wright National Flood Insurance Company, which is based in Florida and domiciled in Texas. Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Wright National Flood Insurance Company is a Write Your Own flood insurance partner with the NFIP for the Write Your Own Program. WNFIC is the largest writer of flood insurance in the Nation. Wright National Flood Insurance Services, our processing center, is also active in the private flood insurance market growing outside of the NFIP. Wright National Flood is a member of the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, which is composed of nearly 1,000 member companies, including two-thirds of the Write Your Own insurers that partner with the NFIP to administer the National Flood Insurance Program.    My testimony today is provided on behalf of PCI and its nearly 1,000 member companies. Today, I would like to: first, draw your attention to the dramatic increase in private capital available to underwrite flood coverage outside the NFIP; second, underscore the importance of consensus for the long-term reforms needed to provide stability in the NFIP throughout the lengthy transition period necessary for significant market for flood coverage to develop outside the NFIP; third, highlight several key issues policymakers need to consider before any period of transition begins; and finally, suggest several broad categories on which such long-term consensus reforms should focus.    Without question, the biggest change in the flood insurance landscape since Congress last authorized the NFIP is that now, for the first time in a generation, substantial sources of private capital are available and actively interested in writing primary flood insurance coverage. Today, an increasing number of private insurers are planning on entering into the private flood market.    In response, State insurance regulators, like those from Florida and Pennsylvania, are engaging insurers with the intention of fully incorporating flood insurance into the U.S. State system of insurance regulation.    The 48-year-old NFIP has experienced significant turmoil over its history. Program uncertainty and confusion peaked between 2008 and 2012 as the NFIP suffered through a period of more than a dozen short-term program lapses and extensions. Unfortunately, a decade of program uncertainty, lapses, and midstream operational changes have not only caused numerous insurers to leave the Write Your Own Program but have repeatedly disrupted the housing market and caused ripple effects throughout the larger economy.    Developing consensus on long-term reforms, and restructuring and reauthorizing the NFIP well before the September 2017 expiration, is the single most important thing Congress can do to foster certainty in the flood insurance marketplace and encourage the continued development of market-oriented solutions in flood risk management.    The availability and interests of significant sources of private capital to provide primary flood insurance coverage outside the NFIP represents a paradigm shift. It presents the opportunity for a gradual transition toward a flood insurance marketplace in which an increasing share of risk is borne by private capital.    However, the growth of a private primary flood insurance market does not mean the elimination of the need for the NFIP, particularly, as the private market will not be willing to assume all flood risk or be acceptable to all buyers. In advance of any significant transition into the flood insurance market, topics policyholders need to consider are: first, should the NFIP become a national residual market or market of last resort for the substantial number of properties the private market will be unable or unwilling to insure; second, how is the NFIP's mission to encourage the purchase of flood insurance by providing affordable coverage impacted by the growth of the private insurance market; and lastly, how will the NFIP's mapping and flood mitigation functions be funded if policyholders leave the NFIP and purchase private flood insurance?    Detailed in my written testimony are a number of immediate operational reforms that FEMA can take up on its own that the subcommittee may wish to consider in an oversight role. In the immediate term, Congress could and should bolster the development of a robust private flood insurance market by passing the bipartisan and bicameral Ross-Murphy-Heller-Tester Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act of 2015, H.R. 2901. This straightforward legislation addresses post-Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (BW-12) regulatory confusion and provides homeowners greater coverage options in pricing.    In conclusion, PCI and Wright National supports the committee's review of NFIP in consideration of how to encourage additional private participation in flood underwriting and accordingly limit taxpayer risk. We would also suggest that even if the subcommittee and Congress ultimately reshape the marketplace, there will be a necessary long-term transition. Given the NFIP's important role in the lives of so many Americans, it is critical to develop a strong, bipartisan consensus for a stable, long-term reform in advance of the program's 2014 expiration.    I thank the members of the subcommittee for this timely subject: reimagining flood risk management in advance of the November 2017 reauthorization of the NFIP. I am happy to address any questions, and I look forward to working with the subcommittee throughout this process.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I would like to also support Mr. Ellis' comment about H.R. 2901. I think H.R. 2901 is the first very important piece of legislation that would enable the private sector to start moving into the marketplace. We are starting to see, because of private capital, private markets are moving in, slowly but surely. We are seeing them move in with some better coverage, many times less expensive premiums. But in order to clarify the Biggert-Waters definition of what private flood insurance is acceptable, I think it is essential that H.R. 2901 be passed as well as we need to eliminate the noncompete clause in the program.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I would just like to advise you that I have been made aware that FEMA has reached out to some reinsurers. Reinsurers have met with FEMA. So I do think the process is beginning.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. Yes, there is. Absolutely, there is.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. Absolutely. And I would like to take that just one step further than that. I think as the private market evolves--and, again, I want to clarify that this is going to be a long-term process.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. It is not going to be something overnight. But as the private market evolves, they will utilize more and more tools. Modeling will become more efficient. We will see better risk-analysis tools to enable that company to take that insurance and properly price it better with better coverage.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I would just like to elaborate one piece. I absolutely support flood modeling. I think we are seeing it, but I do want to make sure the committee realizes it is in its infancy. It is going to get better. Mapping needs to be the starting point, and then we need to build upon that with the modeling and so forth.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I think Biggert-Waters 2012 was absolutely the beginning of heading in the right direction. I think the challenge still is the biggest drain on the NFIP, is the severe repetitive loss properties, and I believe targeted mitigation efforts should be addressed at those properties.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I think targeted mitigation on those severe repetitive loss properties is the key on that.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I agree. I think we need to indicate what the actual rate is. We need to be actual rated policies. The challenge is, like Mr. Ellis has said, unless we have the elevation certificate, and not all properties, your PreFIRM properties, your older structures, your properties that are in the B, C, and X zones, which again we need to remember that 25 percent of all claims come out of your low- to moderate-risk properties, the B, C, and X areas, we don't have elevation data. Without that elevation data, we can get an idea, and come April 2016, FEMA is implementing clear, concise information to the policyholder; but again not having the elevation, is an impediment.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I think we need to mitigate losses. We need to take a property, if it is subject to having been flooded more than once or twice, the cost of that is to mitigate the property, raise the property, move the property outside of it. I think we need to also recognize that it is not just people who are wealthy who are living on the coast or at the bottom of this hill who will have these big, huge wonderful houses. Many times it is people who are just--I am originally from New Orleans. Granted, in New Orleans, Katrina was a huge disaster. But the vast majority of people are not wealthy people. These people live there because it is a major port. People have to live near where they work. So we have to find a way to protect these individuals, help them mitigate their properties, raise them, move them to a safer ground so that they don't experience the losses.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I have my own personal opinions, but at the end of the day, people have to have a place to live.    Ms. Templeton-Jones. I think, and I have to agree with Mr. Heidrick, the rates are the rates across-the-board, and we see this every day. If you are in A zone, you pay A zone rates. If you are in a V zone or an X zone, you pay V or X zone rates. As far as the, there are some ``gotchas'' in it. If you don't have flood insurance and you experience a loss and you receive Federal funding, you have to carry flood insurance from that point forward. But I think we need to also recognize the fact that it floods everywhere. It is not just a coastal situation. Where it rains, it can flood. And unfortunately, people who experience flooding in coastal areas recognize it and do have a better uptake on the flood insurance policies. But it is areas that don't experience the floods often and we don't see the amount of flood insurance available.