    Ms. Warner. Thank you, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and distinguished members of the committee. On behalf of IREX, I am very honored to have the opportunity today to discuss our experience and the important relationship between women and information and communication technology in the developing world. I want to also thank my colleagues for their compelling remarks this morning. And I will try to--you may find some overlap because I think we have some similar recommendations.    Since 1968, IREX has worked in over 125 countries to build just, prosperous, and inclusive societies, and we use technology across much of our programming. Our work is supported by the generosity of the American people through the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Agency for International Development, as well as private donors, including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation of New York. Our approach is to focus holistically on both IT access, but also broadening digital literacy. I know we talked a lot this morning about why the issue is important, including improving GDP, and we have also talked about the alarming disparity for women and girls, the overall less access to the Internet, less mobile ownership. I want to highlight also, though, that less training and exposure even where access is available, is an important factor creating the digital divide. And according to the 2015 World Wide Web Foundation report, women are 1.6 times more likely to report a pure lack of skills as a barrier to Internet use. And I think we would all agree that nations cannot develop and grow unless they engage their full human resource potential, and closing the gender digital divide will be key to achieving this.    So I would like to share a few things of what we have learned at IREX. First, women and girls need safe public access points. We know that girls and women often choose public libraries because they are perceived as safe, reliable, and affordable. And we have partnered with the Gates Foundation in 11 countries to turn public institutions, like libraries, into Internet access points. And we are pairing that with providing access and training librarians to support them.    Second, it is really important to introduce girls to technology as early as possible, and definitely no later than their adolescence. The after-school tech clubs IREX has created in eight countries have helped girls gain digital skills with positive results into young adulthood, including increased confidence and employability. By supporting girls early on with digital literacy skills, we can help stem a lifetime of gender disparity.    Third, we need to invest and support infomediaries, and by this, we mean trusted community members, teachers, librarians, other adults who can help coach and train both younger and older women to use technology effectively and positively. Infomediaries can also help them filter the massive amounts of information that is available. In addition to working with librarians, we have partnered with the State Department to expand the use of technology by master teachers from across the developing world, the overwhelming majority of whom have had no prior training in using instructional technology in the classroom. The goal is to make technology a regular part of learning and not only a special subject or an elective.    And finally, we have learned that women also need to find relevant and valuable information to them, and that is both available in their local language, but in addition, it is information they can use in their everyday lives.    In partnerships with USAID and a local Jordanian research organization, we have just recently launched a gender clearinghouse. This is the first of its kind in Jordan, and it is allowing women to access information on their human rights.    The core of what we need to achieve gender parity in technology around the globe exists today, and so we have a few recommendations. First, we need to expand the notion of literacy to include digital literacy. ICT needs to be included in formal education. It is not a side subject. So while we used to have the three Rs, I think now we need literacy, numeracy, and digital literacy. We need them all working together, and we need to introduce that as early as possible.    Second, we should prioritize investments in community institutions like schools and libraries where we can build on existing infrastructure for public access. For example, there are 320,000 libraries in the world, and 70 percent of them are in developing countries. Imagine if each was connected to the Internet, and staffed with a skilled infomediary to support Internet access by women and girls.    Third, we need to balance the overall expanding of IT access with better digital literacy and skills, and ongoing coaching, so that women and girls can use this technology to better their economic, family, and life outcomes, so as to not inadvertently, without those skills, expand the divide rather than shrink it.    And finally, we should look across all of the work we are doing in the U.S. Government and among our development partners, and make sure that everything we do is taking the gender digital divide into account. Whether we are working on health, or food security, or environmental issues, are we looking at everything, and making sure that we are addressing this wherever it is possible?    And increasing mobile subscriptions alone will not actually purely equalize this gender divide. Governments, international agencies, nonprofits, and private enterprises need to work together. And I thank the committee for this opportunity.    Ms. Warner. I would mention, you know, stigma may be one element of it, but I think part of what we found effective is making sure that men, whether they are in a teaching role, whether they are in a family role, whether they are in a policy or employer role, understand the value broadly of the Internet for women. And so we have done some work with a partner in Nepal and India, in very rural areas, and looking at rural community centers, and women who did not normally leave the house. Once men were understanding more about how this might contribute economically, more financial transaction management for women, then I think once that was expressed and they understood that, then they were able to embrace the participation of women in technology more.    Ms. Warner. Thank you. I would make a couple of points. First, I think that there is no going back on the technology. So we have to find a way to integrate it. And one of the ways we found to be effective is to look at what are teachers using around instructional technology, and how are they engaging students across the subjects, so that it is not just about teaching it as a separate subject.    The second point I would make is that as we look at long-term engagement for women, and we have done a lot to increase access to primary education, that I think we are starting to see the challenges of not investing in secondary education that is stopping things at primary. And so to the extent we can both advocate for, and even with limited resources, invest in seeing that more women receive secondary education, and I should say quality secondary education, because I think, as we all know, just being in the classroom may or may not lead to educational outcomes.    The World Wide Web Foundation has found that women who have had some secondary education are actually six times more likely to be online than women who have not had any secondary education. So I think the combination of not making it just a separate subject--now, that is to say, that we also agree we should expand the number of women in technology fields, in STEM fields, and make that investment. But, in addition to doing that, we need to make technology just not seem like something separate to daily life.    Ms. Warner. Thanks. I would say that technology, all by itself, is neutral. So really what is key from an educational setting is making sure that folks know how to effectively use the technology in a learning context. So that may be to either supplement with newer information in the STEM fields. We use it a lot with English language learning, so native speakers' voices can be brought in around the world.    Ms. Warner. But I think the second issue is using it as a type of learning method. Does it engage more for project-based learning? Does it teach some of the critical skills, more than the rote learning that we want to see that are 21st century skills that so many employers around the world are seeing lacking?    Ms. Warner. Yes. I think that this is a concern, that some governments can use this as a way to oppress, to easily identify activists and others who may be trying to produce a counternarrative. I think one of the things we have found that is really important is in working with activists or journalists or others, is to make sure that our work includes really good skill building in digital security, that this is an important element for individuals to know.    And just to add to that, there was a question about general harassment of women, not targeting of activists and others before. And I think in Iraq one of the cell phone companies has developed a special plan with, like, a bye-bye button to block callers who are harassing. So I think to the ability we can engage the mobile companies to understand what types of services would be female friendly, that that will both help them gain more customers, but also make the service have a more positive value.    Ms. Warner. Thank you. I did mention that. I did want to actually add one thing that we are just starting to do now with Course Talk, which is kind of the Yelp of MOOCs, I don't know if they would say that is their official term, but that is how I describe them, and USAID, and that is, we are trying to look at what MOOCs are looking like in the developing world. This is research that is just starting.    We are also partnering with the University of Washington Tascha Institute on this. And one of the things we are trying to figure out, and we have three countries we are looking at right now, Colombia, Philippines, and South Africa, is how are people engaging with MOOCs, how could they be used for development. Most people are showing that people who take MOOCs are trying to advance their careers, their employability. So what factors increase that, what are the challenges, what are some of the gender issues there. And I think the research is ongoing right now, so maybe it is more of a preview that this is something we are concerned about.    I think that when you look at engaging women and really all learners online, the ability to combine blended learning can also be very effective. So what does that mean? Maybe folks are online and they are remote from the main educational institution providing it, but there is an infrastructure in place for them to meet together in their village, the same people who maybe are learning together, and how do you blend that in person with the online learning.    Ms. Warner. So in full disclosure, it is not my personal expertise, but I would say----    Ms. Warner. Okay. Thank you. I would say a couple things. One is I think many of the technology companies as they look at how their family policies and others are designed, and what it takes to advance and stay in the field is very important.    There was a report done a few years ago by the Department of Commerce actually, that looked at women in STEM and what is going on and why people go in and study and then leave the field, and I think that that might be something that really looks at some of the patterns.    Ms. Warner. Yeah.    Ms. Warner. I don't remember if this was the number one reason, but I think a lot of it had to do with the scheduling and the work and being able to balance, once you had a family, the workload and the hours and----    Ms. Warner. Yeah.