    Mr. Shuster. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will come to order. I would like to welcome everybody this morning. Looks like we have got a packed house, a lot of interest in the hearing today on reviewing the ATC reform proposals. Again, I want to welcome everybody here.    Last week Chairman LoBiondo and myself introduced the AIRR Act, the Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016. This bill provides transformational reform of the U.S. aviation system, something that is absolutely necessary to modernize our air traffic control system, to ensure the system is both safe and efficient, and--let me say that again, safe is the number-one priority of this effort, and has always been of the effort at the FAA , but we need to make sure it is efficient, and presently it is not efficient, and studies I see, it is working backward from becoming more efficient--and to ensure America leads the world in this industry, an industry that we invented.    A key reform in this bill takes the ATC out of the Federal Government, and establishes a federally chartered, independent, not-for-profit Corporation to provide that service. This Corporation will be governed by a board representing the system's users. Today's hearing focuses on the ATC reform piece of the bill.    I believe Ranking Member DeFazio and I agree that the status quo at the FAA is unacceptable, and that real change is necessary. We have worked together on large parts of this bill in the same bipartisan spirit as other bills this committee has passed and sent on to the President. I think we are on the same page on many reforms and provisions.    We do have an honest policy disagreement on the approach to fixing ATC. I have been talking about my ideas for improving ATC for over 2 years, and I have put them on the table. I know the ranking member has some ideas, as well. Today is the opportunity for the committee to discuss the ideas we have put forward.    As I said, I believe we have to do better. Delays, congestions, and inefficiencies cost our economy $30 billion a year. And in the next decade we will be up to 1 billion people, 1 billion passengers flying. And without real improvement, the system is only going to get worse. Unfortunately, FAA has proven it can't modernize the air traffic system. Delays, cost overruns, and setbacks have been going on for 30 years.    And we just got the newest report from the DOT OIG . January 15th it came out. The FAA reforms have not achieved expected cost, efficiency, and modernization outcomes. And they did this looking back over the last 20 years. And if you go back even further, and report after report has said the FAA is incapable of developing and rolling out and modernizing the air traffic control system, among other things, among things they have--1995 we exempted them from a Federal human--or the personnel hiring/firing under the Federal Government, we exempted them from that.    And today we hear about the need to hire 3,000 traffic controllers roughly a year, and they are only able to do about half of it. So throughout the system, throughout the reforms they have had available to them, they have not been able to do that. And, as I said, this is just the latest report from the inspector general.    The IG has testified here that, while initial cost estimates for NextGen were about $40 billion, and the cost would double or triple and take a decade or more before it could be--possibly be deployed. So instead of costing $40 billion and hopefully finishing in 2025, realistically we are looking at upward of over $100 billion, and a completion in maybe 2035 or beyond.    Without a doubt, Congress and the political interference are part of this problem, whether it is the 23 extensions we faced before, the sequestration, Government shutdown, congressional--Members of Congress weighing in when the agency tries to streamline, when it tries to close a facility or consolidate a facility, and some Member of Congress, powerful Member of Congress says, ``You are not going to close down my facility,'' it has caused big problems when you are trying to run an operation that is in need of consolidations, in need of reducing its footprint because of the technology that should be available to do that. So Congress has been a problem.    But the basic problem is that the FAA is a huge bureaucracy, it is not a high-tech service provider. That is what we are talking about, telecommunications provider to the flying public. The planes are up in the air, the folks on the ground, making sure they are communicating to keep that airspace safe. Congress has tried procurement and personnel reforms at FAA, which I have mentioned, and they failed to implement them.    The time for piecemeal reform is over. For 30 years we have tried this, a little bit here, a little bit there, even some big stuff. But it just was rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.    The AIRR Act takes air traffic control out of the FAA and transitions it to a new Corporation, a not-for-profit Corporation, over the next 3 years. It's a 6-year bill, 3 years for transition and then the next 3 years to--for the startup of this new entity.    And I just want to mention the Canadians and the Germans and the Australians across the country--were 50 of them--have done something very similar to what we are talking about here today. But I just want to say that August of this year, the Canadians will launch their first satellites into space. And by the end of 2017, they will have over 70 satellites launched. They will have their GPS up in space. Currently, today, we can only see 30 percent of the airspace on our current technology. When they deployed those 70 or so satellites, they will be able to see 100 percent of the airspace in the globe, the Canadians.    I am told there are already 15 or 16 countries that have signed up for their services. So the Canadians, Nav Canada and their partners, they are developing this system. I believe they are going to become the dominant controller of airspace in the world. They are going to be able to fly planes over the North Atlantic and over the Pacific, straighter lines, closer together, more efficiently. And that is when we are going to really see our loss in the leadership in the world, when it comes to controlling airspace and being the gold standard.    Again, this Corporation we are setting up is completely independent of the Federal Government. This is not a Government Corporation, a quasi-governmental entity, or a GSE . It is not that. The Federal Government will not back the obligations, the financial obligations, for this Corporation. The Corporation will simply provide a service.    The bill does not give the airspace to the Corporation; that remains the public trust. That belongs to the American people. And the FAA remains absolutely responsible for regulating the airspace and aviation safety.    We do this in a way that protects the GA and the rural communities. Noncommercial GA is exempted from fees or charges. Let me repeat that again, because everywhere I go in this town, it doesn't seem to resonate with people. Noncommercial general aviation is exempt from fees or charges. Now, there are some folks in this room and around town that don't think that is right, but I think that is the fair way to move forward. And the Corporation can't tie airspace access to what users pay. Again, can't tie their access to what they pay. In fact, in talking to the folks in Canada, the GA community has had a very positive experience up there.    This structure gets ATC away from the budget process and political decisionmaking. I know the notion goes against the establishment. We have already had some very senior Republicans on very important committees say, ``Oh, we can't do this,'' and that is, again, the establishment pushing back, saying we can't do this. We can do this. We need to do this. We must do this. And we can do what is best for the American aviation system if we show the political will.    And let me tell you, it is--this has not been an easy--I know a couple of you here at the witness stand have gone through some tough days and weeks. I appreciate you staying strong.    And this isn't a new idea. This idea--one of our folks' testimony today, Mr. Poole, he has been at that desk I don't know how many times over the last 30 years, talking about this. The Clinton administration tried to do it, the Bush administration tried to do it. And, since that time, since Clinton's time and Bush's time, it has become the global standard, having an independent air traffic control system, independent from the regulator.    ICAO , who is the--sort of sets the standards for the world, has said that is what we should be doing all over the country, over the world. And more than 50 other countries have successfully done this, with benefits across the board. Safety is maintained--in some cases it goes up, it is even safe. We have modernized systems, we have improved efficiencies and service, and costs have gone down.    We will see more effective use of the airspace, airspace capacity increased, more direct routes, which will save time and money, increased capacity, shorter flight times, reduced delays and cancellations, and reduced pollution and noise. With the operational efficiencies, I believe we can save billions of dollars in the new system like this.    And again, the FAA will focus on what it does best, and that is regulate safety of the system.    We started this process over 2 years ago. We have worked with stakeholders throughout the aviation community to address issues they have raised. In this bill, we have worked to streamline the certification process, address safety issues, improve passenger experience, provide robust funding for the AIP , and address the safety--integration of drones into the airspace.    Taken as a whole, the AIRR Act does what is best for all users of the system, and the future of U.S. aviation. I want our country to have the safest--or continue to have the safest aviation system in the world, as well as the most efficient, cost-effective, and advanced system. We don't have that today, but I believe we will under this bill.    So, with that, I would like to now recognize Ranking Member DeFazio for an opening statement.    Mr. Shuster. No, wouldn't think about it.    Mr. Shuster. Well, I thank the gentleman. And just to point out, you know, this has been ongoing for 30 years. You have been here for almost 30 years, and you have been on this committee part of this discussion.    And again, we know there is serious problems at the FAA--and listening to you talk in many, many hearings about the problems. And let me just--for the record, we have had--this has been ongoing for 2 years. My colleagues on the other side were involved in many, if not all, of the discussions of stakeholders. They received the bill 10 days ago in its entirety. They have been looking, and we have--negotiating on much of the bill for months now, literally. So to say that this is--try to make this sound like it is a last-minute deal is just absolutely not the case.    The--as I said, they have had it for 10 days, and I was under the impression--I was very eager to see your concept, because it seemed to me to be similar to mine--of course, different entities, but I was eager to see that. Now we are not even going to see that.    And what we are seeing today for the first time is this Rube Goldberg chart, which I am sure, if we would have had 10 days to look at, I am sure we could debunk it in its entirety. So again, that is the last thing here.    And finally, let me just say we are having this hearing based on the request of the ranking member. He was insistent, I said, ``OK, fine, it is great, let's do that. If that is important to you, then we are going to go through with this.'' So here we are today.    Again, I just want everybody to realize this has not been done in the dark, and it has not been done at the last minute. There has been lots and lots of discussion. And again, I think you will see other parts of the bill, that there is--their fingerprints are all over it, which is a good thing.    So with that, I recognize----    Mr. Shuster. Yes.    Mr. Shuster. Without objection, so ordered.    We will enter all of our organizations that support us at the end of the hearing, which I am sure is equal to or greater than the number that is there.    With that, I would like to recognize the subcommittee chairman, Mr. LoBiondo, for a statement.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. LoBiondo. Now I recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Larsen.    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentleman. Now we will go to our witnesses. We will introduce all four of you first, and then let you proceed.    Joining us here today Paul Rinaldi, who is the president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association; Nick Calio, president and chief executive officer of Airlines for America; Ed Bolen, the president and chief executive officer of the National Business Aviation Association; and Bob Poole, the director of transportation policy for the Reason Foundation.    Again, I appreciate you all being here today. I believe all four of you have been here at least once or a couple of times, and over the last decade probably many times. So, again, appreciate you being here today.    And we will start with Mr. Rinaldi.    Mr. Shuster. Pull that mic up a little closer. We want to hear every word.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much.    Next up, Nick Calio, A4A.    Mr. Shuster. Pull your mic as close as you can to you there.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    Next we go to Mr. Ed Bolen, president and CEO of the National Business Aviation Association.    Ed, proceed.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    And now Bob Poole, the director of transportation policy for the Reason Foundation.    Mr. Poole, proceed.    Mr. Shuster. Can you pull the mic up a little bit closer?    Mr. Shuster. Hold on a second. Are we going to turn those mics up a little bit? Good.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much, Mr. Poole. And now we will go to questions. I want everybody to keep it to 5 minutes so we can get through as many questions as possible. And, if need be, we can go to a second round. And I will start.    Mr. Bolen, first, I would say to you that saying it is efficient, the numbers just don't bear out. Delays have increased over the years, and especially at our big airports. Flight times between cities has increased because of the system. And you go on and on about the efficiencies. It is becoming less efficient, from what I can see from these studies I have, and I am sure that that pile there on the desk is--would bear that out, also.    And to say that the airlines are taking over this Corporation, I--there is an 11-member board. The GA community gets two seats, the Government gets two seats, the airlines get four, which is not a majority. ALPA gets one, NATCA gets one, and then there is a CEO. So I am--how do you--if they don't have a majority on the board, how do they gain control of the board, in your view?    Mr. Shuster. And so today I was hoping we would have two comprehensive proposals to look at, but unfortunately we have one, and it is the one that we have presented.    So you don't like what we have, so what is your proposal? What would you do to change the system, strengthen the system? You say you don't want status quo, so what would be your proposal to change the system for the better?    Mr. Shuster. The funding stream?    Mr. Shuster. Well, what you have just described is what we have been talking about for the last 30 years, and there is--I think that is only--they said only 10 years of reports. We have tried those things over and over, and so I just believe the time is now where you have got to do something fundamentally different to be able to achieve some of those things that you said, because it hasn't been done. It just hasn't been done.    We can sit here, and we can keep talking about it. And if we don't do something like this, my guess is 10 years from now some of you guys will still be here, and ladies will still be here, you will be talking about the same thing.    Bob, I am sorry, I thought you had only been working on this for 30 years. You have been working on it for 40 years. So again, this--the time has come. And Bob, if you could just talk a little bit about--Mr. Poole, what do you think the cost in an organization like this--based on your study, is it going to go down? Is it going to go up?    Mr. Shuster. So, with Nav Canada deploying their technology, their GPS-based system, by the end of 2017, that will allow them to get even more planes into their space, which should drive down their costs even greater.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much. With that, I recognize Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentleman. Again, yes-or-no answers I don't think really give the witnesses a fair and constructive hearing here. I mean you wanted a hearing, Mr. DeFazio, you have got a hearing.    Mr. Shuster. Well, Mr.--those aren't--you are trying to----    Mr. Shuster . Get a yes or no----    Mr. Shuster. Mr. DeFazio, you know very well the way I operate. You will get your opportunity. Let these folks answer the question, because they are not yes-or-no answers in many cases.    For instance, we do not discriminate against--we say in this you can't discriminate to--air access. We also, in rural areas--you know, the technology that Sweden uses today, they have these rural airports that aren't--they don't need a controller. The technology is there. We are incapable of doing that today, stuck in this system that doesn't work.    So, again, I will give you ample time, but just please allow these people to give you an answer that is--there is not a yes-or-no answer. So let's move on.    Yes, I will give someone--answer to Mr. Calio, you started to----    Mr. Shuster. Well, the good news about--I am the chairman, I get to decide when the time is----    Mr. Shuster. So, Mr. Calio, you were questioned on--you were going to make an answer. Could you expound upon any of those ones that you wanted to?    Mr. Shuster. OK. Well, Mr. Bolen, in all fairness, is there any one that you--you had a couple yes-or-noes. Is there any one you want to expand on and say why, one way or the other?    Mr. Shuster. OK, we put in there that we don't want to see that discrimination occur. And again, it is--where are jobs going to be gained, where is technology going to be gained, that is the other side of the coin. And that is what I am actually focusing on, looking forward.    With that, I will go to Mr. Young, Chairman Young.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I just want to point out--a couple times mentioned about the board makeup. There are two seats for the Government, public interest. That is where we believe the public interest will be served with our voice there.    Mr. Shuster. Certainly.    Mr. Shuster. Two to the Government.    Mr. Shuster. The Department of Transportation will have it.    Mr. Shuster. Claiming back my time. With that, Ms. Norton is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. Well, what is your question?    Mr. Shuster. To the noise?    Mr. Shuster. I missed the problem. What----    Mr. Shuster. Is that a noise problem?    Mr. Shuster. We have in the bill that--remedies to have the community be involved to make sure that, if there is noise problems, that they are going to be addressed----    Mr. Shuster. Will the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Shuster. It is in the bill that we get communities involved in these decisions. But at the end of the day, as we have pointed out, the FAA, which--back at Government, the regulator--would be involved in this, similar to the way it is today.    Mr. Shuster. That----    Mr. Shuster. You would approach the FAA like you do today in this situation----    Mr. Shuster. No. They are not--it is not a regulating body. It is a service provider. It is a service provider that will manage the airspace.    When it comes to safety and regulatory things, it goes back to the governmental body. So if there is an issue like that--and hopefully they can work through the process with the airlines on a noise problem, for instance, because I know we got noise problems in many cities--but at the end of the day it would go back to the regulator, and the regulator is the FAA in Government.    Mr. Shuster. Well, NextGen would--because of a--because of the reduction in the way that people are able to land, you would have less noise, we believe. But also, if there is a remedy needed, just as there is today, you go back to the regulator, and that would be the FAA that remains in Government. This is not a regulatory body, it is a service provider.    And with that, I yield to Mr. Mica, Chairman Mica.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Mica. And I just want to make it clear to all the Members. I know some of you have had ample time, some of you may not have looked at it.    But just to be very clear on this, in the business jet community, the general aviation community, there is basically three tranches of them. there is the single-piston folks that--they are going to pay the gas tax they pay today. We have said we are not changing that. And the business jet folks, the folks that Mr. Bolen represents, we have said the same to them. You pay a gas tax, that is where you are going to pay. So that is really unchanged for them. The third piece of that is what you call part 135, it is the--and those two, they are noncommercial, which I just named.    Then, if you become a commercial operator, and you want to get passengers and make a profit, what you do today is you pay a ticket tax, a segment tax, and a gas tax. What we have said to that is we are going to do away with the segment and the ticket tax, and you would pay the user fee based on your weight and distance, which we think is fair.    There is some notion out there that they are going to raise the user fee so high that a fellow or woman who wants to fly a G5 or a G6 is going to be forced to fly first class on an airline. I just cannot imagine that is going to happen.    Now, the issue Mr. Bolen does bring up, airspace, we have to make sure that the airspace--there is access to it. I have got about maybe three people that work in the airlines in my district. I have got several hundred GA pilots. I am from a rural area, I have a rural airport. So we want to take care of rural airports, we want to make sure that we don't harm the general aviation community.    So those of you that haven't really looked at the structure of what we are doing, funding-wise, that is what we are doing to the general aviation community, and I think it is more than fair, what we are--what we have proposed.    So, with that, go to Mr. Nadler.    Mr. Shuster. Would you yield for just a second?    Mr. Shuster. I would object to that. We have done--much of this bill is done on a very bipartisan basis.    Mr. Shuster. We have fundamental difference on policy, but----    Mr. Shuster . Bipartisan.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. Members, certainly you can use your 5 minutes in any which-way you want. I would encourage you to ask questions. That is what the hearing is really about, getting information from our witnesses.    And I would just answer I do--it is not--the airlines are not going to own this equipment. It is still going to be owned by a Corporation that is going to be a--it is going to be independent, but the airspace is still owned by the American people, and this equipment has been already paid for by the flying public. Those taxes you pay, that 20 percent of your ticket tax, that is what has paid for this system. It is paid for.    Mr. Shuster. The problem is, to buy this stuff, if you went on the open market, you would probably get 10 cents on the dollar because it is so antiquated.    So again, we are looking for an agency that can go to new technology, not stick with this 1950s--yes, I will yield.    Mr. Shuster. But a nonprofit Corporation run at the benefit----    Mr. Shuster. Run at the benefit of the American traveling public.    Mr. Shuster. That is as it is, not as anybody sees it. It is as it is.    Mr. LoBiondo?    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentleman. With that, I recognize Ms. Brown.    Ms. Brown? Oh, I am sorry, Ms. Brown. Mr. Larsen is next in line, sorry about that.    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentleman. And, again, within this bill there is a provision that those contracts go over, transfer over, stay in place, and to be worked out with DOD and DHS , those various issues you're talking about. So we have a provision there to deal with it.    With that, Mr. Barletta?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    Mr. Capuano?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. With that, Mr. Graves.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Shuster. Mr. Ribble?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Ribble. Where am I? Mrs. Napolitano?    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentlelady. With that, Mr. Massie is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. I thank the gentleman. And I don't know if I heard you--you talked about the deployment of the Canadian--that their--that organization. They are going to have 100 percent of coverage of worldwide airspace by the end of 2017.    Mr. Shuster. Very much. Today 30 percent of the world is covered. With the deployment of their technology, they will have 100 percent coverage. They have already had--I believe the number is 15 other countries have already signed up, they are going to subscribe to use their airspace, and it is going to be more efficient than our space. So that is something that, you know, we need to look at. So, thank you.    With that, Mr. Lipinski is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. Mr. Graves?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This bill has been an interesting endeavor, and all the meetings that we have had over the last several weeks, trying to understand this bill. It is very disappointing to see the loss of the bromance between our chairman and ranking member, and I hope that you all are able to rekindle the flame.    Mr. Poole, what kind of car do you drive?    Mr. Shuster . Thank you. With that, Mr. LoBiondo is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And I will yield to Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much.    Mr. Poole, if you would, answer that question on unit costs.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    Mr. Rokita?    Mr. Shuster. Yes, Mr. Rokita, just--you brought up a couple of interesting points. I think we may have some solutions there.    The first you pointed out was--I believe you said it was for safety, but then it goes on to say, ``and otherwise consistent with the public interest.'' That is something we can certainly sit down and look at and try to strengthen that, take that off the--maybe have a--more peace of mind on that particular part of it.    The other thing was the board member--that had to do, when we looked at that, of--as--if somebody had some kind of technical expertise that we might want to make an exemption for. But again, if that is something that we can talk about, we may be able to strengthen that to take away some of those objections or concerns that you have.    Mr. Shuster. What is that?    Mr. Shuster. Well, the chairman knows his Members. I knew you would have a couple of amendments.    Mr. Shuster. But anyways, those couple things you mentioned, I think we might be able to work through those, I think, and we will be looking at your amendments, also.    So, with that, Mr. Sanford? You are done? I guess it looks like we are done for the day.    I want to thank everybody for being here. Mr. Bolen, Mr. Poole, Mr. Rinaldi, Mr. Calio, thanks for being here. Again, I look at all the folks at that desk there, they have--everybody there has been there for 20 years or so, some more than others.    And you know we have been talking about this and talking about this, and we have got a system that just hasn't been able to modernize the way we think it should, it hasn't been able to modernize the way other countries--I still come back to that--when I learned this--a couple weeks ago that Canada, by the end of 2017, is going to be fully deployed, a worldwide GPS system, it is not America, it is the Canadians doing it, and I think that is--you know, one of the things that I think the Canadians look at, in talking to them, is they need more planes in their system to continue to drive down the cost. And that is exactly what they are going to do.    And it is--again, it would be wrong for us, especially on our watch, to let another country become the gold standard, the leader in worldwide air traffic control. So, again, I am committed to try to find a way forward on this, to do what is right, what I believe is right for the country, what is right for Americans, and keeping the safest system in the world.    So again, thank everybody for being here. This is adjourned.