    Dr. Brasure. Good morning, Chairman Hunter, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Member Garamendi, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished members of the subcommittees. Thank you for the opportunity to be here with my colleagues from the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Energy to discuss efforts to prevent smuggling at U.S. ports.    An attack on U.S. territory with a nuclear device or radiological dispersal device would have grave consequences. At the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, or DNDO, we have a singular focus: preventing nuclear terrorism. It cannot be accomplished by any one agency. In fact, it takes a whole-of-enterprise approach. We work closely with our Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and international partners, as well as those in the national laboratories, industry and academia.    DNDO was established to develop, in coordination with the interagency, the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture, or the GNDA. The GNDA is a framework for detecting, analyzing, and reporting nuclear and other radioactive materials that are out of regulatory control.    In our work to enhance the GNDA we rely on a critical triad of intelligence, law enforcement, and technical capabilities. Our strategy is to provide effective technologies to well-trained law enforcement and public safety officials as they conduct intelligence-driven operations. Through a multilayered, multifaceted defense-in-depth approach, our objective is to make nuclear terrorism a prohibitively difficult undertaking for the adversary. We take into account the geographic layers of the GNDA, both international and domestic, as well as the pathways through which the material can be transited, such as the maritime and aviation pathways.    And so, our efforts to secure the homeland begin overseas, working closely with our interagency partners which have responsibility for implementing the international component of the GNDA. With these partners and with multilateral organizations, the DNDO works to develop and share guidance, best practices, and training for the international community.    Ultimately, building a Global Nuclear Detection Architecture relies on sovereign foreign partners developing and enhancing their own national detection programs. The collective efforts abroad help ensure that illicit nuclear or other radioactive material or devices can be interdicted before they arrive at our shores.    As part of DNDO's responsibilities to implement the domestic component of the GNDA, we equip DHS operational components with radiation detection systems for use at our ports of entry, along our land and maritime borders, and within the United States. In particular, DNDO equips both U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protection with radiation detection equipment.    Today all Coast Guard boarding parties are equipped with detection devices. At our seaports of entry, CBP scans nearly 100 percent of all incoming containerized cargo for radiological and nuclear threats. DNDO has acquired systems for the Coast Guard and CBP to detect threats when encountering small vessels. We recently procured a new technology called Human Portable Tripwire to enable our partners to more quickly detect, identify, and adjudicate alarms relating to nuclear and other radioactive sources.    Building operational capability across the Federal, State, and local enterprise is also critical. DNDO is presently working with 36 of the Coast Guard's Area Maritime Security Committees. Through these committees we can share information and intelligence, assist with alarm adjudication, and provide technical support to our operational partners as they build their nuclear detection programs.    In the event of an interdiction of radioactive materials or an act of radiological or nuclear terrorism, the U.S. Government would need rampant accurate attribution based on sound scientific evidence. For this reason, we enhance the Nation's capabilities in technical nuclear forensics which, when coupled with intelligence and law enforcement information, support such determinations.    To bolster readiness of the U.S. Government's nuclear forensics capability in the maritime environment, we recently led the planning for and also participated in an exercise where an interagency task force coordinated the collection of simulated forensic evidence at sea.    Advancing the operational readiness of partners will ensure that leadership has the evidence so they can hold fully accountable any State, terrorist group, or other nonstate actor that supports or enables terrorist efforts to obtain or use weapons of mass destruction. An act of nuclear terrorism would have profound consequences for our Nation and the world. With your support, we will continue to work with our partners to bolster defenses to secure maritime ports and our homeland from nuclear terrorism.    Thank you for this opportunity, and I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Brasure. I will begin to attempt to answer that question. I would say my answer focuses on we are doing everything we can to prevent that from happening. So in my world, my strategy, our teamwork is designed to prevent that by taking a holistic, risk-based, and multifaceted approach to securing the materials domestically and abroad, as well as setting up the detection and interdiction infrastructure to preclude that from actually occurring.    I would also say that I cannot speak for the consequences, but what I can speak to are the technical capabilities in the national technical nuclear forensics arena, and I will assure you we are developing and we have a capability that we continue to improve to attribute the either interdicted materials or, with our interagency colleagues and some of the other programs, a post--you know, right-of-boom event to actually do the attribution to find out the source of the material.    And so, I would say between those two elements, with respect to the prevention as well as the very real threat of an attribution through various means, including technical nuclear forensics, that again we strive to avoid that scenario from happening in the next 25 years and beyond.    Dr. Brasure. Yes, sir. We also apply the resources we have. And in DNDO we apply them using a risk-based strategy across all areas. And we support the President's budget submission.    Dr. Brasure. So what we are doing in response to the Secretary's new look at the legislation is to--we have put out an RFI, request for information, to look broadly at both material and nonmaterial solutions to the 100-percent overseas scanning. And we received--we targeted not just technology solutions, but broadly look into the private sector, for instance, to gain their insights, port operators, trade unions, just broadly and innovatively across the overall enterprise.    We received approximately 30 responses back last month, and my team at DNDO is right now evaluating those responses. And indeed, they came from not only technology companies, but all the entities I just mentioned, they responded.    So, once we evaluate those, we expect to hold meetings in sessions with the successful respondents in the August-to-September timeframe, and we would be happy to come back and brief you on----    Dr. Brasure. So they are different because we looked, again, more broadly beyond technology companies. And I would like to point out that, with respect to technology companies, we are currently piloting and evaluating technologies that could be applied to 100 percent scanning, and we are in various stages of evaluation in pilots for such technology solutions.    But again, the RFI is addressing more broadly inputs from, again, the private sector and looking to them for their solutions, and they are sharing in this 100-percent scanning activity.