    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Chairman Meadows.    And, Mr. Dodaro, welcome. Ms. Cobert.    One of the things we've worked on, in fact, worked closely with Mr. Meadows, is my interest in fulfilling the findings we did in the reports some years ago. The title of it was the Federal Government Must Stop Sitting On Its Assets. And we looked at properties as one part of it and we've actually taken that on. I think you've endured a few of our hearings. We had some pretty good successes when you drive down Pennsylvania Avenue and you see the old post office building that was costing us $6 to $8 million a year. It will soon be a five star hotel and a first class commercial center, probably employing a thousand people and paying us--I think the deal we cut was about a quarter of a million a month, plus a percentage of the gross. Not too bad. And other properties. But unfortunately the successes are fairly limited.    DOD, for example, under the information I've gotten from staff and, I think, from you all, says that DOD has 560,000 facilities worldwide and, as of September, only had a utilization rate of 53 percent. Is that correct?    Who is going to----    Mr. Mica. Identify yourself.    Mr. Mica. Well, that's all you could confirm.    Mr. Mica. Yeah. Because we found in the past--and I think some of your work, too--it was, one, agencies didn't know what they had. They didn't know the conditions. Sometimes they didn't--their inventory was--was never updated and then whether it was utilized was a totally different question.    Mr. Mica. Okay. How----    Mr. Mica. But the other thing, too, is I think the GAO has recommended that OMB develop a national strategy that could provide a pathway to manage excess and utilize--access underutilized properties. You recommended this?    Mr. Mica. And how are they doing on it? They've got it all done? They've got a good plan?    Mr. Mica. A couple weeks ago?    Mr. Mica. Okay. You recommended that, as I recall, back in June of 2012. So that's probably lightning rocket speed to get it last week, so----    All right. OMB. I've got a--and DOD. I've got a specific case in Florida. About a year or so ago, I dragged one of the subcommittees down. We have--you know, when you have public assets and we're sitting on them, you've got to look in your own backyard. And at Cape Kennedy, I have 144,000 acres that NASA has. They've been out of some of that business for 5 years now. On that 500 buildings, half of them are vacant or underutilized. 144,000 acres, that's six times the size of Manhattan.    Then next to it is the Air Force property which is 16,000 acres. I'm not talking about Patrick. I'm talking next to it. So I held a hearing, and we had--people laid out, the port director came over and said, if I could get 50 to 200 acres more right adjacent, which the Air Force controls, I could create 5,000 jobs by making a cargo container port out of it.    Last week--and this guy is gone. Carter is gone. He said ``common sense.'' He's been here 3 months. I've been here 23 years, Carter, and you're not here to hear this, but it doesn't prevail. Last week they told him that they couldn't--we'll send him a tape, videotape.    But common sense was--would be they want less than 200 acres of 16,000, and last week they basically rejected a sole source to the port. The port only happens to be the only entity in Florida that's allowed to do port work at this site at Port Canaveral and they couldn't give them a sole source.    OMB, DOD, somebody, can anybody--does anyone know--can you look into sole sourcing?    Mr. Mica. Could you review this and tell me what the--what idiotic determination would prohibit--I get a few more minutes because he yielded back 41 seconds before he exited.    Mr. Mica. No. I mean, this is nut cases. We did the hearing down there. We got them to--the port gave us unsolicited proposal, and they came back and the Navy is a sublease to that. They'll move them and pay for it. They need slight reconfiguration, and they rejected it last week.    I just need to know the impediment because there's a way to--there's a way to do this. You have to be a persistent bastard, first of all, and then you've got to find a way to make this work.    Five thousand jobs, I don't know, that wouldn't be important in your district, would it, Mr. Meadows?    Mr. Mica. Okay. And he was telling the whole truth and nothing but the truth.    Well, if you could answer that, you would make my day.    Looking at that one case, I'll send you--we'll give you a copy. It doesn't necessarily have to be part of the record, but it's such a struggle.    We are working with Mr. Chaffetz, with the committee, we had several bills for disposal of property and are trying to straighten out that process. Usually we find the agencies are not able to make decisions. They sit on it. No one in DOD could have an initiative. No one at GSA could have an initiative. No one at--almost any agency. I've got a list of VA properties. It would go from here to the--vacant properties to the end of the dais there's so many. But we do need a mechanism to better utilize valuable public assets.    Thank you, and I yield back two seconds. Thank you.