    Ms. Saarnio. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    As the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State responsible for our Mexico portfolio in the Western Hemisphere Bureau, I want to assure you, as my colleagues have, that the safety and security of our colleagues in Mexico are our top priority.    I started my diplomatic career in Mexico City, and I would be proud to serve in Mexico again. I'd like to share with you today the work that the State Department performs to assist American citizens in Mexico's border region. I will highlight the measures we're taking to enhance security in Mexico through strong, bilateral cooperation, while ensuring the safety of U.S. personnel, particularly of those serving in the U.S. consulates along the U.S.-Mexico border.    The State Department closely examines all threats to our diplomats, locally-employed colleagues, and U.S. facilities. The Department assesses daily the risks the U.S. personnel face as they do their jobs in a constantly-shifting landscape. We seek a balance between the critically-important work our people do, including the consular services provided to American citizens in Mexico, and the inherent risk of working in a challenging security environment.    At every step, we work to ensure the security and safety of all American citizens, but particularly our diplomatic colleagues in Mexico. We remain vigilant and we analyze carefully new potential threats.    Our embassy and our consulate personnel meet frequently with Mexican Federal, state, and local counterparts to discuss these concerns and to assure that all appropriate measures are being taken to protect our personnel and U.S. citizens of business.    We have systems in place that allow us to communicate rapidly and effectively with U.S. citizens when the security situation changes. Our travel warning, country-specific information, and security messages provide U.S. citizens with our best assessment of the risks they may face when traveling to certain regions in Mexico.    The United States and Mexico share a mutual investment in security and prosperity. The State Department, along with key U.S. Government agencies, such as the Justice Department, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and others work with the Mexican Government through the Merida Initiative to combat transnational criminal organizations and to protect our citizens from the crime and violence these organizations generate.    Because of our robust and ongoing dialogue with Mexico on security issues, Mexican Federal authorities have taken action to improve security conditions and reduce violence, particularly in the state of Tamaulipas, where the United States Government is represented at the border consulates of Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros.    The bilateral economic relationship between our two countries is huge. Indeed, the two-way trade topped $550 billion in 2014. Eighty percent of that trade crossed the U.S.-Mexico land border. Our integrated economic relationship supports thousands of jobs in both countries and hundreds of thousands of people legally cross our border each day. Mexico remains the top foreign destination for travelers from the United States. In fact, we estimate that on any given day there are 1.5 million American citizens in Mexico.    Our U.S. Consulate General in Nuevo Laredo, and Matamoros in particular, support this vibrant relationship through visa services for tourists, students, and workers. They provide critical services to the some 138,000 U.S. citizens living in their consular districts, and to thousands of U.S. visitors and the commercial travelers.    These services include passport issuances and renewals, issuances of consular reports of birth abroad, providing information on voter registration, and offering notary services for documents to be used in the United States. The consulates also provide emergency services to American citizens who are arrested, kidnapped, or face temporary destitution in Mexico.    We share the committee's concern about the levels of violence in certain areas in Mexico, and we assess the overall environment on a daily basis. We believe that U.S. interests are best protected by maintaining a strong presence on the ground in Mexico and continuing our close law enforcement and security relationship. We review and monitor the situation daily and have been taking all appropriate steps to ensure the safety of American citizens, including government personnel.    I want to assure you, this is and will continue to be a top priority for me, my leadership, and the Department.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Ms. Saarnio. Saarnio.    Ms. Saarnio. Sir, I'm not aware of that. That would be in Ambassador Moser's----    Ms. Saarnio. Congressman, thank you for that question. You know, I'm glad I get to answer this, because I'm very proud of our Foreign Service colleagues who have----    Ms. Saarnio. The answer is that our allowances change over time as situations change. And yes, we have developed a new system by where we're changing danger pay and hardship pay. In Mexico we're going--the changes will be some posts will go up and some posts will go down. But that reflects, we believe, the change in the situation on the ground.    The danger pay that's been calculated in the past, some of the elements of that, the criminal violence and living conditions, social isolation that you mentioned, those are also accounted for in hardship pay. And so if we look at the net pay for our colleagues, for example, our colleagues in Matamoros, will be getting a 5 percent increase. Our colleagues in Nuevo Laredo and Tijuana will be going down by 5 percent. So we think that reflects the accurate situation.    Ms. Saarnio. By our calculations, it is.    Ms. Saarnio. I'm a former board member of the American Foreign Services Association.    Ms. Saarnio. Well, I'm not so sure about the specific cases.    Ms. Saarnio. So we believe the situation on the ground has changed and our allowance is perceived----    Ms. Saarnio. I do. I'm aware of the situation.    Ms. Saarnio. You don't. You stay close by your home, and your social life is very restricted. That's true and that's taken into account----    Ms. Saarnio. Sir, when Foreign Service officers sign up to go to these posts, they recognize the situations may change and the allowances may change in the time that they're serving there. It's part of the process, and we recognize it when we go to these posts.    Ms. Saarnio. Yes. I think many of the Foreign Service officers are willing and go to these posts knowing the dangers, but they also know that these allowances change over time when you're at post; and if the situation changes, they could be changed while they are serving there or after they leave.    Ms. Saarnio. Actually, sir, I would say that we are cautiously optimistic that we think the situation is somewhat better in certain parts of the country, and that's reflected in our danger pay changes. We've seen parts of the country that were in insurgency status a few years ago that are actually quite operating a lot better now. And a lot of that----    Ms. Saarnio. That's true there are places that are worse----    Ms. Saarnio. Yes. Thank you, Representative, for bringing that up. I really appreciate you mentioning that because what we're talking about is the Merida Initiative. It's our security initiative with Mexico. We have been working with Mexico extensively since 2008. We have invested about $1.4 billion right now in trying to improve the security situation in Mexico by working with the Mexican Government at the Federal, state and local levels, and we actually have seen areas where we have made progress, and we think a lot of that progress is because of our presence on the ground.    If we're working in Ciudad Juarez or in Tijuana or in Monterrey, our law enforcement officials, our military officials, can work with Mexican counterparts to give them advice, to lend assistance when they need it, to provide training if possible; and it's because of the funding provided by Congress, which we're very grateful for, where we have been able to actually make some in-roads and help Mexico establish the rule of law and the system that they are seeking.    Ms. Saarnio. I think it would be very tragic not to have our colleagues down there in Mexico. They work very well every day on a daily basis with our counterparts all over the country.    Ms. Saarnio. They're based at the embassy primarily, but they're also based at several of our consulates, yes. So in some of the cases where we have had the most success, it's where our officials were working locally with the officials locally; so, yes, it would have an impact, and I think it would be detrimental to not have it.    Ms. Saarnio. Well, we believe the strong presence of our consulates actually helps establish the security. Not only are we providing for the security of American officials, American citizens who are there, but we also can work with local authorities and, as I said, to help them rebuild their institutions and help the Mexican Government achieve what it's seeking to do.    Our colleagues are really working all over the country all the time with the Mexican Government; and we're trying to help them achieve their goals.    Ms. Saarnio. Thank you, Congressman. That's an excellent question. Our consulates are very active with the business community on the ground in dealing with both security issues, but also in promoting the trade and the business that goes back and forth. The U.S. and Mexico share this very close North American trading relationship, but it's gotten deeper in the last 20 years after NAFTA. I have to say that I think our consulates, besides providing daily contact with the American companies there, they support business documents need to be signed. They need to be notarized. They need to help moving freight across the border. If something gets stopped because of the lack of paperwork or something, they'll work with them to help facilitate, and they make that trade more efficient on a daily basis.    Our consulates are very active in working with that, and it is my understanding the business community is very supportive of an active presence by the consulates in those regions.    Ms. Saarnio. Thank you, Congresswoman. I think the problem of violence in Mexico and as it crosses over in the United States is a problem that we share with Mexico. We share a common border. We share many issues. They're multifaceted issues. I think we have to deal with problems on our side of the border and the Mexicans have to deal with problems on their side of the border, and we do work very closely with them on it. But I am sure that if we were to deal with some of these issues in our side, they would be appreciated in Mexico.    Ms. Saarnio. Sir, I have some figures from last year and this year. If we're talking about U.S. citizens----    Ms. Saarnio. --we believe from the reports that we have that in 2014 we had a total case of 146 kidnappings reported, U.S. citizens. And in this year through September 8, we have had 64 cases reported.    Ms. Saarnio. Other crimes are also down. In terms of violent crimes, we look at murder cases. Last year we had--there were about 100 murder cases reported of homicides involving American citizens. This year we're counting 89 so far to date.    Ms. Saarnio. Not to my knowledge, no.    Ms. Saarnio. Sir, we provide guidance in our travel advisories by state and even by city, and there is specific guidance for Acapulco. I'm not sure over there what it is right now. Typically, we advise people, you know, stay off the streets at night in these dangerous places. Stay closer to home. If we know of a particular type of violence that's going to occur, we'll issue a warning.    So I think, you know--we think it's manageable, but we do have to monitor the situations, and we have to monitor the risk and take measures to mitigate against those risks when they happen.    Ms. Saarnio. We have 2,800 employees, that includes our locally-engaged staff as well, and the mission in Mexico. I don't have a number for how many have been involved in crimes, but it's minimal. I don't know that we have those at hand right now.    Ms. Saarnio. Since 1985.    Ms. Saarnio. Two Americans have been killed.    Ms. Saarnio. Since 1985.    Ms. Saarnio. That's right.