    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member. Mr. Steinle, I add, again, as I know all Members have done, sympathy to you and your family. The sound of the violent act against your daughter simply penetrated around this Nation and beyond. I would also indicate, Chief Jones, that any time we lose someone in the line of duty, we, too, feel that pain. And frankly, we should try to find the solutions that we need to find.    So let me just offer a few thoughts in the instance of the facts in San Francisco, but I think it is important to join in my colleague from Texas and say that the laws that are on the books that are legal should be enforced as they relate to immigration issues in this country.    Those of us who support comprehensive immigration reform in no way view that reform as coddling criminals. They stand aside from the population of families, of students, of workers, who have come in this country to do good and not to do harm. And I think that when we get into a process of viewing one group of wanting not to abide by the immigration laws and another group as, then it is a misrepresentation of many of the American people who support our perspective.    And I might just add one thought. When you have deferred adjudication, that is actually a legal use that can be utilized under the term ``prosecutorial discretion,'' which ICE has and a number of other agencies have. It is not in this instance that I think that prosecutorial discretion played out in any way. It did when we speak of these young DREAMers that have been allowed to stay and go to school.    But what I do want to make note of is that I wish the clock could have been turned back on this terrible tragedy, and just make mention that the individual in question in your daughter's tragic circumstances was in the Federal Bureau of Prisons. They did hold this individual, and in March 2015 transferred him to the custody of the San Francisco's sheriff's office on a 20-year-old warrant for a marijuana charge with the expectation that the district attorney would pursue. We wish this had not happened, but what did not happen, which was a simple act, was a phone regarding Mr. Lopez-Sanchez's statement or status.    This bill dealing with the sanctuary cities and removing all opportunity for such cities, and frankly why do we not all agree that that name connotes a problem for many, because it suggests that you are giving sanctuary to everybody, has a right to stay under that umbrella, crooks, and criminals, and bad actors. And I want you to know that is absolutely not the case. It was utilized in a time when people came and did not speak English, and they were afraid of harm. And the only way that law enforcement officers could do their effective job was to be able to find out who did it.    So I want to ask--yes. I am not seeing the name, and I am looking for my list. I always like to call the name, but I will call it in a moment. But, yes, did I characterize if we use a different term other than ``sanctuary.'' We are not giving sanctuary to crooks and criminals, are we?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Okay. With respect to sanctuary cities, we are not attempting to give, and I do not particularly hold to the name. It comes out of a religious basis of sanctuary, and I appreciate my faith community who started out trying to help people who are in need.    My question to you, in the law enforcement, it is not a refuge for crooks and criminals. Is that correct? That is not the definition of ``sanctuary city.''    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, let me just without not being one, however, an overall position, you do not perceive that anyone is trying to protect anyone that is a criminal with an established criminal record. You would not perceive that to be the case.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the Chairman for allowing him to answer, and I have a number of statements from law enforcement that oppose H.R. 3009, Mr. Chairman: The National League of Cities and the National Conference of Mayors; the Major County Sheriffs' Association; and the Fraternal Order of Police. I ask that the statements be put into the record.****---------------------------------------------------------------------------    ****Note: The material referred to was previously submitted. See pages 18, 20, and 27.---------------------------------------------------------------------------