    Dr. Bigot. Certainly.    Dr. Bigot. Thank you very much. Thank you, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and distinguished--sorry. I would like also to recognize the full committee Chairman Smith, which was there a few minutes ago.    I'm grateful and deeply honored for this opportunity to present to you the status of progress on the ITER project. May I have the first slide?    So you see on this slide the worksite, okay, we have something old, which is the steel frame just in front of you, and just behind is a tokamak pit. It was recorded in last September, and I hope you will be able to view the video we have prepared for you. It will show the real progress and the very short time.    Next slide, please.    As you know, the project started in 2007, and after nearly ten years--it will be ten years, okay, on next January--it was obvious for many that we have some organizational shortcoming. And is why in a management assessment report, which has been provided by Bill Madia, Dr. Bill Madia in 2013, they point out some specific issue which have to be fixed.    This is why in early August 2014 I was questioned if I could consider to take some responsibility in order to help this project, and after nearly 12 years as a head of Atomic Energy Commission and Alternative Energies Commission in France, I consider such possibility. But I said I want to do it only after we have an agreement of an action plan to be sure that all the ITER members support the recovery plan we needed. And is why we tried to fix, okay, the organization.    We decide on--about effective decision process. We set up Executive Project Board. We gathered together project team in such a way we have an integrated, okay, way to proceed with domestic agencies, seven domestic agencies, which have to provide nearly 90 percent of the value of the project. And I am very pleased to say that we have made very important progress in this field.    The second important point was to freeze the design. When you are to build the machine now, you need to have really a full, okay, finalization of the design. And as you see on the vacuum vessel sector, nine of them are like this. There is many, many piece to assemble. So if you have no finalization of the design, it will delay the delivery. Now on the most important for me is ITER Organization as a design responsible and as the owner of the project must not be a limiting step on any progress for the project.    Also, we develop a large, okay, project culture, nuclear recognition of--it is a statement we have to do, and I am pleased to see that the whole staff now is moving on in this direction. But may be the most important for me is to have a schedule. And when I come in, I discover that, okay, many people don't feel that the schedule wasn't right. And it's why we tried to fix it. I am pleased to say that we have made it okay as of last November. The ITER council agrees on the first years and we set up some milestones.    Next slide, please.    And so you see some of the milestones, and I don't want to depict it in detail, but really it's impressive how large the progress has been made once we free the energy of the suppliers and have a clear plan.    Next slide, please.    Some other milestones, as you see.    Next.    Okay. The most important was for the ITER members to have an assessment of our proposal as a schedule, and is why, we have an independent review panel. And I'm very pleased to say that on time the panel has delivered its report. On last Friday, April 15, we've, as you see, quite a positive assessment on the way we are proceeding.    Next slide.    Okay. And now we expect that on the basis of this report that we will be able to have a final decision, okay, on 27th of April I expect that the ITER council extraordinary meeting will be able to examine the finding of those independent report and give full guidance on the next steps. And on the next two ITER Council, we will have approval of the baseline in such a way we can move on to First Plasma first and after to DT, deuterium-tritium commissioning.    Next slide.    Now, okay, why is the U.S. and the many ITER members has to stay in in this larger project is because I do believe it's worth for them to share their capacity. We've limited investment, nine percent, while it would be a 100 percent return due to the full sharing of intellectual property and operational know-how.    Next slide.    As you know, the United States is largely contributing. with many national labs been involved in. And you imagine that if the U.S. alone or any other ITER members has to contribute all together, it will take much more time.    Next steps, okay.    Not only we are developing technology for fusion but for many other cutting-edge technologies and superconducting materials under final distribution and all these things.    Next.    you see here a map which show that many States in the U.S. is involved in the industrialization of this project. Nearly $800 million has been already awarded to the industry. Eighty percent are spent fully in the United States of taxpayer money from the United States and even more, all the partners are requesting the U.S. industry to deliver.    Next.    Here is a full list of all the potential suppliers in the, okay, last time.    Next. Next. Okay.    And we do believe it's important that it is agreed to global sense of urgency about the importance of fusion as you depict because whatever we do, we need to provide more energy due to the increase in population and also the increase in the level of livestyle now.    Next.    Addressing also some environmental concerns, and you see we depict some possibility. And there is not a silver bullet. We have to make some innovation in order to be able to, okay, fulfill the expectation of energy supply. And there's big players are not only the United States but also some others, and we have not able to move on. It will be difficult. And I'm very pleased to tell you that last weeks I was in China, and China is now pushing very hard in order to be able to deliver.    Last slide, I do believe.    Fusion is really making the case, as you mentioned, clean, safe, abundant, and economic energy potential.    And last slide.    Just to show you that we are now moving on, okay, with this picture. And if you agree, we could have this video just showing you, okay, how it is now in the last few days on the working site.    Thank you for your attention, and I'm ready to listen to any of your question.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. Bigot. It's clear that it's a long-term commitment for all the seven ITER members, and I do believe that the best would be for the ITER members to have referral and open discussion in such a way that any proposal we could make could be fully examined and supported. And it's why it is so important that the seven members feel fully committed to support what we call the "best technically achievable schedule" in such a way that we have all the milestones--we have now clearly a position on this road. We have the full support.    I really appreciate that you would give us the opportunity to make more largely--warn us, share among all the ITER members about the importance of continuous support.    Dr. Bigot. You know, I want to be very clear. We have not to oversell, okay, the schedule. For example, I just want to let you know that for many factorings a big vacuum vessel sectors. There are nine that I mentioned there. We know we could not do it before three years and eight months, okay? It takes time if we want to be able to really deliver.    The ITER project now want to demonstrate clearly that we will have, okay, massive production, a sustainable production, and it is leading-edge, okay, technologies and it takes time, okay. It's a nuclear facility. We need to absolutely work on quality and safety, and for me, I'm very supportive of the alternative, okay, development, which could be brought in because I do believe it will be worth once we have as ITER demonstration to integrate some of these things. But as long as we have not seen the real breakthrough with, okay, the yield of factor of ten and when compared with the energy it is consuming in order to heat the plasma it will be difficult to accommodate.    Again, we have to think about, for example, for developing the superconducting coils now, it takes nearly, okay, 30 years, okay, on all the best expert worldwide in national labs in order to secure an industry production, okay. So from my point of view we are not to raise too much expectation.    The most important for me is to keep now on schedule. We have a clear schedule, okay. It will take, as you say, okay, ten, eleven years to have the first plasma done, and I do believe it will be the best demonstration of the availability of this technology to be able to afford according to the best schedule we have.    Dr. Bigot. Yes. Clearly, I'm pleased to see that in the world many countries are looking to fusion, as you do yourself, and I'm very pleased to see some new companies starting in order to demonstrate if there is some innovation. And I'm clear to you that some country now are questioning us as to whether we could accept if they could join us as a new ITER member. So very soon I will discuss with some of these countries in order to see if they could fulfill the regulation and the rules to join the ITER.    Dr. Bigot. And I will let you know as soon as, okay, we will be there. It could help us because, as you know, there is over-cost and so if these people bring in and are decided to be really a member, it will reduce the difficulty to find, okay, the financial request we are now facing.    Dr. Bigot. According to me, yes. We have been working for so long and all----    Dr. Bigot. Okay. And we are--yes. And we are now benefiting of all the experience. You know, when the project start, it was quite difficult challenge to fix everything, but now after the ten years, I do believe if we have a proper management, we will be able to deliver on time.    Dr. Bigot. Yes. According to me, you are correct. It was really very well point out and underlined that computing facility is very, very important asset for the developing of these technologies.    As you know now, within the ITER we have what we call a broader approach. With Japan, for example, we have a computer specially dedicated to the modeling of the plasma and all of the, okay, operation and factors.    But I would say that now the ITER project is a really challenging engineering, okay, goal and is why it's bringing us so much to have this computing capability. And if you come onsite, you will see we have what we call a virtual room where all the engineers day after day are able to see how this piece will be fully assembled, how we can maintain them, how we could take advantage of the optimization of the process. So computing for me is really something which could help a lot in the future.    Dr. Bigot. I could start. For me from my point of view as ITER, as everybody knows in the world, the United States has the most advanced, okay, in science and technology industry. So the best we could expect is to train excellent engineers, excellent scientists, and invite them to join the effort because the staff will be the best asset to move forward more rapidly.    And so for me it's very important that we have a clear long-term vision, okay, a real roadmap to deliver in such a way we built trust for the new generation to be involved in these works. As we discussed here, it's a few years ahead of us when we will be able to operate a facility, and the best is to have new generation to be involved in this field according to my views.    Dr. Bigot. As you know, this project is so large that just one single country cannot afford it. You have to think about that we are building huge magnetic cages. The size of it is 20 meters, I would say, with a precision which is millimetric. So if we just considering one country, whatever powerful it could be, it will be too long to clearly demonstrate.    So for me it's very important again, as I stress the point, that the United States be committed on the long-term and could contribute--they contribute with their staff, as I mentioned. They could contribute also with many other technologies, okay.    The project--the ITER project, as any others, okay, fusion project, request a lot of different technology, cryogenics, electro techniques, materials, and all these things. And so all these part could be gathered, okay, and I expect, as it was told by your Dr. Prager and Dr. Hsu, that there is strong support for all these basic research which could contribute to accelerate the proper delivery of the fusion technology in the world in the very next two decades really.    Dr. Bigot. Globally, globally, yes, with the seven members, yes. It is----    Dr. Bigot. Okay. Right now, I do believe it's below two billion, but it is more to the U.S. ITER project office to speak about because myself, as the IO, have not the precise number because a different domestic agency has to provide in-kind, and I've not precise knowledge----    Dr. Bigot. Okay. It's quite difficult to give you a precise answer again as I explained to you because seven member has to bring, okay, their in-kind contribution, okay, each member, China, Russia, India, and so--and so the labor cost, for example, is not exactly comparable, okay. So again, I have no consolidation of the global cost which has already been spent. I can say clearly what has been spent, for example, in the ITER organization, where we are on the order of 250, 300 million, no more, okay, one billion per year on the last year, so this is below three billion, which has been spent already.    My expectation now, if we have some equivalency with what we call the European currency-because the European currency so far is used for measurement of the cost-altogether it will be spending including, commitments, on the order of twelve million--of twelve billion.    Dr. Bigot. Spent is no more than $7 billion according to my view.    Dr. Bigot. Yes.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. I don't believe in the U.S. you have spent 9 billion, okay----    Dr. Bigot. Oh, 900, okay, yes, okay. Sorry, I miss the point. Yes, I agree with you.    Dr. Bigot. Yes, it is of this order. As I explained to you, we've----    Dr. Bigot. Okay. As you know, we have made, okay, this best achievable schedule. We've come with some cost estimates, and the cost estimates, for the first plasma from the point of view of the ITER, okay, the central organization is on the order of four billion more.    Dr. Bigot. Yes. And so----    Dr. Bigot. Because----    Dr. Bigot. Okay.    Dr. Bigot. Altogether it is an increase of four billion. And again, I don't speak about the in-kind which is, okay, the responsibility of the different ITER members. So----    Dr. Bigot. --altogether my expectation that the cost for this project ready for operation will be of the order of 18 billion of euro. I speak in euro.    Dr. Bigot. Okay.    Dr. Bigot. Yes. Yes.    Dr. Bigot. Yes.    Dr. Bigot. Yes, of this order, okay, I do believe you are--this is the right order.    Dr. Bigot. According to me, the science is quite robust, taking advantage of all the work which has been done worldwide. The main challenge now is engineering and industrial----    Dr. Bigot. --and I do believe that, okay, more and more we are moving on. More and more we are confident that we will deliver.    Dr. Bigot. Yes.    Dr. Bigot. Okay.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. So the point is the following. As you know, the ITER project is a research project, and you're asked to demonstrate the, okay, capacity of materials, of good process, and all these things, and is why it will be a living project. In my expectation we have all the capacity of the scientists and engineers, okay, there is great chance that we will fulfill.    In any case, I do believe this project could be so beneficial to the world that it is really worth to try and to demonstrate.    Dr. Bigot. And again, we spoke----    Dr. Bigot. I know.    Dr. Bigot. Including ITER.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. When--again, I want to point out that the United States now has the sharing of nine percent, okay, and with all the effort made by all the other partners, you have good chance to have 100 percent, okay, rewarding with all the knowledge and the, okay, knowledge we bring in.    So, again, as you know, I have been working on energy for years and years. I do believe that in the world we'll be facing real challenge when we will see that fossil fuel we rely on more than 80 percent now will be depleting. We know. It is obvious. I don't know if it is in ten years or is a century, but it will be, and if we have no alternative technology in order to produce massively energy, okay, complementary with the renewable energy, we will--the world will face real difficulty.    So again, I do believe it is worth to go as far as we can in order to make full demonstration. Fusion has worked for years in the sun and stars, as Dr. Prager says, so why very talented scientists and engineers will not be able to deliver? My trust is that they will do so, provided that they have good support.    Dr. Bigot. May I start? Yes. Okay. I do believe that the main problem which will have--okay, there is two main problem from my point of view. Once--okay, the ITER will have in delivery, okay, full demonstration that we could have, okay, 500 megawatt coming out of the 50 megawatt we will put in.    It is materials, okay. When we will have continuous production of plasma energies, with some energy flux with neutrons which are as large as 20 megawatt per square meter, when we know, for example, when many----    Dr. Bigot. Yes, on the diverter.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. So all we could manage is some material which could be able to sustain such a flux continuously.    And the second, we know if we want to take full advantage of the investment of industry or tokamak, we've--okay, the superconducting coils which could last for very long because there is no real use with, okay, superconducting coils because there is no energy dissipation, as you know. And so it will be the remote handling. How could we change some of the piece, for example, okay, tiles which will be facing the plasma or we could make all this remote handling properly done in such a way that, okay, we could take the best investment and have a long lifetime, okay, expectation for the delivery.    So in order to come to the point you mentioned about the economy: it is a big investment, but if the operational costs in the long lifetime of the equipment are very low, it will be quite economical process.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. Right now, there are several studies. As we know, ITER is the first of a kind, okay, and we have a lot of equipment around, the technology and so on. So the people mentioned to me very recently that when we will be moving to a real industrial facility, maybe the cost will be down compared to the cost of the ITER facility----    Dr. Bigot. Okay. From my point of view all the studies I have seen so far we expect that the cost of the electricity which will come is--from such a facility will be around, okay, what we call 100 euro--I speak in euro, okay, which will be 100, okay, dollars, okay, per megawatt, as you have now, for example, with some of the, okay, windmills or solar energy.    Dr. Bigot. So it would be comparable.    Dr. Bigot. Yes.    Dr. Bigot. Yes, you're right. It's quite a challenge to have these 35 different nation with different culture, different, okay, ways to proceed working altogether. But I do believe it's a precondition for the ITER to move forward because, as I said, it's a large investment, okay, large industrial capacity. If we have not all these partners around the table, it will be difficult.    If I would start from scratch with return of experience we have, I do believe that it would have been much better if what we propose in the action plan was accepted from the very beginning, which mean the DG--the Director General has full, okay, power to take any technical decision which is needed for the project even though the partners are making in-kind contribution, which is good because it allows the industry to develop, okay, to, okay, foster innovation in many fields.    I do believe the key point is the decision-making process. In the beginning it was not clear enough that it is an industrial project, and we have to empower the Director General with all, okay, the support and agreement of the ITER council members that he has capacity to decide. And I'm very pleased that I was able to convince the seven ITER members, when I elaborated and developed this action plan that they understood that, and they really support me during the past 12 month on this matter.    Dr. Bigot. Oh, no. I do believe that we have now, okay, tried it to change the culture not from just the top managers--    Dr. Bigot. --but down to all the staff in order that we work in what I call an integrated way. Everybody has to feel that they are the owner of this global project, and fully accountable for its progress. This is why it is so important to have a schedul and to stick to the schedule-with many clear milestone in such a way that everybody feels fully committed to deliver.    Dr. Bigot. The problem is to be able to have sustainable production, you know, as you speak about the weapon-okay, we are able to deliver a huge amount of fusion energy, but to make it in a sustainable, fully controlled way is much more challenging as you could expect.    So again, this technology is very challenging. Requiring many different advanced technologies in cryogenics, in electromagnetics, and so on. Quite recently, I visit China where they have been able to assess and clearly demonstrate that we have what we call the feeders, which are the cables which will provide electricity to the coils--to the superconducting coils. They succeed to demonstrate that we could have as much--as many as, okay, nearly 70,000 amperes flowing through that, okay. It's really challenging. We push the technology very, very advanced, and making all this work as a system is really challenging.    I don't, okay, believe that it was a minor achievement, with the weapon as you mentioned, 64 years ago. But again, is something really different to master these technologies over the long-term, to have a consistent continuous production of energy.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. I do believe it is what was said, very highly coordinated project with all the piece in order to move forward. And again, if the President of the United States and the other ITER members decide to have, okay, first fusion producing by 2025, 2028, according to the best of all knowledge now we have after five--after ten years of the ITER project, I do believe it's feasible if we have a highly coordinated way.    And I agree: now we know what we have to do and we could accelerate. But again, I don't want to oversell. Okay. It takes time if we want to do it, okay, right, safely, okay. When you have so many piece to assemble, okay, and it is very requiring--again, I stress the point that you have to move large piece, which are the same size as the one you are moving in the shipyard and to put them with millimetric precision-you can not rush so rapidly.    So again, do it straight in order to have this demonstration facility but in parallel to have some more which could consolidate the reliability of the installation in the facilities.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. Again I will stress the point. For sure money is important, but industrial and scientific capacity for me are even more important. And if the United States, okay, which are now the most powerful, as I said, in science and, okay, industry, will pull out from the ITER, it will be a real drawback for the project. It's not so easy to recover from expertise which has been developed in this country in the condition which was explained, okay, just in a few minutes.    So for me, again, I will really stress out that it is very important that all the ITER members and even, as it was said, some new one come in in such a way we get the best of the knowledge because we need absolutely frontiers, okay, expertise in many, many fields, and it was not easy to afford.    I just want to point a fact. When we start with the ITER, okay, the superconducting material, the superconducting material we need, it was 15 tons produced per year worldwide. In many different, okay, facility, we have no standard quality. We need this specific material 650 tons in order to be able to make, okay, ITER working. And so we have been coordinating the work, and if, okay, some partners was missing, we will fail. It takes six years to develop all this because now we have a 115-tons-per-year capacity. So, again, this project is so large due to the physics.    According to my point of view, you could not expect to deliver, okay, massive fusion, okay, power if you have not the proper size to do that. I could explain to you in more detail, you know----    Dr. Bigot. So you know that. You know that.    Dr. Bigot. Okay. I want to make you fully aware that when I come in with my own, okay, professional experience, when I dedicate myself to something, I want to deliver. It's why I have been working very, very straight in order to have a best evaluation of the cost of the schedule we propose, and I'm very pleased to say that as an independent review panel with 14 best world expert has been going through all our schedule and, okay, cost estimate and I show on my slide they say it is complete, it is available, and we believe to do that.    And now I want all the, okay, IO staff, domestic agency, ITER organization staff, domestic agency staff, and suppliers to feel fully committed to deliver within budget and within, okay, schedule.    Dr. Bigot. So clearly, there is a large interest of fusion in the world. I expect that the United States will stay in. If not, for me the project is so important that we will have to go on and on, okay. But again, I am not really envisaging such hypothesis because I do believe if we are clear enough in what are the benefit for the United States to stay in, they will feel that it is worth to move on.