    Ms. Pons. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Natalie Pons and I'm senior vice president and assistant general counsel with CVS Health. We appreciate the opportunity to testify on the critical role that pharmacists and pharmacies play in local community all across America in providing convenient access to affordable high quality prescription drugs within the vibrant marketplace in which we compete.    From our company's earliest days CVS Health has been singularly focused on helping people on their path to better health. Our values are the same as those of our consumers, businesses and communities we serve. We want to make health care more accessible and help improve health outcomes in more affordable effective ways.    Our goal is to work with health plans, employer plans and government plans who contract with us to ensure that their enrollees have access to a well coordinated, safe and affordable prescription drug benefit.    Our patient centered model is organized around how consumers access and use medication. It provides multiple points of care and extends across all of our business units. Our pharmacy benefit management program, our retail mail specialty and long-term care pharmacies, our Medicare part D plan and our MinuteClinics.    In addition to our active medication adherence and care coordination for chronically ill patients, we also provide access to key preventative care such as vaccinations, smoking cessation and weight loss programs.    Our overriding commitment to improving American's health is the main reason we decided to end tobacco sales last year and forego $2 billion in annual revenue. CVS Health is proud of its commitment to and success in constraining prescription drug costs through the discounts in savings we share with our consumers business, labor, health plan and government partners while helping to improve outcomes.    Using our clinical tools we're able to help keep premiums low and save tens of billions of dollars for patients, employers and taxpayers. Our success is driven by on how effectively we help our partners and patients achieve the best return on their health care dollars. We manage prescription drug benefits on behalf of a diverse set of purchasing partners that include health plans, as well as employer and government plans including Medicare part D and State managed Medicaid programs.    Health care purchasers rely on pharmacy benefit managers to negotiate the lowest possible prices from drug manufacturers, put together networks that provide convenient access to pharmacists and pharmacy services and provide a portfolio of clinical programs and services that help ensure positive outcomes and secure overall value for both the patients and clients alike.    To help us achieve this outcome, we encourage the use of cost effective generics over more expensive branded products which helps consumers and plans save money on prescription drugs, without compromising clinical efficacy. To be clear though, our role in the design of these plans is advisory, the plans always have the final say when creating their drug benefit and how it is implemented.    Competition in the PBM industry has aptly described as vigorous by the Federal Trade Commission. In fact there are 30 different large and mid sized PBMs that offer businesses, Labor, consumers and government a variety of choices when considering options for best managing of pharmacy benefit.    In addition, the pharmacy marketplace is a very competitive one, with over 60,000 pharmacies in the United States, consumers in all parts of the country have many outlets to fill their prescriptions. To ensure broad based access our PBM contracts with every category of pharmacy, including drugstore chains, grocery stores and over 20,000 independent pharmacies. We welcome competition indeed our success is predicated on it. Healthy competition drives innovation and allows us to effectively help the consumer business labor health plan and government partners that we serve achieve the best returns on their health care investments.    We look forward to working with the Members of this Committee and others to continue promoting a competitive health care landscape. Thank you for this opportunity to testify and I'll be happy to take your questions.    Ms. Pons. Thank you----    Ms. Pons. Yes, yes. Every day our company gets up and what we do is try to get the best prices on behalf of our clients to help keep their premiums down for their members and help keep costs affordable.    And, you know, we'll agree, there have been some very egregious examples in the marketplace that I think we all find shocking. Beyond that, as Ms. Bricker testified, we do think that a combination of the clinical tools that we have available as well as our ability to negotiate with pharmaceutical manufacturers, together with some of the important policies that she talked about in terms of getting more competitive products into the marketplace, whether that's, more generics, more biologics, lower cost of site of care, those things in combination can go a long way to helping curb these issues.    Ms. Pons. That's an excellent question. And a fair question to ask. You know, we put together our MAC list so that we can encourage pharmacies to try to buy generic products at the lowest possible cost. Having said that----    Ms. Pons. Yeah. And so we want them to buy at lowest possible cost, but we also want them to get a fair margin. In order for us as a PBM to meet our commitments to our clients, we need to have our network have a very high dispensing of generic rates within the network. If we are paying pharmacies prices that are lower than their acquisition costs, pharmacies aren't going to go do that. So we try very, very hard to make sure that they get a fair margin.    Are there going to be times when a particular drug they dispersed are under water? Absolutely. But what we do look at the pharmacies overall reimbursement across all of their generic claims to try to ensure that they are getting a fair margin so that they are incented to dispense as many generic as possible.    Ms. Pons. Yeah. The other thing I would say and I think it is typical for other companies in the industry, there is an appeals process so if that's happening, you know, we're making certain assumptions because we don't know what every pharmacy in the network is buying their product at. We are trying to do our best to estimate what their cost is.    And if there are situations where they are losing more than they are winning on, there is an appeals process where we can address that. Again, it is not in our interest to have pharmacies not want to dispense generics because it is going to cost our clients more money.    Ms. Pons. Thank you for that question, Ranking Member Johnson. It is a new acquisition, we are I think already 4 months into this after, you know, spending an extensive process with the FTC going through this. This is a completely new line of business for CVS Health, but one that we thought was very important to continue our various touch points that we have with patients. And as you point out, a very vulnerable patient set. And we think that with our other assets that we have, for those patients that leave those facilities, that we can better integrate them and coordinate their care better.    So we feel like it's a great addition to what we do best, which is trying to coordinate care at the lowest possible cost and improve outcomes and we are anxious to move forward with it.    Ms. Pons. We have a team of people that are constantly monitoring various market sources, to see what's happening with drug acquisition costs and are compliant with State laws that if there are market forces that suggest we need to make updates sooner than that, we do.    Ms. Pons. Yeah, no. We are fully supportive of transparency with our clients. What we are not supportive of is transparency of our proprietary information with our competitors and in fact I think the FTC has said on a number of occasions that that transparency can actually have the opposite affect in terms of reducing cost.    And so our clients have very extensive audit rights which they exercise regularly, and to ensure they are getting the benefit of the bargain that they struck with us, so we are completely supportive of transparency with our clients. And if we did not make that available to them, they would look for another vendor that did.    Ms. Pons. We believe that if our competitive pricing that we have with our clients was made more publicly available and our competitors were aware of that, whether that's rebates or network rates or other proprietary terms, we believe that, that could actually result in higher prices, because there isn't an incentive to make your prices lower. Because then everybody's cannibalizing the market.    Ms. Pons. Yeah. I guess I would just say that's a little foreign to my experience in working with the PBM day in, day out. We make formularies available to clients. Typically generics are on the first tier, preferred brands, and then nonpreferred brands, and the client can either elect to have that formulary or choose one for themselves--or make one up for themselves, and that's what is the foundation of their plan benefit.    You know, my experience is clients are very smart. They're very demanding. They're sophisticated. If they don't have that sophistication themselves, they'll higher consultants that do. And they're going to look for the best possible deal for themselves as well as offering an attractive benefit to their plan members.    Ms. Pons. Yeah, and I think there have been a couple of different reports. The one I think you're referring to is the one in 2005 where they investigated whether there was, in fact, a conflict of interest between PBMs and owning mail service pharmacies. And the findings of that report was that they did not believe there was; and that, they saw that there were more savings with the PBM-owned mail versus a non-PBM-owned mail pharmacy as well as over retail pharmacies; and that mail service pharmacies were very good at generic dispensing and were very closely aligned with client incentives.    Ms. Pons. Yes, we did go through an investigation after the CVS Caremark merger that started in 2009 and I believe ended in 2012 that looked at a number of activities but primarily trying to assess whether or not there was anything that was anticompetitive. And they looked at our firewall and a number of our programs.    And at the end of the review, they determined that there were no anticompetitive findings, and that's in the closing letter. There was, however, a legacy issue around one of--a company that we had acquired and some information that they had inaccurately placed on Plan Finder, and so we had a consent order around that. But there was nothing related to any anticompetitive activity.    Ms. Pons. Yeah. And I've seen that study as well, and, you know, I would even say more practically day in, day out, you know, with the thousands of clients that we negotiate with, they've got very specific targets for us in terms of what we're going to do for savings for them in terms of, you know, generics and preferred brands. And so we have to live up to those commitments every day.    Ms. Pons. Yes.    Ms. Pons. No, we have multiple clients. We have thousands of clients, so----    Ms. Pons. We make----    Ms. Pons . Our client list match what our----    Ms. Pons. I'm not aware either.    Ms. Pons. Yeah. I actually have a very similar answer to hers in the sense that we do our best to try to estimate what we think people are buying at and put a reasonable margin on that because we want them to dispense generics.    Ms. Pons. Yes, that we make every effort to do that, yes.    Ms. Pons. No----    Ms. Pons. Yeah. What I can tell you is that our independent pharmacy community gets paid a higher rate of reimbursement on generic products than our own pharmacies do.    And the other thing I would just add to the mix as well, because we haven't talked about this, is the fact that there are a number of very large what are called PSAOs, pharmacy service administrative organizations, that independents belong to. I believe over 80 percent of the independent pharmacies joined one of these big, three Fortune 50 companies, and there's some large independent PSAOs as well. Those are the actual entities that we're negotiating with.    We're not negotiating with, you know, typically, you know, a small, single, independent pharmacy. And so there is a lot of back and forth. And to the extent that we can't make changes sometimes, it's because we've got a contract that's 100 pages long with our client that says everything under the sun that they want in their network. So we're not truly trying to make people's lives difficult for the sake of----    Ms. Pons. Yeah. My comments will be similar to Amy's in the sense that we welcome pharmacies to join PSAOs. It helps us, obviously, to negotiate with, you know, five PSAOs as opposed to 20,000 individual pharmacies, and those PSAOs are able to negotiate very effectively on behalf of their clients. And similarly, we require that the PSAOs share that contract back with the pharmacy, and the pharmacy actually has to tell us in writing that they've designated a PSAO to be their agent for the negotiations.    Ms. Pons. We don't know, you know, the price that others pay. I would just say that----    Ms. Pons. I was going to say, they're, you know, taking their volume through their PSAO to try to get the best deal that they can that is not going to be the same as a Walgreens who has a much greater footprint.    But, you know, as stated earlier in the testimony, we do factor that into the reimbursement that we provide to our independents, and, you know, again, they receive a richer reimbursement for their generics to take that into account.    Ms. Pons. I guess, what I would say is that we welcome anybody that's part of this value chain in helping reduce costs, provide access, and improve health outcomes. To the extent that they can be more efficient, just like we're trying to be more efficient in our PBM and in our pharmacies, we would welcome them to be able to do that because that's going to ultimately help our clients and help our patients that we're all trying to serve.    Ms. Pons. Yeah, no, I agree with that. And independents are a cornerstone of our networks. We don't have any networks that don't include independents. They're important to our clients to have that access. And as Ms. Bricker pointed out, the number that held steady. There were well over 20,000 in the country.    Ms. Pons. I would say we certainly do our best within our own pharmacy channels, whether it's our retail pharmacies or our specialty pharmacies, and particularly our specialty pharmacies that work with patients that have chronic, serious conditions, where they have expertise in particular disease states that a lot of normal pharmacists don't. And they do develop very close relationships with those patients and their caregivers.    Ms. Pons. Yes. And I would just, you know, continue to reiterate the importance of independent pharmacies to our company, and would note that in our preferred Medicare pharmacy networks, over 40 percent of the participants are independent pharmacies. They're just--they're critical to helping us deliver a service to our Medicare population. Thank you for having us.