    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much, Ranking Member Johnson. I appreciate your kindness. We are all under time constraints here. I mean, the Committee is full of them. But before I make my remarks about the subject, I just wanted to congratulate our colleague, Tom Marino, on his new role as Chairman----    Mr. Conyers. Congratulations, sir, on the Subcommittee of Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law. And I look forward to working with him and hope that he will continue in the spirit of collegiality that his predecessor, Spencer Bachus, exemplified during his tenure as Chairman of the Subcommittee, and I know that he will.    And I also see the widow of our former colleague, Bruce Vento, Mrs. Sue Vento, here and present, and I wanted to thank her for coming, acknowledge her presence here in the Judiciary Committee. Bruce Vento represented the 4th District of Minnesota for almost 24 years until his death from mesothelioma, a form of cancer in the lining of the chest cavity often linked to exposure to asbestos fibers. Many of us remember Bruce fondly, a tireless champion of the American worker, the environment, and the homeless. And so, I am very pleased that Mrs. Vento has chosen to continue his fight, their fight, against those who do harm.    I also note that she is joined by a number of asbestos victims, as well as family members who have lost relatives as a result of their exposure to asbestos. Will all they just stand up for one moment, please?    Mr. Conyers. I did know it was that many. Congratulations. Thank you. And I am sure everyone on this Subcommittee appreciates your presence here. You may sit down, please. I understand that among them, there are both Democrats and Republicans, and you come from across the United States, so welcome again. And in spite of your suffering and personal loss, you are here today to help enlighten us about your concerns regarding this legislation. You are all to be commended, and we are glad that you are here. I also want to note the presence of our distinguished witnesses.    I just want to mention before I yield back that H.R. 526, the ``Further Asbestos Claim Transparency Act,'' commonly referred to as the ``FACT Act,'' gives asbestos defendants new weapons with which to harm asbestos victims. It imposes invasive disclosure requirements that would threaten asbestos victims' privacy when they seek payment for injuries from an asbestos bankruptcy trust.    The bill would require disclosure of claimants' sensitive personal information, including their names and exposure histories when they seek payment for injuries from these trusts. This means asbestos victims will be re-victimized by allowing this highly personal and sensitive health information to be irretrievably released into the public domain. Just imagine what insurance companies, prospective employers, lenders, data collectors, and others could do with this private information. Worse yet, these asbestos victims would be more vulnerable to predators.    Although H.R. 526's supporters claim that it is intended to help victims of asbestos exposure, asbestos victims vigorously oppose H.R. 526. In fact, I am not aware of a single victim who supports this bill. And so, it is a proposal that is fundamentally inequitable and requires these bankruptcy asbestos trusts to make certain disclosures that imposes no comparable demands on asbestos victims. Remember, these are the very companies whose products killed or injured millions of Americans. In fact, some manufacturers intentionally concealed information about the known risk of asbestos exposure, and used every trick in the book to avoid liability. They even fought the Federal Government's effort to ban use.    And so, as a result, asbestos continued to be widely used in constructing our homes, offices, public schools, and even this very building in which we are all gathered today. But now, the very manufacturers want Congress to help them by passing H.R. 526, which effectively shifts the cost of discovery away from these defendants to asbestos bankruptcy trusts. So, while today's majority witnesses may claim that the asbestos trust system is rife with fraud, I think we will find out that there is very little merit to this assertion.    And so, I will in closing note that several organizations--the Military Order of the Purple Heart, Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization, AFL-CIO, the Public Citizen Environmental Working, among others--all oppose the legislation. And I yield back my time, and thank the Chairman for his generosity.