    Ms. Schwartz. Thank you. Is this on? Am I good?    Ms. Schwartz. ``Talk''?    Ms. Schwartz. Thank you to Congresswoman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence, and members of the Interior Subcommittee for this opportunity. I am before you today as an author of two books that explore animal-land dynamics, particularly the potential for holistic livestock management to regenerate landscapes.    ``Cows Save the Planet'' looks at soil as a hub for our environmental, economic, and social challenges, and for solutions. ``Water in Plain Sight'' explores how water intersects with climate, biodiversity, food security, and peace and conflict, and how understanding how water works, how it moves across the landscape helps us address such concerns.    Understand, that I never expected to be on this beat; rather, as a journalist driven to explore solutions, I was drawn to the elegant complexity of flourishing ecosystems and the promise of drawing on nature's models to restore balance and vitality to our lands, including through holistic managed grazing.    Basically, whenever there are animals on the land, those animals are having an impact, which can be positive or negative depending on how they are managed. The paradigm for conservation has changed, in that land is not static, but requires biological activity. In nature, plants are to a large extent managed by herbivores and those plant-eating animals are managed by predators. The alteration of the landscape in the absence of natural predators have left a management void. With what we now understand about rangeland systems, this void can be filled in a way that at once bolsters ecological function and economic opportunity.    In my reporting, I've encountered numerous examples of land transformed by restorative grazing. At Zimbabwe at the Africa Center for Holistic Management, the Dimbangombe River flows a kilometer farther than it has in living memory and now runs throughout the year. Despite drought in southern Africa, this land remains productive and supports abundant wildlife, including elephant and lions.    In the Chihuahuan Desert, which spans several states in part of Mexico, I visited an area where holistic ranchers are working with bird conservation organizations to create a corridor for endangered migratory grassland birds. These ranches are islands of grass for the birds, whose numbers have steeply declined due to desertification throughout the region.    In Australia, a rancher I interviewed uses cattle to control excess vegetation, and thus minimize the extent of wildfires.    In each instance, management entails inquiring how nature maintained healthy conditions, and finding ways to mimic or ally with those processes.    Agriculture, including ranching, need not be an extractive industry. It can be regenerative too, as well as consistent with conservation goals. This was noted at COP 21, the global climate conference in Paris last December, with the advent of the 4 per 1,000 Initiative introduced by the French Agricultural Ministry. This initiative, signed by 30 plus nations and several dozens NGOs, calls attention to agricultural means of bolstering carbon levels in the soil. Even at a modest annual rate, increasing soil carbon stocks has important implications for drawing down CO2, bolstering fertility and biodiversity, and enhancing land's ability to retain water, which means added resilience amid the threat of drought, floods, and wildfires.    Every 1 percent increase in soil organic matter, which is mostly carbon, represents an added 20,000 gallons of water per acre that can be held on the land. The loss of this capacity is a story that has been written across much of the U.S., leading to many of our challenges that we face today.    My recommendation is that we do not leave land bare and languishing and hope that it will somehow improve; rather, we should explore strategies that work with natural processes, including holistic planned grazing, restoring the predatory-prey relationship, and reviving populations of keystone species, such as beaver.    One way to ascertain progress is through monitoring basic factors, such as water infiltration and soil carbon levels.    Thank you.    Ms. Schwartz. Absolutely. I haven't studied in particular Federal lands, but we know that much of the land that is under the auspices of the government at this point is desertifying, is deteriorating and degrading, whichever term you choose, and a lot of that does have to do with a lack of understanding of how these ecological processes work.    And one point that I made that I can highlight here is that our appreciation of what conservation means, that paradigm has shifted, because we understand the complexity involved in a functioning ecosystem. And one example, I'd like to talk about that example of the Chihuahuan Desert, because one would not expect conservation professionals and ranchers to be on the same page. However, what they found, that--even though the conservation organizations were focused on the birds, what they found was what was good for the animals was also good for the birds, and that the synergies, the biological synergies of the animals' action on the land when they were managed appropriately, that creates the conditions for the birds to thrive.    So there were these areas where there were--as one wildlife biologist said, were very birdy, you know, that these birds were really doing very well there, and then areas where you could see a little bit of mesquite, and otherwise it was just, you know, dust blowing around, and birds would have nowhere to alight, nowhere to find safety or food. So the point being that all those needs could be met together.    Ms. Schwartz. Okay. First I do feel the need to specifically address the methane question----    Ms. Schwartz. --because, again, that has so much to do with how the animals are managed. So if you have cattle in very close proximity and feedlots, and their waste is going into lagoons, that is a prime scenario for the production of methane. However, what's often not understood--so blaming the cattle for that, you know, that's our management decisions, but also in a natural system, in the soil, in healthy, diverse living soil, there are organisms that consume methane, they are called methanotrophs, these are bacteria.    So if you have healthy grassland, then you've got a cycle within the larger carbon cycle in which there is no methane problem, because the methane is emitted, the methane is consumed by these organisms, and so it's all in balance. So that is not a problem, and I think it's important to have that. Did I get that?    Ms. Schwartz. Did I nail that? Okay.    Wow, climate. I hope it's okay if I--I'm going to kind of--I want to just expand a little bit on climate change, because I think it's really also important to have that in context too.    So when we talk about climate change, particularly in policy and journalism circles, we are often--the phrase tends to be understood as shorthand for too much CO2 in the atmosphere largely from the burning of fossil fuels. So that's important, but I feel that that definition, that understanding of climate change limits us, so the way--my working definition of climate change is manifestations of distorted carbon, water, and energy cycles. And when we look at it that way, then we can start to roll up our sleeves and say, how might we bring those cycles back into balance.    Ms. Schwartz. Okay. Okay. Thank you. So by bringing in the cattle, the animal impact into that--okay. So we've got lots of things happening.    Ms. Schwartz. So the animal activity is bringing carbon into the soil through the waste, through the burying--the bringing into the ground of the organic matter, the plant matter, and having it be worked up upon by the microorganisms, and by keeping the range lands healthy, this bolsters the production of deep-rooted plants, which draw carbon down, one----    Ms. Schwartz. Please.    Ms. Schwartz. I haven't.    Ms. Schwartz. It means that what works in one place doesn't necessarily work in another.    I think I need your help with this.    Ms. Schwartz. Oh. Okay. Okay.    Ms. Schwartz. Yeah. That--that makes sense.    Ms. Schwartz. Right. And I think that's something that Mr. Shelton was alluding to. And when I mentioned at the end here in my suggestions that monitoring is often a very effective way of knowing that you're right, you're doing the right thing, as opposed to checking off the boxes, did I do this, did I follow this, because then you're looking at how it's actually working. And there are some really simple ways of monitoring water infiltration, how much water you're absorbing, and also the soil carbon accumulation.    And just another thing to mention along those lines is that the tools that we have now for assessing land changes with the satellite, mapping, and--interactive mapping and citizen science initiatives, it's really pretty extraordinary and potentially very powerful.    Ms. Schwartz. Yeah. Well, I guess one of the insights that Allan Savory had, and he--and he said he wasn't alone in having this insight, but he articulated it very well, is that grasslands and grazing animals co-evolved, so that the land needs the animals in the same way that the animals need the land. And then he also made the observation that land can be undergrazed as well as overgrazed.    So the lack of all those animals, when we think about the millions and millions of bison across our Great Plains and how that was managing that ecosystem.    Ms. Schwartz. We're doing more harm than good in what context?    Ms. Schwartz. As it's----    Mr. Schwartz. Well, thank you very much. I concur in that it is very possible to bring this understanding and apply this knowledge set of practices, decisionmaking framework, however one characterizes it, to Federal lands. And I guess what I would say is, perhaps the most important aspect of this discussion is to know that it's possible--to know that it's possible to restore landscapes at large scale because I don't think that that is generally understood.    And I also believe that through my reporting, observations and talking to people, that what interferes with our being able to improve our landscapes, to help them be more resilient to fire and floods and droughts, and have them be more vibrant and productive, in many ways, comes down to--what interferes with it is imagination. To know that it could get better.    I think that it's very powerful when Allan Savory put up that image of the National Parkland that was all sand. Because I know that I might--had I not been studying and researching and all of this--go there and say, isn't that stark beauty? Because one assumes that it has always been that way and can never be any different. So we have lost, as we go through generations where many of our lands are losing function, we think that it's always been that way and we don't understand how lush and productive and vibrant our landscapes can be.