    Mr. Gowdy. The Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security. This is a hearing on ``Birthright Citizenship: Is It the Right Policy for America?''    And I would say, at the outset, to my colleagues and to our witnesses, I have a meeting that is going to regrettably take me away. So, at some point, I am going to turn the gavel over, but I want to thank you--because I won't be here at the end--and thank you for participating in this and thank my colleagues as well.    The Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone. And the other administrative note is we are expecting votes in the not too distant future, so we will need to go vote, and then the Members that are able to do so will then come back. And we apologize in advance for any inconvenience, but there is no way to avoid that.    At this point, I will recognize myself for an opening statement only to say that this is an interesting and important topic.    And, with that, I will yield to the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank the gentleman from Iowa.    The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Lofgren, for her opening statement.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Thank you, gentlelady.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair thanks the gentleman from Virginia.    Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    We have a distinguished panel before us.    And I will begin by swearing you in, and then I will introduce you en bloc and then recognize you individually.    So, if you would, please stand and raise your right hand. Do you swear the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God?    May the record reflect all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We will start with Dr. John Eastman. He is the founding director of the Constitutional Jurisprudence Clinic, a public interest law firm affiliated with The Claremont Institute. He also serves as the Henry Salvatori Professor of Law and Community Service at Chapman University Fowler School of Law and also served as the school's dean from 2007 to 2010. Prior to joining the Fowler School of Law faculty, he served as a law clerk for Justice Clarence Thomas at the United States Supreme Court and Judge Michael Luttig of the United States Court of Appeals in the Fourth Circuit. He earned his J.D. From the University of Chicago Law School, where he graduated with high honors.    Next after him will be Professor Lino Graglia--and if I mispronounce anyone's name, forgive me. Professor Graglia serves as the A.W. Walker Centennial Chair in Law at the University of Texas at Austin School of Law. He has been a visiting professor at the University of Virginia School of Law. He has written widely on constitutional law, especially on the judicial review, constitutional interpretation, race discrimination, and affirmative action, and also teaches and writes in the area of antitrust law. He received his J.D. And LL.B. From Columbia University School of Law, where he served as editor of the Law Review, and his B.S. In economics and political science from the City College of New York.    After him will be Mr. Jon Feere. He currently serves as a legal policy analyst for the Center for Immigration Studies. His editorials have appeared in various publications, including U.S. News & World Report and the Washington Times. He received his B.A. In political science and communications from the University of California Davis and his J.D. From America Universities Washington College of Law. While in law school, he worked on this very Subcommittee, which was then known as the Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security, and Claims.    And, finally, Mr. Richard Cohen, currently serves as the president of Southern Poverty Law Center, where he has worked since 1986 when he joined their staff as its legal director. In this position, Mr. Cohen has litigated a wide variety of important civil rights actions, defending the rights prisoners to be treated humanely and working for equal educational opportunities for all children. He is a graduate of Columbia University and received his J.D. From the University of Virginia School of Law.    Welcome to each of you. The lights mean the same thing they mean traditionally in life. Green, go. Yellow, speed up. Red, go ahead and conclude that thought if you would.    Dr. Eastman.  TESTIMONY OF JOHN C. EASTMAN, Ph.D., FOUNDING DIRECTOR, THE     Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Dr. Eastman.    Professor Graglia.    Mr. Gowdy. Professor, I don't want--I don't want to interrupt you. If you--if you could maybe conclude. I hate to interrupt law professors.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you. Thank you, Professor.    Now Mr. Feere.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Feere.    They have called votes. But, Mr. Cohen, I am going to let you give your opening, and then we will recess for votes after that.    Mr. Cohen.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Cohen.    We will recess or adjourn briefly to go vote, and then we will all come back. And we thank you for your patience while we are gone.    Mr. Gowdy. The Committee will come to order. I thank our witnesses for your patience as we went to vote. And I will ask my questions, and then I will turn it over to Congressman King, and then he will recognize Congresswoman Lofgren.    But I want to start by saying to all of them, but in particular I have the openings of Mr. Cohen and Mr. Eastman in mind, and I was talking to a colleague on the way to votes about what an interesting, perhaps even fascinating, legal argument it is and the way that you both approach the law. There was no demagoguery, and there were no personal attacks. And nobody suggested that anybody loved the country more or less than the other. And I want to compliment all four of you for your openings, but Dr. Eastman and Mr. Cohen, in particular, those of us who like the law and are fascinated by the law, it is--it is a legal inquiry to me.    So, against that backdrop, Mr. Cohen, as I read the 14th Amendment and the conjunctive ``and,'' all persons born and subject to the jurisdiction, do you assign meaning to the phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction,'' and if so, what meaning do you assign to it?    Mr. Gowdy. Now, Dr. Eastman, what would you do with Mr. Cohen's analysis and how would yours be different?    Mr. Gowdy. I was somewhat critical. I think it was the Roper case where the Supreme Court relied upon what other countries are doing in the area of capital punishment. I think it was Roper v. Simmons, if I am not mistaken. So it is a little disingenuous for me to cite what other countries are doing as a reason for us to do it, so I'm not doing that. I'm simply asking why did the other countries to the extent they changed their citizenship policy, what informed and instructed the changes that they went through?    Mr. Gowdy. Mr. Feere, I'll give you a couple of minutes, and then I want to give Mr. Cohen a chance to finish up, and then I'll be out of time.    Mr. Gowdy. I am out of time, but I promised Mr. Cohen that he would be able to address it. If you have any insight--and again, I am not often quick to cite what other countries are doing--but if you have anyinsight into why the trend is going in that direction, be happy for the Committee to take it.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I apologize for my colleagues for going over, and I am sure that Mr. King will rectify that as we switch spots, and he recognizes my friend from California.