    Mr. Hunter. The subcommittee will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to examine the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to prevent the smuggling of nuclear materials in U.S. ports and other port security risks. This hearing follows last year's hearing which examined the prevention and response to a dirty bomb at a U.S. port. And we had a classified hearing yesterday. We are going to make sure and skirt around those topics which we talked about yesterday and we are not going to talk about today in an open hearing.    It seems clear that Islamic extremists aspire to carry out a radiological or nuclear attack, so this is a threat that we obviously need to take seriously. If anybody succeeds even once, the consequences would be catastrophic. To be prepared, we must ensure that we have the proper screening and response protocols in place.    Today we will continue to review these efforts as well as the broader governmental efforts to reduce threats to our ports and our borders. I want to thank Chairwoman Martha McSally, who will be here momentarily, and the House Committee on Homeland Security for agreeing to explore this important topic in a joint hearing.    The security of our maritime ports and borders remains a serious concern for the United States. Our Nation relies on the commerce that flows through our ports including the more than 41 percent of foreign trade that is moved on vessels every year. Providing adequate security requires an innovative, multifaceted approach which has to begin far from U.S. shores and has to be flexible enough to keep pace with the ever-changing threats to our national security.    After 9/11, security measures were enacted to better protect our homeland by expanding efforts to detect and deter threats overseas. These efforts include screening cargo manifests before containers are loaded onto a U.S.-bound ship, scanning shipping containers that have been determined to be high-risk, screening ship personnel data, and tracking ships and their cargo as they make their way to our shores. Despite these efforts, we want to make sure that we are still employing the best technology to detect the presence of nuclear or radiological material in containerized cargo.    However, containers are not the only avenue for smuggling harmful materials and weapons into the U.S. ports. Small vessels pose an equally devastating threat and are just as difficult as containers to determine legitimate uses from potential threats. Commercial and recreational small vessels can easily blend into the daily activity of U.S. waterways and can be converted to stand-off weapons platforms, or used as direct attacks to deliver a waterborne IED .    We will hear from our witnesses today on how the Federal Government deploys a whole-of-government, layered approach including law enforcement, technology, and intelligence to detect, deter, and interdict potential threats. These internal measures are combined with treaties and agreements with foreign governments to conduct cooperative enforcement efforts overseas. That is one of the things that I found most interesting about what we are going to hear about today, is how far out we reach and the nations that work with us to make us safe back here at home.    I look forward to continuing our discussion from last year and learning more about the ongoing efforts to keep our ports and Nation safe.    With that, I yield to Chairwoman McSally.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentlelady. Mr. Garamendi is recognized. You are all lucky. You get four opening statements instead of two today. You're welcome.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the ranking member. Mr. Vela is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. All right. We begin our first panel today with Rear Admiral Linda Fagan, the Coast Guard's Deputy Commandant for Operations, Policy, and Capabilities.    Rear Admiral Fagan, you are recognized to make your statement.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Admiral. Our next witness is Dr. Wayne Brasure, the Acting Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office.    Dr. Brasure, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Doctor. Our next witness is Mr. Todd Owen, Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection.    Mr. Owen, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Mr. Owen. Our next witness is Ms. Anne Harrington, the Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation at the National Nuclear Security Administration.    Ms. Harrington, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Ms. Harrington. I am now going to recognize Members for questioning.    I guess the one thing that I am going to comment on is this. With terrorism and Islamic extremism where it is now, and the ability for nonstate actors to get ahold of nuclear weapons, or to get ahold of radiological weapons, or let's just say weapons of mass destruction of any kind, to have it nonattributable to any State, so there is no reciprocity, there is no mutually assured destruction, there is no deterrent for a nonstate actor to do something bad to the United States on a grand scale, because we would have no answer. If they came from Syria, we are not going to nuke Syria. If they came from a bad part of the world and they were nonstate actors, there is nothing we can do back to them as a deterrent. And these are people that will kill themselves and blow themselves up to kill 20 Americans, let alone 20,000 Americans.    So I guess my question is this. Do you see--and this is for everybody--do you see a weapon of mass destruction going off in the United States as inevitable in the next 25 years? Do we need to get right of the boom, as opposed to left of the boom? We talk about getting left, going out as far as we can for the materials and everything. But do you think that it is inevitable that you will have a device go off at some point in the United States by a nonstate actor, and there is nothing we can do about it? So that is my question.    Mr. Hunter. That is all I have got. If no one else has an answer to that one, I am going to recognize Ms. McSally.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentlelady. The ranking member from California is recognized.    Mr. Hunter . I thank the gentlelady. And our next panel is going to be a bunch of super-smart people on technology. So I hope you will stick around for that.    With that, Mr. Curbelo is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. Mrs. Torres is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentlelady. And I would like to point out, too, to Ms. Hahn, we have the RFI that the Department of Homeland Security has put out to--an open RFI that said, ``Hey, come one, come all, bring your technology, bring your best stuff, we want to see it, we want to do this,'' right? It is right here. If anybody would like to see this, too, we have it on hand.    Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your time, for your service to our Nation, and for doing what you do. Because without you we wouldn't have--we would not be as safe as we are now. And I just hope that you are always seeing the new challenges coming up and--especially when, once again, when people will kill themselves to kill 20 Americans, they will happily sacrifice their lives to Allah to kill thousands of Americans. I think that that raises the stakes. Like Ms. McSally said, when you put in--when you combine terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, it is a whole new ball game. And that is where we are right now.    So thank you very much, and we can have our next panel of witnesses come up. Thank you. And I will go ahead and introduce them now.    On our second panel of witnesses, Ms. Jennifer Grover is the Director of Homeland Security and Justice for the U.S. GAO. She will be the first to present testimony. Then we have Dr. Gregory Canavan, a senior fellow of the Los Alamos National Laboratories; Mr. David Espie, the director of security at the Port of Baltimore; and the final witness, Mr. James Weakley, president of the Lake Carriers' Association.    And I would like to preface this next panel. I would hope that everybody that was on the next panel was present here during the first panel. And if you could, let's talk about what we just heard. We had a classified hearing yesterday, we just had this hearing now, and you just heard how our Government offices are trying to treat any kind of weapons of mass destruction, from the far-flung areas of Moldova and Georgia and Ukraine all the way to our shores, checking small boats and also checking with other countries and having them help us by checking stuff as it leaves their nations.    So, Ms. Grover, if you would start, and I don't necessarily have any questions specifically for this panel, but I would like you to comment on what you just heard. Because, I mean, that is the American security system you just saw for weapons of mass destruction. They were just here, they just talked, so I am curious what your take is. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Ms. Grover.    Dr. Canavan, good to see you again. You are recognized.    Mr. Hunter . Thanks, Mr. Weakley. It is kind of funny. We were talking about privateering, actually, when James Madison--and how he gave--he basically deputized American merchant mariners to go protect America's shores and ocean, something we are looking at, a little bit tongue in cheek, but not really. I mean, because that is what--in San Diego we had the same thing, where our sport fishermen are out there on the water every day, watching boats going in from Mexico, and they know who is good and who is bad. And CBP relies on them massively because a lot of these guys are former cops, former security specialists, military, and they are on the water every day. So thank you.    Two things. Ms. Grover, one, do you know--has GAO looked at--let's look at this, let's look at 90 percent of what the Coast Guard does in terms of interdicting drugs and stuff and people, compared to what would happen if you have a nuclear device go off. Have you looked at the percentage of resources, time, and assets that are used for a--for homeland security, meaning stopping a weapon of mass destruction, versus all the other stuff that the Coast Guard does?    Mr. Hunter. So 20 percent, then.    Mr. Hunter. I am just trying to balance out the outcome of a weapon of mass destruction going off versus what they--how much time they spend on this. Because if you combine all the other bad stuff that the Coast Guard stops coming in, I was just--in Colombia you have got cocaine flowing in like water to the U.S. Doesn't seem to be any way to stop it. And a lot of the Members that were with us asked a question, ``Well, hey, what if we took our focus off the drugs and put it on the weapons of mass destruction? What more could we interdict, and how much safer would we be?''    I am curious if the GAO would look at that at some point in the future, saying if the Coast Guard spends 40 percent of its time interdicting weapons of mass destruction, or trying to, and keeping an eye out for those things specifically, how much does that decrease the probability or likelihood of a weapon like that being put on U.S. soil?    Mr. Hunter. That would be great. I think that is important, because then the Coast Guard could look at what they are doing and say, ``Hey, maybe we should spend more time on this.''    Dr. Canavan, I guess the big question is this. Ms. Hahn asked--what is the gentleman's name from CBP? Mr. Owens. He said that they have devices, they have technology right now to be able to look at everything, but not without a human person there, without a person there. And I have seen this stuff.    SAIC in San Diego has got a system that they are selling all over the world--not to us, but all over the world, but it still takes a person there, trained to recognize that that thing--that there is something shielded, that the neutrinos are acting weird around some circular device, or that there's weapons or drugs or--it still takes a person. And I guess their answer is, if you have a person that slows things down massively--that was basically their answer to Ms. Hahn's question was it makes things too slow, it is going to back it up. It is going to be like TSA at the airport, but in our ports. And nobody wants that. Nobody wants a TSA in our ports, right? They are doing bad enough already, just with humans, right?    So I guess the question is what exists, if anything, right now, where it doesn't take a person?    Mr. Hunter. Turn your mic on, please.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter. I see.    Mr. Hunter. Say again. Oh, without objection.    So I think my last thing is I think what the Coast Guard is going to do, and what DHS is going to do, is try to get the 100-percent perfect solution, which will take them a decade. It will take billions of dollars, and they are going to try to be able to find everything from weapons to cocaine to weapons of mass destruction, as opposed to just really narrowing it down to weapons of mass destruction, which is what I think they should totally focus on to the detriment of some of the other sectors, like drug interdiction and human smuggling and weapons.    But you are saying that it is possible to not have a human to check for weapons of mass destruction, nuclear devices, with a very low false positive rate, everything that comes in very quickly?    Mr. Hunter. What system is that?    Mr. Hunter. What system is that? Does that system exist? I mean does a company make that?    Mr. Hunter. You want to talk to Gene Ray in San Diego. They have a neutrino system that I have seen tested. They had a lead-encased nuclear device--not a nuclear device, but lead-encased nuke stuff in a car, and they have a system where it does exactly what you say. And they are selling it to other countries, not to us.    Mr. Hunter. Yes.    Mr. Hunter. Right.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Doctor.    Ms. McSally?    Mr. Hunter. That is an easy fix. That is a quick, easy fix, fixing that.    Mr. Garamendi, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Gibbs?    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. For a minute I thought you were talking about Polacks.    Mr. Hunter. Now I know you weren't. Poe lock.    Mr. Hunter. Ms. Jackson Lee, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Without objection.    