    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to testify on County-of-Origin Labeling, and the status of the WTO dispute.    U.S. producers overwhelmingly support COOL. They are proud of what they produce. Consumers demand more and more information about the food that they purchase.    In July of 2013, AMI, NCBA, NPPC, and others representing meatpackers, went to court to block USDA's revised COOL rule. The packers essentially argued that their First Amendment right to free speech included their right to not tell consumers what they didn't want consumers to know. Ultimately, courts found in favor of USDA and in favor of the COOL label.    Now, as to the WTO dispute, USDA issued a final rule to implement COOL in 2009. Canada and Mexico challenged that law and rules of the WTO, claiming that COOL created a trade-distorting impact by reducing the value and number of cattle and hogs shipped to the U.S. In 2011, the WTO dispute settlement body found that COOL does not provide enough accurate information to consumers, objecting to commingling and to confusing language. The appellate body also found that the objective of COOL was, in fact, legitimate under WTO rules. The appellate body finally found that record-keeping and verification requirements were disproportionate with the information conveyed to consumers.    In response, 2 years ago, USDA changed the rules to require labels that show each production step and prohibited commingling. Canada appealed, and WTO, last October, found that the revised rule improved the amount of information to consumers, but still required collection of too much information. The panel also noted that COOL was the least trade-restrictive measure to achieve the objectives of consumer disclosure. Both Canada and the U.S. subsequently appealed.    Its ruling is now expected in May 18. Given the narrowing of the scope of the issues in each successive WTO decision, it is entirely feasible that the appellate body may rule in favor of the U.S. If the body rules against the U.S., the WTO process provides for arbitration, after which potential sanctions could be authorized. In that case, a recent study by Auburn University's Dr. Taylor is important because it concludes that Canadian and Mexico beef producers suffered no damage as a result of COOL. That study is attached to my testimony.    Canada has been threatening retaliation, as we all know. Dr. Taylor, however, using mandatory price reporting data reported by the meatpackers, recently found that ``COOL did not directly cause the declines in livestock exports to the U.S., which largely coincided with the substantial economic downturn that sapped demand for more expensive meat products.'' The report issued three main and substantial findings. First, fed-cattle prices basis actually declined after COOL went into effect, meaning Canadian cattle producers and U.S. cattle producers received the same price for the same product after COOL as before COOL. Second, COOL did not negatively impact imports of slaughter cattle. And third, COOL did not significantly affect imports of feeder cattle.    Dr. Taylor's study was very robust, and directly contradicts the study that the Canadians had entered into the WTO record using proprietary data that is, frankly, not publicly available. The robust study conducted by Dr. Taylor demonstrates that Canada and Mexico's argument of restricted market access to the U.S. market as a result of COOL is simply not true. Importation of cattle from other markets is subject to a number of other variables that are independent of COOL. COOL has not had a negative impact on the Canadian industry. This study is extremely important when assessing retaliatory claims made by Canada and Mexico.    I would urge you to wait until we get a final decision from the WTO before any legislation is considered.    Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. I would only point out that history would indicate that almost every WTO deadline that they lay out is not met by some long period of time. They generally are very late because they are very overworked.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, if I could take the first crack at that. It gets to part of your previous question too. There is no right to retaliate unless there is proven economic damages. The only evidence introduced to the WTO at this point is based on proprietary pricing data provided by the CCA in Canada, and it has been overwhelmingly refuted by publicly available data in the Taylor study that I referenced.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Congressman. You are correct, we do not favor repealing it. We think actually that the best way to deal with this is to get the decision from the WTO----    Mr. Johnson.--and then----    Mr. Costa.--but I am talking about in the event of an adverse decision----    Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Mr. Costa.--what is your thought on a North American label?    Mr. Johnson. Well, we would initially be inclined to oppose a North American label, but----    Mr. Johnson. We have every expectation the same thing would happen this time.    Mr. Johnson. If I could, I would argue that we also need to defend our position here. In the WTO proceedings, it was pointed out that some 70 countries who are members of the WTO have very similar Country-of-Origin Labeling rules. The WTO has never found against the law; they have found against how it was implemented. And so we ought to be precise about how we come into compliance, not simply throw out the law.