    Ms. Brundage. Good morning. Thank you, subcommittee members, for the opportunity to speak about the need for workforce development and training in energy and related industries. My name is Tracy Brundage. I am the Vice President for Workforce Development at the Pennsylvania College of Technology, a special mission affiliate of Penn State committed to applied technology education.    My testimony today will focus on Shale NET, a partnership of training providers, economic development, the public workforce system and employers who responded to the call from the energy industry for a trained workforce.    When we ask executives in the gas and oil industry what keeps them up at night, many will respond by expressing their concerns regarding the great crew change. The energy industry is facing a mass exodus of talent and experience. In order for the industry to succeed in the 21st century, it must continue to recruit and retain talent from a more diverse labor pool. The industry must be prepared for the inevitable departure of a large number of workers who are retiring.    To address these challenges, industry, government, the public workforce investment system, economic development agencies, education, and training providers must create the kind of educational infrastructure that will provide a qualified workforce the industry needs. Our work, through Shale NET, over the last several years, has focused on building this infrastructure.    In 2010 Penn College, Westmoreland County Community College in Pennsylvania, and 18 other training providers across Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and New York came together to create Shale NET. We were awarded $4.96 million from the U.S. Department of Labor's Community-Based Job Training Grant Initiative to develop and implement a 3-week training program that exposes students to expectations of the industry related to job readiness skills, safety, and technical awareness.    The curriculum was designed from input from industry, stressed consistency of content, and awarded competency-based in industry-recognized credentials. Though the program was open to all, special efforts were directed to recruit veterans, the unemployed, and underemployed. The results for Shale NET are stellar. Over 14,000 individuals explored the Talent Match Web site which provides realistic job profiles of energy occupations and information about the industry. Over 1,100 completed practical training, and almost 3,500 obtained job. The placement rate was 79 percent, and retention three quarters after placement was 82 percent.    In October 2012, Shale NET was awarded a U.S. Department of Labor Trade Adjustment Assistance in Community College and Career Training, known as TAACCCT, Round II grant for $14.96 million which combines the short-term programming of the initial Shale NET grant with stackable college credit offerings.    Shale NET is a best-practice model that can be deployed and implemented in other areas because the curriculum is competency-based, developed with input from industry, consistent, easily replicated, and flexible, dependent upon industry needs. The success of Shale NET is a direct result of strong partnerships with employers and trade associations, workforce investment boards, one stops, economic development agencies such as the Pittsburgh-based Allegheny Conference on Community Development, and local governments who share a common desire to place qualified candidates with employers and family-sustaining careers.    Several innovative strategies are being deployed by Shale NET to bring blended technical curriculum to remote areas, veterans, and underserved populations. One strategy uses state-of-the-art 3D immersive technology and artificial intelligence to assess and teach more advanced technical skills related to natural gas and oil production in a simulated environment. These methodologies create enormous cost savings for educational institutions, embrace leading edge technology honed by the U.S. Department of Defense to train and assess competencies and make capacity-building more feasible and efficient.    For future programs that are introduced to meet energy workforce needs, there are several factors that are imperative: to establish public/private partnerships that become the backbone of developing a broad array of training options across the geography of the United States; to target federal funding in promoting regional collaborations that align with industry's multi-state operations; and to direct funding where the impact is greatest to support energy training initiatives that secure jobs for America's workforce.    Our job is not yet done. Thanks again for this opportunity to speak on Shale NET's behalf.    Ms. Brundage. Yes. Thank you. No, I agree with you, and I think, one of the things that I tried to reference in my verbal testimony was to try to target some of that federal funding in promoting those regional collaborations. And in the example of Shale NET, we set up a lot of hubs in areas where there is a lot of activity, and it began in the upstream side. But as we moved forward realized that there are more opportunities to spread that out into scale in the midstream and downstream. So it is taking that successful model and those stackable credentials and trying to build that continuum and that pathway for people to continue in being able to move into those types of career opportunities.    Ms. Brundage. Yes, absolutely. Right now I mentioned in the verbal testimony it was funded by the Department of Labor. a TAACCCT Round II grant, which was a capacity-building grant to help with infrastructure. This particular grant does not pay for tuition. On the short-term workforce side, we have these 3-week programs, sort of like boot camps, and we have active case managers that help the students understand the expectations and the culture, the work environment. We start classes early, we end later, so that they have a feel for what the expectations are, and we have been able to raise local dollars through Pennsylvania's Act 13 and to help with scholarships and also through corporate engagement. Chevron has pledged $460,000 for the initiative over the next several years. And so we are trying to help offset some of that tuition because unemployed and underemployed folks, you know, if they don't have access to those dollars, it is difficult.    Ms. Brundage. Correct.    Ms. Brundage. That is an excellent question. We have had a lot of discussion about that within the consortium. Pierpont recently became an affiliate of Shale NET. So they are kind of a newcomer to the scene, and they are beginning to offer training there because of our relationship with Chevron wanted to have a hub in West Virginia to be able to have this consistent training so that people, you can have that consistency flexible program to meet industry needs.    Your question about--I think it is important to be able to scale these, and I think I talked a little bit about the stackable credential model and how that model is mobile and can be moved to other locations depending upon the geography. If they didn't want to do the training in the upstream side, you can target it to other sectors of the energy industry. The model with the stackable credentials and the various pathways and continuums really work to make sure that you have that consistent career pathway for individuals to move into.    So I don't know if that answered your question, specifically?    Ms. Brundage. No.    Ms. Brundage. Absolutely.    Ms. Brundage. I remember you said a few words. I was in the audience when you were there.    Ms. Brundage. Thank you.    Ms. Brundage. Absolutely. I think many factors contribute to the success of Shale NET, and I think the successes are strengthened by the knowledge of partners. It is the strong partnerships to place these qualified candidates with employers and families sustaining careers. But we have the robust selection, assessment process in place, evaluating student candidates--all of these things can be transferred to other areas, other institutions.    When we look at a success measure for employers is the retention in employment a year after placement, which is demonstrated by participation in Shale NET. And with that return on investment, we almost take on some of the role of on-boarding because we are helping to vet those people and have them understand the expectations and give them the appropriate skill sets so that they know what to expect as they move into those jobs, hopefully retaining and allowing them to have greater career mobility.