    Mr. PRICE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for this important hearing.    And I want to thank you for your testimony, Dr. Cohen.    If you listen to the folks on the other side, the reason that the CO-OPs are failing is because there just is not enough money and it is those nasty Republicans who have removed all that money.    You mentioned that you were aware of the rescissions that occurred for the CO-OPs, and that there were bills that came forward to Congress that removed money from the CO-OPs. Do you remember what those bills were?    Mr. PRICE. There were three of them. One was the Department of Defense Continuing Appropriations Act of 2011. How many Democrats voted for that? Do you know?    Mr. PRICE. Eighty-one Democrats on that one.    A second one was the Consolidate Appropriations Act of 2012. Do you remember how many Democrats voted for that?    Mr. PRICE. A hundred and seventy-two.    And the third one was the 2012 Continuing Resolution. How many Democrats voted for that one? A hundred and eighty-two. How about that?    So the fact is that the CO-OPs have not failed because they have not had enough money. The CO-OPs have failed because we have got people who do not know how to run insurance company running insurance companies and not able to respond to individuals.    As a physician I can tell you that when we talk about this stuff people's eyes glaze over when you just talk about money and those kinds of things, but I want to talk about patients. Five hundred and fifty thousand patients are going to lose their coverage through a CO-OP because 11 of the CO-OPs have failed; is that correct?    Mr. PRICE. Five hundred and fifty thousand patients are going to lose their coverage, correct?    Mr. PRICE. Are they going to be able to stay in the insurance coverage in the CO-OP that they had?    Mr. PRICE. The CO-OP will end. That is the point. So if you like your doctor in that CO-OP, you may or may not be able to keep that doctor, right? He or she may not be in the next plan that you are signing up for; is that correct?    Mr. PRICE. Let me talk about a couple of specific challenges that patients have. The individual mandate, which would have been complied with because of the CO-OP, does that mean that the individual does not have to become subject to the individual mandate depending on whether he or she is able to get coverage?    Mr. PRICE. But the question is whether or not they still have to comply with the individual mandate even though they have already fulfilled that.    Mr. PRICE. There are some CO-OPs that they are not going through nine months; is that not correct?    Mr. PRICE. What about deductibles? If an individual paid part of their deductible in the CO-OP and then they move to a different plan, does that deductible transfer over or does the individual have to make their new deductible?    Mr. PRICE. The fact is that it is not likely that the deductible will be accepted by the next insurance company; is that not correct?    Mr. PRICE. More money is going to come out of pocket and----    Mr. PRICE . More difficult access to care.    I have got just a few minutes left. In the original final rule on CO-OPs it said, quote, ``All CO-OP loans must be repaid with interest and loans will only be made to private nonprofit entities that demonstrate a high probability of becoming financially viable.''    How many CO-OPs got loans?    Mr. PRICE. And how many remain in business as of the end of this year?    Mr. PRICE. At the end of this year we will have 11.    Mr. PRICE. Which means I think 11 are closing, correct?    Mr. PRICE. So how did you do on a high probability of becoming financially viable when 50 percent of them have closed?    Mr. PRICE. The fact is that these are not working for patients. They simply are not working for patients from a health care standpoint or from a financial standpoint.    I want to touch very briefly in my closing seconds on this comment that you just made to Mr. Kind, and you mentioned that the amount of increase in premiums for individuals is seven percent. You were very careful to mention that it was in the Silver Plan.    What if you take all four of the plans together? What is the increase that was seen in 2015 in premiums for individuals in all four plans?    Mr. PRICE. Twenty, point, three percent, Dr. Cohen, 20.3 percent.    What is the projection of all four plans in 2016?    Mr. PRICE. Twenty, point, three percent, Dr. Cohen.    Mr. PRICE. The fact of the matter is costs are going up. Access is going down. Quality is being limited.