    Mr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the panel for being here today.    Mr. Leimkuhler, I would like to ask you some questions. My personal background is that I am a physician from the private sector, but also I have been serving in Congress since 2009. I have observed that regulations, increased regulations, and more complicated or expensive regulations, don't necessarily translate to more safety.    So, what I would like to ask you about is this. In your testimony, you differentiated between performance-based regulations and prescriptive regulations. For example, real-time monitoring sounds like a good thing to have. But many of those who commented on the rule believe it will make operations less safe.    What do you have to say about that?    Mr. Fleming. Well, let me be clear. I want to clarify. Do you believe that real-time monitoring is better than prescriptive requirements, or do you think a combination? I just want to be clear where you stand on that.    Mr. Fleming. OK. Let me interrupt you because I have limited time, but I have other questions. I appreciate your answer there.    Can you describe the current safety standards for blowout prevention and the BSEE new regulation? How does the BSEE regulation increase risk?    Mr. Fleming. The report I have is, if finalized as written, 110 of the 175 wells, or 63 percent, that already have been safely drilled post-Macondo in the Gulf would fail to be in compliance with provisions. Is that what you are referring to?    Mr. Fleming. OK. Real quickly, I want to shift to Professor Mason.    You said your research shows an economic impact of increased regulation in the Gulf following 2010. In your opinion, what actions were most devastating that were taken in terms of economic effect?    The Chairman. And you have 15 seconds to do it.    Mr. Fleming. OK. Thank you.    My time is up and I yield back.    The Chairman. That was within 15 seconds. I am impressed.    Let me turn to another co-host here today, Congressman Graves, for the next round of questioning.    Mr. Fleming. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to drill down a bit on what we have learned, amalgamate the baseline of information today, and I want to focus on Mr. Leimkuhler and Mr. Herbst.    Mr. Leimkuhler, based on the regulations as we know them to be today, and they are not finalized, at least we don't know for certain that these are going to be the final rules, is this going to affect your ability prospectively to drill more wells productively and economically?    Mr. Fleming. OK. Do you see that having a negative impact on price; that is, causing increase in prices to consumers?    Mr. Fleming. Mr. Herbst, we are really talking about prospective versus real-time evaluation and regulation. How flexible, how compliant do you think BSEE will be going forward to take the input from the industry's real experts, the engineers who are expert in this, and to fashion those regulations in the final written draft in a way that is not going to cause 10 or 15 percent reduction in viable sites?    Mr. Fleming. How receptive are you to real-time rules and regulations--that is to say, constant input and adjustment to be both safe, protective of the environment, and safe for humans, especially people on the rigs; and then at the same time accommodating the viability of those sites that need to be drilled in order to maximize and exploit natural resources?    Mr. Fleming. OK.    That is all I have, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Graves.