    Dr. Ramaswamy. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for having us here. And Congresswoman Adams, thanks very much for that question. And as you know, you participated in this room right here, and thanks to the chair here for inviting our 1890s and the co-chair, Collin Peterson, as well. Congressman Peterson to invite our 1890s institutions to come here and to highlight the wonderful work that is undertaken in the area of food and agriculture in those institutions, the 19 institutions across America.    And so, indeed, to your point, some of the institutions are finding it difficult to have the state matches. So for every dollar that USDA provides, the National Institute of Food and Agriculture provides, there is a requirement that there is a dollar that is matched from other sources.    And we say that these other sources, based on what Congress has told us, we say that these other sources are non-Federal sources. So they could be from the state, they could be from the sale of commodities, they could be from donations given to the institution, et cetera, but not from tuition that is charged to students. Tuition dollars cannot be utilized for that match.    And it turns out that a number of institutions, 1890s institutions are not able to get their matches, and again, Congress has said that the Secretary is vested with the authority to do a waiver up to 50 percent. So an institution can contact us, and they can ask for a waiver of up to 50 percent, and there are three reasons under which we do provide the waiver, one of which is a natural disaster such as a hurricane or tornado or some such thing; second is financial exigency at the state or at the institutional level; and the third is that they make an honest effort to find the resources to get the match.    And we get these requests coming in from all the institutions, and we look at them, and if they are meeting at least one of those criteria, we will go ahead and provide a waiver of 50 percent.    So if they come in with ``50'' in quotes, we provide $1 of the Federal match. If they come in with less than 50, let's say they come in only with 40, then we only provide 90, and the remaining 10 is available to be provided to other institutions, providing they can come up with a match as well.    So that is the sort of the situation that we are in. A number of institutions do come in with waivers, and what we have done now is to--we have staff that is going to be investigating the situation in the 18 states where we have the 19 institutions, and not just the 1890s institutions. We are also going to look at the 1862 institutions as well. Because we want to know the entire construct as to how these land-grant universities are dealing with the matching requirement that we have, and we hope to undertake that analysis in the next 2 or 3 months or so, the data gathered and there is an analysis done, and then we will develop a report, then go through the clearance process within USDA and make that available.    And in that final report that we provide, we will also, depending on what we learn, make some recommendations as a path forward.    Dr. Ramaswamy. There are a number of funding opportunities that will be coming here with the start of the new fiscal year, and we hope that this body here and the rest of Congress will indeed provide us the funding necessary.    And we do have several funding opportunities for women and minority farmers and small farmers as well that are part of the opportunities we provide. And if you wish, I can send you separately a listing of the ones that we have done in the previous year.    Dr. Ramaswamy. It has been a while.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. With regard to ag research, we talk a lot about research, but would you speak to the value of extension along with the research?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed, Congressman Scott, and good to see you again, sir, after several months now. And cooperative extension service, which we celebrated the 100th anniversary, as you know----    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Yes, sir.    Dr. Ramaswamy.--last year, and you hosted a hearing for that particular event as well, is the very American approach to translating knowledge into innovations and solutions to address problems people are facing. And this is the only country on Earth that doesn't dissuade the connectivity between the research discovery enterprise and the translational enterprise and then to deliver it to the end-users. No other country has been able to do anything like it. And I truly believe that our nation's preeminence, global preeminence is, in large measure, that ability to translate knowledge and to deliver to the end-users.    And we have a history of it over the last 100 years, and when we look at the situation now and as we project out, as we go forward as well, we need this sort of ability to translate and to deliver that knowledge more so today than we have ever needed it before; in part, because of the burgeoning population with pressures that we have; in part, because our ability to ensure food security, nutritional security specifically.    And in the context of diminishing land and water resources, changing incomes and diets, et cetera, et cetera, it is driving the need to come up with better more efficient ways to produce food and to get it to where it is needed and to address those problems as well.    Extension is absolutely a must if we are to be able to achieve what we need to achieve.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Things seem to change faster now than they have in the past with regard to chemicals and pests and other things, and certainly there is a tremendous amount of information and there is even more misinformation out there, and so that extension aspect, along with the research, is something that I don't think we talk about extension enough.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. But thank you for that.    One other question I have. The 1890s land-grant universities, there are reports that they have not been receiving as much funding as some of the other universities. What suggestions do you or anybody else on the panel have for us in correcting that so that 1890s universities received the funding?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. We do have a situation where the 1890s institutions are not being able to meet the matching requirement that we have the dollar-for-dollar matching requirement that we have and they ask for a waiver from us, 50 percent waiver, and based on three criteria, natural disasters, financial exigency, or that they are making a commitment to find the resources, then we give them a waiver. And we have developed that path forward, and it is a challenging situation for them.    So what we have embarked on right now is to undertake a complete detailed data gathering and analysis in all 18 states for the 19, 1890s institutions and their 1862 counterparts. So we don't want to just go and find out what is the situation with the 1890s. We need to know what is happening in 1862s, use that to develop a path forward.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So I am down to 1 minute. I want to follow up on that if I can, sir. So if I understand you, a 50 percent waiver was granted?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Yes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So is that in the difference in what they--the 50 percent is the difference in what they would have gotten had it been matched and what they did get?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. So for every dollar, they are only able to come up with 50.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Right.    Dr. Ramaswamy. That means they are short 50.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Right.    Dr. Ramaswamy. And that prevents them from deploying the kind of research that they need, deploying the kind of extension they need, et cetera.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I am interested in suggestions on how we resolve that. That is something that Fort Valley State is actually just outside my district but something that is important to a lot of the people that are in my district.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. I met with the Congressional Black Caucus staffers and other staffers as well and shared with them this process that we have just embarked on, and we hope to get it completed and come up with an analysis and a path forward on how we might address this, so----    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Would it be possible on some of these to grant them an absolute waiver instead of the 50 percent waiver?    Dr. Ramaswamy. No, sir. You would not allow us to do that. Congress does not allow us to do it.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you. Thank you, Doctor. Good to see you again, and thank you for your work.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed. Thanks so much.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields. Just following up, Dr. Ramaswamy, how many Federal dollars are not claimed as a result of lack of match?    Dr. Ramaswamy. We believe approximately about--well, for every dollar that we send, if they don't----    The Chairman. The question is, I understand that the state or the private-sector has to come up with their share, but of the Federal dollars available to be matched against, how many of those Federal dollars are not matched?    Dr. Ramaswamy. I would like to get back to you on that with a specific answer, Congressman Conaway.    The Chairman. Okay.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Because I can tell you approximately what the numbers are, but I want to get back to you----    The Chairman. All right.    Dr. Ramaswamy.--specifically with the numbers.    The Chairman. All right. There are some Federal dollars that aren't claimed?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Yes.    The Chairman. Okay. That would be the problem.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Absolutely.    The Chairman. You want to make sure that whatever Federal dollars we do have available to them, that gets claimed, and then the private-sector or states have to come up with their share.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Sure.    The Chairman. Mr. Allen, 5 minutes.    Dr. Ramaswamy. And if I might add, Congressman Thompson.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed, the production practices that we follow today, for example, no-till is the result of the research that was undertaken in this country, or the development of value-added products from whether it is corn or sugarcane or cotton or whatever else we have, those are the result of the research undertaken by ARS and land-grant university scientists with the funding that we provided.    And water use, for example, that is an existential threat, as I like to say, and already the work that has been done at multiple land-grant universities and ARS labs has resulted in billions of gallons of water being saved right now, so there are a whole bunch of examples that we can send you about the outcomes that are happening that actually are very impactful right now.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Indeed, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much for that opportunity. Yes, so if an institution submits to us the waiver and it is less than the 50 percent waiver, so if it is less than 50 percent waiver, it is 50 percent waiver, they get the dollar from us, so there is no loss of those Federal dollars. But if they are asking for less than 50--or pardon me, they come in with less than 50.    The Chairman. Right.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Let's say it is 40, we only give them 90, but there is remaining 10. We make that available to other institutions that can come up with that match as well.    The Chairman. Still within the 1890 school group?    Dr. Ramaswamy. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Okay.    Dr. Ramaswamy. Only within the 1890s, and we try to make sure that we don't return these things to Treasury.    The Chairman. All right. I am looking forward to your study that would include both sets of land-grant schools and the impact there because I do think it is important, Dr. Woteki, as we look at ways to increase that small little piece of research you were talking about, that we are able to match up those Federal dollars at 100 percent from the private-sector, the states, whatever, that they recognize that they are getting a big bang for their buck.    This panel, in particular, is a great example of why we should have been doing this more often and the opportunity for you to share with us the great things that you are doing. We probably ought to reverse the role. Next time we will bring you guys in first next time and save Farm Service Agency for dead last, but I want to particularly recognize the Members who were here today.    Today is a day we would normally be home in our districts, working with folks and doing all that kind of stuff, and so the folks who came in today a day early will have a group in the morning that will be here. They are actually coming in a half a day early, but I want to recognize Members who showed up today to be a part of this, but thank you, the panel, for your staying all afternoon and being here.    I know it was logistically a bit of a challenge to get everybody up and down the street, and I want to thank you for that effort and the preparation that you did coming in here this afternoon. I think all of our Members will leave, particularly this panel, today, better informed as to what you are doing and why you are doing it, and I, for one, and I speak on behalf of the others on the Committee, I want to thank you, and let you know how much we appreciate the work that you do day in and day out to improve production agriculture across the spectrum.    So I would like to thank our witnesses, remind everybody we will pick up on Part 2 of our hearing tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. When we hear from the representative remaining four mission areas of USDA.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture is adjourned. Thank you, everybody.