    Mr. Eckman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Rush. My name is Tom Eckman. I am the Director of Power Planning for the Northwest Power and Conservation Council. I will start with a very quick thumbnail of who we are. Since there are no northwest delegates here, I thought you might--it might be important to figure out why I am here representing the northwest.    The Northwest Power and Conservation Council was established under a congressional authorization under the Northwest Power and Conservation Act of 1980, public law 96-501. We are an interstate compact authorized by you folks here in Congress to do power planning for the northwest. So we, for the States of Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and western Montana, we produce a 20-year power forecast of future needs and a resource plan to meet those needs for electricity, and our statutory requirement is that we are to treat energy efficiency as one of the resources we can rely on to meet those needs.    Over the past three decades, 3 \1/2\, 35 years, we produced seven different power plans. We are to update those plans every 5 years, so we started back in 1982 with the first plan, and called for cost-effective energy efficiency to be a major component of that planning process as directed by Congress.    Over that past 35 years, energy efficiency has been a very significant contributor to the northwest economy and to meeting our needs. In summary, since 1980, the northwest region has saved enough electricity through codes and standards, utility programs, to be equivalent of roughly six Seattles in annual electricity consumption, or more than one and one quarter times the actual consumption of the State of Oregon, so it is a significant contributor. It roughly represents our second largest resource in the region. It has met 55 percent of low growth since 1980, so we really believe in energy efficiency that is cost effective.    The reason I am here is to talk to you about the role that Federal standards have played in making that happen and what they look like going forward. Over the past 35 years, Federal standards have basically produced one-fifth of the total savings that we have been able to achieve. Energy code is about 20 percent, and the remaining through rate pair-funded utility programs. One-fifth of the savings turns out to be worth about $1 billion in annual savings out of the--on an annual basis, and saves about 5 million metric tons of carbon off of our system. And we have a very clean system because about half of our power comes from hydroelectricity. So that is a significant component of us. It is about 10 percent of our total carbon emissions on an annual basis.    So on a going-forward basis, we looked at the Federal standards that have been adopted between 2009 and 2014. Those standards alone will reduce our forecast low growth from 1.1 percent to .8 percent, about 30 percent reduction in low growth. Again, saving significant consumer cost for new generation and saving consumer pain and agony from carbon emissions. So we are here to support those standards because not only have they been a huge benefit to us, but we have been involved in the negotiations that led to not only the Federal standards, but many of the standards that have been adopted since 20--since 1987.    I am a member of the Appliance Standards Rulemaking Advisory Committee that was appointed by DOE to facilitate better communication between manufacturers and advocates for energy efficiency to begin to develop more transparent and open processes to engage in rulemaking. And that--since the advent of that committee, which was basically formed at the behest of the Department itself because it understood that it could do a better job of rulemaking in the negotiations, and it could, in a standard notice and comment process, it can't always do a better job, but in some instances, particularly Elizabeth noted the appliance rulemaking for air conditioners and package rooftop systems, those consensus agreements between manufacturers and advocates have produced better standards, more regulatory certainty on behalf of the manufacturers, and greater compromise and facility to implement standards on behalf of the manufacturers.    So I think those--that particular improvement was not envisioned in the original statute, but as a regulatory process that DOE implemented on a voluntary basis and has improved immeasurably the transparency of the standards development process on a going-forward basis, and I think that we can talk more about that in the time that you have questions for me. I will stop there. Thank you.    Mr. Eckman. I will go through a little bit of history so the context is there.    In the mid-2000s DOE staff directed their consulting staff to sit down with advocates and manufacturers to help negotiate a white good standard with the AHAM folks so the technical staff supporting DOE's rulemaking was appraised and involved in those negotiations that were informal at the time. They weren't authorized by DOE, we were handling those on the side.    And that led to another process on electrical transformers where both DOE staff and their consultants got involved. And finally DOE established under the Federal Administrative Procedures Act a negotiated rulemaking group called the ASRAC of Appliance Standards Rulemaking Advisory Committee, which now oversees a series of requests that might come in from parties that want to enter into negotiations through a regulatory process, through regulating negotiation as opposed to rulemaking through a standard comment process.    And that has opened I think the doors to more consensus agreement, to the agreement on major refrigeration products, the HVAC equipment, pumps and electrical transformers all came from those kinds of negotiations, where there is a great deal more transparency interaction with the manufacturers, with advocates staff and consultants because they can get down and talk face to face, roll the sleeves up in a meeting not in a very formal hearings type process.    And I think that has improved both the outcomes and the feelings that come out of those outcomes about we agree that we can't get everything we need but the compromise works for all of us. And that process to me is really central to and advancing the rulemaking process.    Mr. Eckman. Yes. I think it has improved the process a lot particularly where there is a likelihood that both the manufacturers and efficiency advocates and the DOE agency personnel and consultants can come to a more flexible conclusion than would otherwise be provided.    I think it has allowed for lots of horse trading that wouldn't occur, as Mr. Yurek said, under the standard process, the rulemaking hearings process and file your report. So I think it has been a huge advantage. I have been a member since the committee was established. We have had multiple work groups, seven different work groups so far on negotiating standards. They work the best when both the parties that want to participate in that come before the committee and say, we think we can work this out, give us a chance.    If that is not possible or there is not really an issue, everybody thinks we can do this through rule and comment, that is a much more expedient processes it takes a lot of time and energy to do the negotiations as you are aware, but they turn out to be better rules as a consequence for everybody involved. And I think supporting that on a continuous basis, the ASRAC committee and process that has improved the process a lot.