    Mr. Harris. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and other distinguished members of the committee. My name is Ronald Harris. I am an EEO employee and specifically an EEO specialist located in the Region 5 Chicago, Illinois office. Thank you for inviting me to submit a statement for the record with regard to sexual harassment, discrimination, and retaliation that took place in the Region 5 Chicago office by several EPA managers, the highest level managers within various divisions in the region.    I also would like to thank my attorney, Mr. Waite Stuhl, for his tireless efforts in representing me with regards to the issues I endured in this 4-year battle with the Agency.    I watched the EPA hearings titled ``EPA Mismanagement'' streamed on April 30 of 2015 before this same committee and was literally sickened to see the stories depicted were so similar to mine with regard to the following: Sexual harassment, the length of the harassment, and the regional coverup about these blatant and willful discriminatory activities by management officials. After viewing the hearing, I was more determined than ever to share my experiences as it related to the similar scenario within the EPA.    Ironically, I am here before you again, as I offered testimony before the 106th congressional committee nearly 15 years ago. The issues that were prevalent then are similar issues that I appear before you today to discuss.    During the opening statement of the 106th Congress by Chairman Sensenbrenner, he stated: ``Retaliating against those who speak out against the Agency is not acceptable. Failing to enforce EPA disciplinary policies against those who are found to discriminate or harass is not acceptable. All of these actions send a message to EPA employees not to speak out, not to engage in public debate, and not to dissent against the Agency.''    He further stated: ``The EPA managers or officials that have been found to discriminate, harass, and intimidate other EPA employees or the public should be disciplined. This does not appear to happen.''    I chose to highlight Chairman Sensenbrenner's prior quotes to use in this opening statement today because very little has changed within the EPA management culture, Region 5 office, despite the fact that these statements were made a decade and a half ago. This lack of change has a direct correlation to the absence of accountability. To expect change without accountability is wishful thinking at its best.    The regional office has chosen to offer the reward for going along to get along over accountability. In Region 5, this type of managerial mentality strengthened resistance and animosity toward change because the sentiments spoken by Chairman Sensenbrenner in the 106th Congressional were viewed as oppositional.    To further illustrate this point, the over 500 documented pieces of evidence I provided to this committee reveal that when I and Dr. Bohlen followed Agency protocol and reported allegations of sexual harassment activity towards female interns to the EPA Washington headquarters office, we discovered, through our investigation as EEO officers, had been going on for at least a decade and involved more than a dozen women. And we were immediately retaliated against by Mr. Bharat Mathur, assistant regional director, and removed from our positions in the Office of Civil Rights for following Agency protocol and contacting headquarters.    Despite the fact that Mr. Mathur had a legal obligation to prevent discriminatory activity within Region 5, he was rewarded with a $35,900 award approved by Washington headquarters to further supplement his $179,000 annual salary. This award given to Mr. Mathur was approved by the Region 5 administrator, Susan Hedman, and management officials within the EPA Washington headquarters as well had to make this approval.    Other Region 5 senior managers who were also named participants in these discriminatory coverups and retaliatory activities also received awards approved by both Regional Administrator Hedman and Assistant Regional Administrator Mathur. These monetary awards should have to be repaid to the government so that the earlier statements made by Chairman Sensenbrenner and further echoed by this honorable committee today will send a strong message: That discrimination and retaliation does not pay and there must be accountability.    Another claim that I mentioned in 2000 to the 106th congressional committee was that Region 5 and EPA lacked an Agency process for dealing with managers who retaliated and discriminated against regional employees. Three years later, in 2003, in a U.S. GAO report to Congress entitled ``Environmental Protection Agency: Continued Improvement Needed in Assessing Equal Employment Opportunity,'' on page 15 stated that the ``EPA had no formal process to discipline managers found for discrimination.''    Further, on page 16 of this same report, the GAO concluded: ``Accountability is the cornerstone of results-oriented management. Because EPA's management sets the conditions and terms of work, they must be accountable for providing fair and equitable workplaces, free of discrimination and reprisal.''    By implementing the 2003 U.S. GAO report, this honorable committee can send another strong message: That the word ``accountability'' applies to these management officials too.    Mr. Harris. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz.    Mr. Harris. Thank you.    Mr. Harris. My personal involvement is that I was contacted, I believe, right around sometime in May--I am sorry, March. She had spoken with another young lady, Ms. Deborah Lamberty, whose statement you read, and told her get in touch with me, because she did not feel like anything was happening. When she got in touch with me, I made several appointments to see her, took her the necessary documents. We discussed what was to take place, what had taken place. I recorded everything. I then contacted my director, Carolyn Bohlen, and then we proceeded from there.    Emotionally, mentally, Intern X was a wreck. It bothered her. She was strong. She did prevail. She kept saying to me: I just want it to stop. How do I get it to stop?    She contacted an individual who was the lead person, or who was supposed to have been addressing the issue, and she did not hear back from them for 3 weeks. And during this 3-week period, other incidents still occurred. She also continued to let the supervisor know, who also took no action.    At that point my advice to her: You might have to file something in order to get them to do the right thing.    Mr. Harris. I spoke with her about what it would take to file something. She said she just simply couldn't afford it. Her and her husband--I believe that was her husband at that time--were just getting their lives together. They both were in graduate school. They just did not have the money to pursue anything.    Mr. Harris. She did make an informal complaint.    Mr. Harris. Yes. They moved her cubicle first. When we got involved in the OCR office, we said: Wait a minute. That is not the way you do this. You move the aggressor, not the intern.    Mr. Harris. Originally they moved, I believe, it was four cubicles down.    Mr. Harris. Yes. And we insisted: No, move him to another floor.    Mr. Harris. Mr. Chaffetz, may I make a comment on what Dr. Bohlen said?    Mr. Harris. The Agency, especially direct level supervisor, Mr. Paul Horvatin, they were going to issue a reprimand again to the same guy, despite the fact they had known all these years and had all these accusations against him. Once we stepped in and met with Mr. Mathur, myself and Dr. Bohlen, said you can't do this, you have got to do the right thing and elevate this to more than a reprimand, only then did they move to remove him.    Mr. Harris. According to the witness statements that I remember and observed, there were three to four.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes, I did.    Mr. Harris. Congressman Cummings, may I make one comment on the bill that you are going to introduce?    Mr. Harris. We need to include the language in settlements, because, as your bill might indicate, those who are found guilty, but when issues are settled, there's a clause----    Mr. Harris. They have a policy, but it is more or less a statement. There is no official step one, step two, step three. But they send out a policy statement every year. So if you are asking me are there steps involved, no. And this is what one of my recommendations is. There should be.    Mr. Harris. I want to respond back, if I may, to another part of the question or remark that you just made.    One of the biggest issues that I've seen in doing this over a 10- to 15-year period, it is our own regional counsel's office. The moment a discrimination complaint comes in informally or even are mentioned, the attorneys are digging in with the managers. This is not the way the EEO--the OCR process is supposed into work.    Mr. Harris. Yes, they have. Matter of fact, as I indicated in my statement, in 2004 and 2008, the same managers that withheld doing anything with regards to the sexual harassment, they attended the training. I submitted that as part of the evidence.    The attorney, again, who defended the Agency during an informal process, documents were sent out by then Karen Higginbotham, who was a director, stating they should not be involved, prior to that, 1998, stated they should not be involved.    Mr. Harris. I can only speak on what I know. And, right now, just recently, there was another issue. I brought it to the DRA's attention, who is new, and he addressed it right away.    Mr. Harris. This is what is needed.    Now, how long he'll be able to do that with that institutionalized culture, that is the question mark.    Mr. Harris. If I may respond?    Mr. Harris. Yes, I do. You have a culture of arrogance, beyond the shadow of a doubt that you could ever see--the arrogance. And when you have that level of arrogance and unaccountability, there's an untouchable feel about this individual now. So, yes, I know it transfers over to the public.    Mr. Harris. Did----    Mr. Harris. I believe EPA can be reformed but not without accountability. There's no way you are going to have change and reform without accountability. Until you initiate accountability, do not expect change.    Mr. Harris. They have what--in working in the HR issues, they have what they call the delegation of authority. If EPA cannot perform in a satisfactory manner and eliminate that culture of arrogance, that delegation of authority should be in place to take that authority away and give it to somebody else. This is how you hold an agency accountable.    Mr. Harris. No, we did not contact the OIG. My reasons for not contacting, or the individual contacting them, in Region 5, OIG is seen as an extension of management, and many employees are intimidated to contact them.    The reason for this, because when certain managers with the bullying tactics, the first thing they do, they contact OIG and sic them on the employees. So the persona of the OIG regional office is not the persona that it should be, because they are used as extensions of management to attack employees. So no one wants to talk with them.    Mr. Harris. No, I do not. I think OIG, themselves, independently, will and can do a good job. But the perception of the employees toward OIG.    And, no, I do not think there's a conspiracy. I think OIG would investigate the facts as they are. But the perception.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. From the top of my head, right now I remember there were at least 10. I do not remember specifics, but I do have it documented in the evidence that I submitted. But I do remember there were at least--we took 10 statements.    Mr. Harris. I was informed--as I said, we worked together. I was informed that the conduct started right around 2002.    Mr. Harris. According to the statement submitted by one of the victims, she endured the very same thing--the touching, the attempts at rubbing, touching her back, arms, legs, shoulders. This, if I remember correctly, according to the statements, happened to at least four of these women.    They reported this, again, going back to 2002, and nothing took place for this long, limited period. The manager involved was more hellbent on saving the reputation of Dr. Bertram than he was in dealing with the issue. He himself stated to one of the victims, ``If I do something, it will ruin his reputation.''    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes. We were made aware this had been taking place since 2002. We predict it might have lasted longer than that, but----    Mr. Harris. Okay.    Mr. Harris. Uh-huh.    Mr. Harris. I remember, in one conversation with one of the young ladies, they were at a meeting, and one of the innuendos were--there was a couple of males who were bantering back and forth. And they were supposed to be on a ship, the Guardian, which is the EPA vessel. And they kept making references as to who they were going to ``poke.''    Mr. Harris. Correct.    Mr. Harris. The perpetrator--or, initially, there was an issue for a--they were going to go ahead and give him a reprimand.    Mr. Harris. For about the third--a written reprimand for about the third or fourth time. When we stepped in and said, wait a minute, you gotta do more than that, that is when----    Mr. Harris. It is not acceptable and should not be. If you look at the Agency's----    Mr. Harris. I would have agree.    Mr. Harris. Yeah.    Mr. Harris. Yeah. It is toxic.    Mr. Harris. Mr. Hice, may I address also that issue and that question, if you do not----    Mr. Harris. The higher up you go, the more the retaliation. You have a go-along-to-get-along mentality. You file one complaint, say something is wrong, there's now 25, 30 people you now have to watch.    Mr. Harris. It is very prevalent.    Mr. Harris. The higher up you go, the more prevalent.    Mr. Harris. That is correct.    Mr. Harris. Yes.    Mr. Harris. Well, we are talking different regions, too.    Mr. Harris. Your options are diminished. But, again, we have talked about OIG, the perception or persona. And I think OIG would do an excellent job, but the persona.    OCR, if you look at the new OCR policies that the Agency just came out with, they just changed them. Now, you do not even contact the OIG's office.    Mr. Harris. They feel like they have to be silent. Their options are----    Mr. Harris. No, they do not.    Mr. Harris. I do, personally--I did not have contact with her directly. However, personally, yes, I believe she was definitely made aware of what was taking place. There's no doubt about it. If you read what Mr. Mather stated in his affidavit and in the depositions, he clearly stated he'd consulted with her. And once she was made aware of this, her statement in her own affidavit, ``I told him to handle it,'' or, ``I just want this to go away.''    The question with regards to my reassignment and the depositions that my attorney, Mr. Stuhl, took over--I am sorry, I am sorry, Carolyn Bohlen's depositions--again, the elusiveness, the ``I just wanted it done with and over.''    And she signed those documents, but yet in the deposition she stated she did not have anything to do with this. It was like she was above this. As the CEO of that region, how can you be above something of this nature?    Mr. Harris. No.    Mr. Harris. Well, I would like to see, the very first thing, who are you going to hold accountable. And I do not just mean accountable with a slap on the wrist or another reassignment and then you get promoted a year from now and get a big, fat award. Who are you actually going to remove from Federal service as to what occurred to us?    Mr. Harris. That is my question with her watching. Who are going to remove from Federal service?    Mr. Harris. That is accurate, but only after we got involved and completed a factfinding investigation. Initially, they were going to give another reprimand. When we met with Mr. Mather and told him, you can't do another reprimand----    Mr. Harris. --that is what it changed.    Mr. Harris. Yeah.    Mr. Harris. That is right.