    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Madam Secretary, for your outstanding service. Your portfolio is about as complex and broad as any in government, and I think you are doing an outstanding job. Thank you.    Mr. Courtney. In your testimony on page 11 you talked about the heroin and opioid component in the President's budget, $1.1 billion. Again, it is allocated to help law enforcement, treatment, prevention, and education, which is what I am hearing back home in my district, 28,000 people lost their lives to accidental overdoses, as you pointed out, in 2014.    That is a 14 percent increase from the year before. The 2015 numbers are not going to be any better, and I know that because in Connecticut we saw a 20 percent increase since 2015 numbers by the Office of the Medical Examiner just a few weeks ago.    Director Botticelli was up in Eastern Connecticut talking to folks who are on the front lines on this, and you know, what is striking is police and law enforcement are totally engaged in doing their job, but they are the first to say you cannot arrest your way out of this problem.    Emergency room providers who are saving lives with Narcan are frustrated because there is not enough detox beds and treatment beds, so there is a revolving door for a lot of these folks who are addicted and have no place to go after they have been revived.    The medical provider community is ready, I think, to talk about reforming the prescription overprescribing of pain killers.    What I think is of concern is that again, you just released new funding to HRSA, to community health centers, which is much appreciated, but there is no request for emergency funding this year.    When you look at Zika and you look at OCO, what Mr. Kline and I are going to be voting on, billions in emergency funding for our overseas military operations on the Armed Services Committee, but when you look at a problem where we are losing 28,000 people a year--Senator Shaheen and myself have a bill to sort of move that push to get resources into this year, which is so obviously needed.    I just wondered if you could just sort of talk about your perspective on that, you know, the administration's willingness to work with us, who really want to get folks who are on standby ready to help with a solution.    Mr. Courtney. Right.    Mr. Courtney. So, again, the Senate sort of went partway there last week in terms of the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act, but again, it is authorizing legislation without resources, and as Congressman Kildee used to say, ``An unfunded authorization is kind of like a get well card to somebody who is sick, it does not really fix the problem.''    Again, that is where I think the HRSA funding that was put out last week is getting to the house on fire that is happening out there, but again, the budget priorities are totally on target, as you said, but the question right now is on timing, because this issue is accelerating and intensifying.    I hope all of us are going to work together because it affects every district, rural, suburban, urban. It is hitting veterans again because of Service connected injuries. This should be an easy one for us to work together on.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. I yield back.