    Mr.  Rooney. Thank you, Madam Chair.    General, I got to know Mr. Shah over the last couple years on this committee, and one of the things I tried to impress upon him the most that was interesting to me was the Food for Peace program. I wanted to ask you, generally speaking, with regard to South Sudan, the U.N. Security Council describes South Sudan's catastrophic food insecurity as one of the worst in the world. There is a funding reduction in fiscal year 2016 from fiscal year 2014. The State Department and your Agency got additional emergency funding.    My question is this: In order to reduce future demands for this kind of emergency humanitarian assistance that can be overly costly, how does your request help address long-term food insecurity through agricultural development? I am concerned because your fiscal year 2016 request only provided for $10 million in the Food for Peace program, which is the only program at USAID that focuses primarily on helping small community farmers to become self-sufficient. Obviously, it is the whole you can give people money or you can teach them how to feed themselves analogy. So that is sort of the focus of my question.    Mr.  Rooney. Thank you, General. I look forward to working with you on this, specifically with regard to South Sudan, as we move forward.    Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Thank you, Ambassador. And I want to say personally I appreciate your work in the past with issues dealing with Northern Ireland. As somebody who worked for Seamus Mallon back in the old days for the SDLP, it is much appreciated.    I want to follow up with something that Congressman Diaz-Balart brought up. One of the big issues that I think is important for any Cuba normalization process--and I wanted to get your take on whether or not you think it is part of it--are the constituents that came from Cuba that have property claims felt like, when they left, they would be returning in short order and weren't able to because of the Castro regime seizing their property.    Part of the normalization process, in my mind, I think is property claims--land, homes, businesses. Is this going to be part of any negotiation for normalization for Cuban exiles in Florida who are still alive and believe that, once the Castro regime would fall, that they would be able to reclaim that property?    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congressman.    Let me say that we are now at the very early stage of the normalization process. And so the dialogues that we have begun are dialogues on whether or not we can establish diplomatic relations, dialogues incumbent--necessary in order to establish diplomatic relations to reopen embassies, perhaps.    And we have started substantive dialogues in talking about issues like trafficking in persons, which we were just discussing, communications, telecommunications, information exchanges, et cetera. But we absolutely believe that these channels need to be used to push issues that are of concern, of course, to American citizens, to people living in this country.    That includes human rights, which we spoke briefly about. It includes property claims and property--efforts at property restitution. There are issues of U.S. fugitives who are present in Cuba that we can't ever forget about and need to work through a law enforcement dialogue.    So, again, we are at an early stage, but nobody is losing sight, again, of the needs and the demands of American citizens.    Mr. Rooney. I know one of the arguments is like, ``Well, we do certain business with China and other countries that are communist''; but I think that what is lost in the whole dialogue is that we have constituents in our State, in our districts, that come to us and ask us and beg us to address this issue. And, you know, Mario obviously is much closer to this than I am. But it is so much more real than just doing business with countries like China, and trying to compare those two things is just wrong.    One of my other questions I had is kind of a political question, but I am just curious. How is your job affected by the policy positions that the President takes, whether it is with regard to Iran, Russia, what have you, and the other people that you deal with, knowing that whoever the next President is going to be, whether it is Hillary Clinton or somebody on the Republican side, might do things differently? Do you get a sense that people sort of hedge their bets or do you just have to go with what you have right now and that is the reality that you live in? Do you do any kind of future planning?    Ambassador Power. Well, I think, like my predecessors who would have been in similar situations, living through the beginning now of the presidential election cycle, we have to do just what is in the interest of the American people.    And the U.N., in particular, if we are to reform, let's say, peacekeeping and deal with sexual assault by peacekeepers or deal with peacekeepers who duck and cover instead of protecting civilians, we have to make investments now that may not even see their full return, you know, until 2 or 3 years hence.    But I think there is a certain continuity, again, in the commitment that Americans have to defending Israel's legitimacy and security within the U.N. I think we have something resembling a bipartisan coalition that recognizes that we are in a stronger position when we have paid our dues and when we are leading from a position of strength. And so that is something the Obama administration has been able to--working very closely with this committee, has been able to ensure.    And there is such a great commitment on the part of the American people, including constituents, off in places you wouldn't always expect, to atrocity prevention, to trying to counter monstrous entities like Boko Haram or Daesh.    So, again, things happen far more slowly than I would like at the U.N., in part because we have got to herd the cats of 193 countries or, in the case of the Security Council, 15 countries. And so we need to just keep plugging along on the reform agenda, on the strengthening peacekeeping agenda, and on the--again, defending Israel's legitimacy and security.    And I hope that, whatever happens in November 2016 or in January 2017, that we have left a stronger U.N., that our interests are better advanced within the organization, and then we hand off the baton to somebody who is running quickly and will carry that cause forward.