    Ms. McFadden. Chairman Donovan, Ranking Member Payne, and Members of the subcommittee, I am Marion Mollegen McFadden, deputy assistant secretary for grant programs. On behalf of Secretary Julian Castro, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today.    My testimony will cover 3 areas: The status of HUD's work to support long-term recovery from Hurricane Sandy; HUD's use of Federal disaster funds to increase resilience; and Federal and regional coordination after Sandy.    Sandy was one of the most devastating and costly National disasters in the Nation's history, causing tens of billions of dollars in damage, as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, and directly affecting more than 17 million people from Puerto Rico to Maine. Since enactment of the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act in January 2013, HUD has moved aggressively to ensure that homeowners and businesses received assistance, and that critical infrastructure investments are made with an eye toward future storms.    The HUD Sandy recovery effort has resulted in new rules to better protect Federal recovery investment, requiring, for example, higher elevation of repaired homes located in areas prone to flooding, and requiring that larger infrastructure projects become more resilient. To date, Sandy grantees have worked together to assist more than 14,000 single-family households across the region, to fully repair their homes, or to help them find new housing. Billions of dollars of CDBG-DR assistance will also be invested in more resilient infrastructure.    Recovery, however, can never be fast enough. There remain areas where homeowners are still waiting to return to their homes, and HUD is working vigorously and continuously to find ways to accelerate the recovery. For example, for the first time HUD is allowing grantees to advance funds to homeowners to start reconstruction while withholding final payment until project completion. HUD has also used its authority to grant dozens of Sandy-specific waivers in order to meet local recovery needs, including allowing the development of protected infrastructure investment on private property.    Historically, disaster recovery has both done returning community assets to the location and condition that existed before the storm, but today extreme weather events demand a new focus on ensuring the resiliency of communities. HUD is investing new Federal resources in resiliency initiatives to serve as models for communities to prepare for the next disaster. Through the Rebuild By Design, or RBD initiative, HUD has allocated $930 million for flood mitigation projects to increase resilience throughout the Sandy-affected region. Through a competitive process, Rebuild By Design led to the selection of 7 projects across the region, including one particularly innovative project now underway here on Staten Island.    Through RBD, New York State is investing $60 million of CDBG-DR funds in the Living Breakwaters project in Tottenville to construct a system of breakwaters that will span the South Shore. In New Jersey, $203 million of Rebuild By Design investments are also helping the cities of Hoboken, Weehawken and Jersey City to develop a new urban water strategy, with $146 million of Federal transit funds, and providing another example of Federal and local coordination of resilient investment.    Similarly, to the National Disaster Resilience Competition, HUD has allocated nearly $1 billion of CDBG disaster recovery funds to support 13 State and local governments and their investment in new resilient infrastructure and housing, including $176 million for the city of New York to build new coastal flood protection for the neighborhoods of Southern Manhattan.    Beyond the city's investments, across the country, Shelby County, Tennessee will invest $60 million to create new greenways to reduce flood risk in future storms. Iowa will receive more than $96 million for watershed improvements and more resilient housing. California will invest more than $70 million for development of a biomass facility in response to wildfire damage. These and other initiatives growing out of the Sandy recovery have led to unprecedented new partnerships for HUD and other Federal, State, and local agencies. One of the most successful examples of those partnerships, as Mr. Byrne mentioned, is the Sandy Regional Infrastructure Resilience Coordination Group and Collaborative, led by FEMA.    Ms. McFadden. Thank you, sir.    The regional coordination body is comprised of Federal, State, and local officials with responsibility for coordinating development of Sandy infrastructure projects. The South Shore has benefited from this new level of coordination. HUD has supported residential buyouts, replenishment of dunes and breakwaters. FEMA has supported repairs and mitigation at a wastewater treatment plant and medical center. The National Park Service has supported remediation and improvement in Great Kills Park. Federal Highway Administration grants have been provided for road repairs and improvements. The Army Corps of Engineers has launched a coastal storm risk management study.    Perhaps the best part about this regional coordination is that it has redefined how Federal agencies are working together. As a result of our work in assisting the Sandy recovery effort, Federal, State, and local partners are now better positioned to hit the ground running in the future in ways that were previously unknown.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. McFadden. Yes, Congressman, I agree that this is a real problem, and we are working very closely with FEMA, as well as with the city of New York, to see what flexibility we can find. But it is a tough problem in that we want to be careful about not putting people back in harm's way, but also be sensitive about the fact that people want to return to their homes, and there is a shortage of housing here in the region.    Ms. McFadden. At HUD, our program money goes to the States and local governments who set up their own programs. One of the challenges we hear is the amount of time it takes them to set up those programs. So we have invested in a toolkit that includes sample documents for them to set up, including applications for assistance for individuals. We also have been encouraging greater outreach from the beginning of the disaster. We certainly learned lessons in New Jersey about the importance of getting to particularly low- and moderate-income communities and people of limited English proficiency. So we are working more closely to ensure that those recommendations are made to grantees right at the front end.    Ms. McFadden. The design of the CDBG program puts the controls in the State's hands to design the program, and once that program is designed and set up, HUD is monitoring it very closely, as well as our Office of Inspector General, to get on the ground to make sure that those funds are being done. We meet with the State at least quarterly, either for a monitoring visit or for a technical assistance visit, and more frequently than that have conversations with them to check on updates. We also talk with community groups to get their input to see how things are going.