    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sopko, you made, to me, a powerful statement. Earlier you said in regard to the reconstruction that we built too much too fast with too little oversight. And unfortunately, it appears that that is a nagging, negative principle that it seems as though, at least many feel the pain that that is a principle our entire government right now seems to embrace. At least many people feel that way.    But within the context of that statement, we built too much too fast, too little oversight, how many infrastructure projects in Afghanistan are currently in development?    Mr. Hice. Okay.    Mr. Sopko.--so I can't tell you how many are under ----    Mr. Hice. That is just what I was saying. We don't know what we have built.    Mr. Hice. We don't know what is under construction right now, we don't know what we have done ----    Mr. Hice. Okay. What is under ----    Mr. Hice. How many? I don't need the details, just how many projects?    Mr. Hice. Okay. Please, if you would get that to me, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Hice. So it seems again that the overarching problem here is lack of oversight. Where there has been oversight--is it fair to say where there has been oversight, we have had a better outcome?    Mr. Hice. Okay. So what are we doing to ensure accountability to the American taxpayer that there will be oversight on these current projects and future?    Mr. Hice. How many ----    Mr. Hice. Okay.    Ms. Abizaid.--our strategy.    Mr. Hice. All right. Excuse me for interrupting. I just have a couple more questions. So with that, I mean, time is going to be the test to confirm whether or not these new programs being implemented will provide the accountability needed.    But of the projects that have already been built that failed to meet our requirements, did I hear correctly that those contractors were paid in full? I believe that was mentioned earlier.    Mr. Hice. All right. Not all of them, but many of them were paid in full for inadequate jobs, so again, taxpayer dollars wasted. How many of those projects--both the ones that were completed properly and improperly, how many are currently occupied percentagewise or are they all occupied?    Mr. Hice. I thought I heard earlier that there were several buildings that were built that were not occupied. Again, part of the ``we built too much too fast.''    Mr. Hice. Can I ask that ----    Mr. Sopko.--how many are occupied ----    Mr. Hice. Okay.    Mr. Sopko.--how many are being used for the purpose that they ----    Mr. Hice. Can I ask that we get that number?    Mr. Hice. I mean, it is stunning to me that--amazing at least that we don't even know what all we have built.    Mr. Hice. How can we know what is occupied if we don't even know what we have built?    Mr. Hice. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.