    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the lively discussion going on here. If we were to pursue this last thought here that the subprime lenders are the ones that destroyed the communities, I would kind of like to investigate that--Mr. Capuano said we ought to be digging a little deeper into it. And Mr. Lynch had some good points about looking at the situation.    So, Mr. Atkins, you said in response to Mr. Duffy that Fannie and Freddie had something to do with it, among others. Who might the among others be?    Mr. Pearce. Anybody close to this room, because Congress itself--    Mr. Pearce. --Congress itself was expressing a tremendous desire that everyone should own a home, that homeownership was not a responsibility but a right. Is that somewhat correct? I am sensitive to what Mr. Silvers said, that we shouldn't be telling lies here.    So, did Congress led by Mr. Frank himself, suggest that the agencies led by Fannie and Freddie should loosen the standards by which they repurchased on the secondary market, wasn't that occurring?    Mr. Pearce. So, would it be a truth that the financial institutions could not have continued to lend to borrowers who could not afford it, they couldn't have done the liar loans, they couldn't have done the no-doc loans, if those loans hadn't been repurchased into the secondary market, is that more or less correct, Dr. Calabria? Would you like to comment on that?    Mr. Pearce. Could the subprime lenders have done much without the secondary market, and could the rest of the secondary market have dropped its underwriting standards without Fannie and Freddie dropping theirs?    Mr. Pearce. So, at the end of the day, Fannie and Freddie weren't just kind of innocent bystanders or bystanders I think--that was not a correct characterization of Mr. Silvers' comments, but they were more central than any of our friends on the other side are willing to say.    The description is that the problem--and, again, I think that as Mr. Capuano said, if we don't analyze exactly why the problem came up, we are not going to get the right answer. And one of the fundamental things was that the underwriting standards by which the secondary market operated took bad loans away from the banks. They weren't given any incentive then to make the loans good, and that just seems like a very fundamental problem. Is that more or less correct?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. Mr. Silvers, would you like to comment on that?    Mr. Pearce. You are saying the competitive pressure--with all due respect, sir, didn't the head of Fannie Mae, Mr. Johnson, take about $100 million? Wasn't he beginning to change the standards of accounting? Didn't Franklin Raines take a $29 million bonus out of that?    That feels like they were driving the process themselves. In fact, if you read the book where Mr. Johnson was coming in here lobbying this group in order to change the rules and change the laws to where he could go ahead and make more--could bring more of the product in to his market, that seems far different than kind of a nuance.    Mr. Pearce. If that is correct--we are running out of time--how did Mr. Johnson make his $100 million? He was way ahead of the time. And Mr. Raines was in that period.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for your--