    Mrs. Torres. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you again, Admiral, for being here with us today. I have no doubt that under your leadership and with your experience, and what it sounds like great support from this committee, you will be successful at addressing the major concerns that we have seen with the TSA, and their responsibility of securing our Nation and our ports.    Today I want to focus on my home airport, Ontario International Airport. As you may know, the airport is controlled by LAWA, the Los Angeles airport. They have oversight and management control of this airport.    Through my experience not only as a passenger but going on a security visit tour of the airport, I want to highlight for you today, the concerns that I have.    Under the agreement, or the arrangement that LAWA has with Ontario, they are--LAX is 56 miles away, and they are the ones controlling our airport. Ontario Airport's manager is only at the airport on a part-time basis. It is a shared position with the Van Nuys airport, which is another, you know, hour away, depending on traffic.    LAWA--we used to have a full-time assistant manager, but that position was deleted a year ago. The authority--the management authority could be very well undermined when that manager is not at Ontario Airport, and it is unclear who is in charge of the airport when that person is physically not present.    When it comes to technology, the Ontario International Airport seems to be lacking. The card reader technology that regulates access to the secure areas is inaccurate, meaning that employees have no limited accesses to where they can enter secure areas. Additionally, many dispatch center security monitors at Ontario Airport are non-functioning.    Ontario Airport gets old fire department equipment from LAX, so whatever is deemed inoperable or unwanted at LAX is shipped to Ontario Airport, and that is the equipment that our folks have to work with.    When it comes to security, the airport's perimeter, security appears to be lacking and needs to be reviewed.    For example, as a result of a grade separation on the north side of the airport, we have had residents able--that were able to walk and drive all the way through to the runway without being stopped.    I also have concerns about the training of Ontario Airport employees. It appears that the LAX employees do some training at the Ontario facility, but it is not clear if our employees at Ontario Airport are participating in that training. As you can see, I have many concerns about the security of Ontario International Airport.    This is a major problem, because the airport serves millions of residents in California, in the Inland Empire. It is a hub. It is an engine for our community in the Inland Empire.    My goal here, as I explained to you earlier, is not to pit or get into the politics of who owns the airport. My goal here today is to ensure that you fully understand the issues and concerns that our community has as it relates to security and who is managing and who is responsible for the Ontario Airport.    At this time, I want to invite you to participate in a meeting with me to discuss these concerns and to come up with solutions to these problems. Would you be willing to discuss these issues and visit with me at the airport and also will you be willing to work with me and other relevant Federal officials to begin to address the tremendous problems that I have seen--personally witnessed at this airport?    Mrs. Torres. Thank you. I also want to just reiterate that I do get the Ontario Airport experience once a week when I go home. Yield back.