    Mr. Carouso. Thank you, Chairman Smith, and members of the subcommittee. It is a privilege to testify with Dr. Kari Johnstone. This acknowledged expert on this issue has done so much to combat trafficking across the region, I echo her appreciation for inviting us here today to talk about the 2015 Trafficking In Persons Report. And I want to again acknowledge the work of this subcommittee and you, too, Mr. Chairman, on the importance of this report for the work we do in our Embassies across the region.    As Dr. Johnstone explained, producing the TIP Report is a year-round Department-wide effort involving all of our Embassies and consulates around the world. As a Foreign Service Officer I have experience myself when I served in Thailand I was in the border with China I was sent to a room full of garlic, a mountain of garlic, and all these young women peeling the garlic, speaking Chinese. Obviously they didn't belong in Thailand.    The credibility that we have as an Embassy, as U.S. Embassy employees, and using tools like the TIP Report help us solve problems like that. And some of my proudest moments are to be able to deal with things like that.    It truly is, the TIP Report, is one of the best diplomatic tools we have to ensure the governments across the region take seriously the efforts to combat trafficking in persons. When progress is insufficient, as it unfortunately is in a number of countries in East Asia and the Pacific, the recommendations of the TIP Report provide guidance, concrete guidance, to our Embassies and consulates overseas as they carry out their diplomatic duties, as the Ambassador was saying.    EAP and the TIP office collaborate closely with foreign governments and international partners to combat trafficking. EAP and the TIP office also work very closely with federal partners to provide foreign assistance to combat human trafficking, particularly the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement; Population, Refugees, and Migration; Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor; USAID, and the Department of Labor. The TIP office currently funds 20 projects in 14 EAP countries.    I would like to just highlight a few examples of this bilateral engagement. In the Philippines, civil society organizations are providing law enforcement with training and support to address the ongoing commercial sexual exploitation of children. Across the Pacific Islands we fund programs to enhance victim protection, strengthen anti-trafficking investigations and prosecutions.    In Thailand we recently collaborated with the Department of Homeland Security to embed agents in the Royal Thai Police's Anti-Trafficking Division and we are considering ways to replicate that model in other countries.    Our approach to trafficking is not limited to just bilateral engagements. Due in part to the focus the U.S. Government places on combating trafficking in the region, we are working with ASEAN, the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, as they come close to endorsing a Convention on Trafficking in Persons. And the State Department is planning to fund regional ASEAN projects to help meet the requirements of the convention.    Year-round, even after the report is complete, U.S. officials at every level from Ambassadors down to the most junior officer regularly engage host governments in trafficking issues. From my own experience I know that these efforts are well-integrated into our Embassies' overall strategic plans as well as their daily work. And thanks largely to the effectiveness of the report's tier ranking system, we are able to urge progress. Armed with these rankings, the TIP office, EAP, and our posts overseas will continue to be able to effectively collaborate on programs and diplomatic strategies better combating this scourge in the future.    Once again I truly thank you and we look forward to your questions.    Mr. Carouso. I can tell you in every meeting I was ever in to discuss this, the discussions were strictly related to the facts of the trafficking in persons situation in the countries involved. And that includes reports you got in from the Embassy.    Mr. Carouso. I agree with Dr. Johnstone, I would have to go back to my bosses and----    Mr. Carouso. I never asked, sir.    Mr. Carouso. Okay. I think what impressed us in Vietnam were the arrests of 685 suspected traffickers, and that they prosecuted 472 and convicted 413. Most sentences ranged from 3 to 15 years imprisonment. More than 1,000 potential trafficking victims were identified and provided protection. And integrated support to another 668.    U.S. participated in joint investigations and rescue operations in neighboring countries. In 2012 Vietnam's anti-trafficking law expanded to specifically define and criminalize sex and labor trafficking with punishments from 2 to 20 years and 3 to 25 years imprisonment. It has also increased the number of officials who received anti-trafficking training.    So all those factors weighed on the Tier 2 ranking.    Part of the issue here is that the problems are horrific, as you point out. And when we are doing these rankings it is measuring a country against itself. Because if we try measuring countries against other countries then it gets really, really complicated, as you know, sir. So Vietnam made some progress.    And even the miserable number of three convictions in Malaysia, yes, that was terrible. So now we are working with them to train officials on how you prosecute these cases and they welcome that. We are working with them on how to get the implementing regulations right on the amendments that you passed so that there can't be loopholes which mean they can't get the convictions later on.    And again, getting to the bottom line, were are encouraged modestly by Malaysia's apparent effort to address this issue with seriousness. And this report and your subcommittee's passion about it, which we point out every chance we get, that this is being watched very, very carefully, that we have to answer to a higher authority, they know. Deputy Prime Minister Zahid of Malaysia was here just a couple weeks ago and Secretary Kerry pointed this out to him in very short, clear words and he promised how he would personally make sure these issues were addressed.    Anyway, I just, I wanted to really emphasize that.    And now you want to talk about China?    Mr. Carouso. Please.    Mr. Carouso. Actually, EAP does not cover India. So I am going to defer to Kari.