    Mr. Emmer . Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Madam Secretary, you have already answered quite a few questions, but I want to run through something so you can clear this up for me. The Minsk agreement, you have referenced what Russia had agreed to implement. Could you please quickly tell me what did they agree to implement and what have they implemented since the agreement?    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman. Well, first just to remind that the February 12th agreement was an implementing agreement on prior commitments made by both Russia and the separatists on September 5th and September 19th.    Mr. Emmer. Right.    Ambassador Nuland. So the full package includes obligations both for the Ukrainian side and for Russia and the separatists. First and foremost, in the February 12th package, is a full ceasefire on the fighting line; a full pullback of heavy weapons to their ranges by both the Ukrainians and the Russians and separatists; full access for OSCE monitors to that zone to inspect and verify and to the rest of Ukraine. And then on the Ukrainian side thereafter----    Mr. Emmer. Why don't we just stop on the Ukrainian side.    Ambassador Nuland. Yes, okay.    Mr. Emmer. Can you tell me if any of those three have actually been done in the last 3 weeks, 4 weeks?    Ambassador Nuland. As I said at the outset, we have seen some progress in some parts of the fighting line, but we are concerned----    Mr. Emmer. Madam Secretary, I am sorry but we are limited on time. So again, the fighting has continued. There has been no ceasefire.    Ambassador Nuland. It has.    Mr. Emmer. The heavy equipment has not been pulled back.    Ambassador Nuland. Not completely.    Mr. Emmer. And nobody is getting access as you said in response to Representative Weber's questions to figure out what the death totals are, et cetera, you just don't have access. Funny how the fighting has continued after the most recent, the February 12th, and you testified that the President is engaged and that the<greek-l>, quote, deg. ``environment'' will affect the calculus on the sanctions and the release of--and I am tired of calling them defensive weapons. They are weapons, weapons that the Ukrainians need to protect themselves. Russia continues to violate agreement after agreement. Ukrainians continue to die.    What about the current<greek-l>, quote, deg. ``environment'' needs to get worse before the President and his advisers adjust their calculus? Because you had said what the environment will determine whether we need to adjust the calculus, what about the environment needs to get worse for the Ukrainian people and for the stability in the region for this administration to adjust its calculus?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, again we are watching the implementation of this agreement. I don't disagree with you that it is very spotty, and we are more concerned today than we were yesterday by serious violations. The President is very engaged. He talked, as you saw the White House release yesterday, to five of his major European colleagues and to EU Council President Tusk. We are watching this day-to-day and he is evaluating day-to-day.    Mr. Emmer. You know what, Madam Secretary, that is wonderful, and I am sure the Ukrainians appreciate the fact that somebody is watching what is happening from this side of the world. But when is it going to get bad enough that the President and this administration are actually going to follow through on promises that have been made to the Ukrainian people?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, again with regard to the promises that have been made for strong economic support and for strong security systems with your help----    Mr. Emmer. Well, I want to go back to if you disarm yourself to maintain stability in the region and we will be there.    Ambassador Nuland. We will certainly convey your concern about this, Congressman.    Mr. Emmer. Thank you.    The Chair will now recognize next Mr. Bill Keating of Massachusetts.    Mr. Emmer. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes Representative Grace Meng from New York.    Mr. Emmer. The gentlewoman yields back. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Ted Poe from Texas.    Mr. Emmer. The gentleman's time is expired.    We appreciate the Ambassador's time this morning. As you can tell, the committee is gravely concerned by the situation and specifically the dismemberment of Ukraine. We can't wait forever. We look forward to following up on these critical issues.    And with that the hearing is adjourned.