    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And since I don't know you well enough to call you by your first name, I will call you by your title.    Under Secretary Mensah, does your Department have the resources to provide the loans and the grants needed to help all of Americans in rural areas to thrive?    Ms. Fudge. Well thank you. Two of the people you have to thank for that are sitting right here. Of course, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Lucas, who worked so diligently to make sure that we did receive a farm bill.    Ms. Fudge. Further, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative you cited an example of a veteran who benefited from this effort in your testimony. Could you tell us a little bit more about that?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. Administrator Hernandez, in the Under Secretary's testimony, she stated that Rural Development offers one of the best home mortgages in the United States and it boasts a low default rate. What is the default rate and why is it so successful?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. Administrator Rikkers, I want to talk a bit about HFFI. And we know that many projects have been funded through the existing framework, and there is a real opportunity to build on the success of this enterprise level funding at the national level. Recognizing the uncertainty of the appropriations we have coming in 2016, how does USDA plan to implement HFFI, and why can we not move forward at this time on a national fund manager?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Neugebauer, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Fudge. No.    The Chairman. Gentleman and ladies, thank you very much for being here this afternoon. We appreciate it. This was very educational. Again, as for the other panels, we really appreciate what you do day in and day out. Your team goes to work every day to work on your issues and to make sure that the American consumer has the, when we talk about the cheapest, most abundant, and safest, you are on the safe side for the most part, and we appreciate everything that you do to make that prediction fulfilled every single day, so thank you very much.    If you wouldn't mind transitioning down to 1306, we will let the Members swing by and say a quick word to you individually if they want to, while we transition to our third panel. But again, thank you very much for your testimony today we appreciate it.    We will take a break for about 3 or 4 minutes.    The Chairman. I would like to welcome our third panel to the witness table today. We are joined by the Honorable Kevin Concannon, who is the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services at USDA. He is accompanied by Ms. Audrey Rowe, Administrator, Food and Nutrition Service; and Ms. Angie Tagtow, who is the Executive Director, Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion.    Ms. Rowe, did I get your name right?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you all for being here today.    Secretary Concannon, what is your opinion about the use of categorical eligibility and direct certification as options to increase efficiency and to streamline the application process for SNAP? And further, just as a point of clarification, just because someone is eligible, is categorically eligible, does not necessarily mean that they receive SNAP, is that accurate?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much.    Administrator Rowe, the Congressional Budget Office has forecast a leveling off of SNAP enrollment and a decline of recipients. Can you just elaborate a bit on that and tell me what you foresee over the next 5 years?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you.    Under Secretary, I want you to reiterate. I know you said it just briefly in your comments, and I know it is in your written testimony. But I certainly hear an awful lot about we are spending more money and the numbers are not going down and they are never going to go down. I hear things about waste, fraud, and abuse. I want you to address it again for this Committee the small amount of waste, fraud, and abuse in this program, as well as the fact that the numbers actually are going down.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very, very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Crawford, for 4 minutes.