    Mr. Shuster. The committee will come to order. Good morning. Happy New Year to everybody. The committee has not formally organized, so we have to start off in asking for unanimous consent to conduct today's hearing under the rules of the committee under the 113th Congress, and without objection, so ordered. Hopefully our colleagues, Mr. DeFazio and others will in the next week or so, be ready to come together and----    Mr. Shuster. OK. Great. And I know we have some new members on the committee, and you know what, I need a list of our members because we have got quite a few. I see many of them here today. Do you have your----    Mr. Shuster. Yeah, please.    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you, and welcome to the committee. Also, I will introduce our new members to the committee starting with the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Rouzer, who has been on Capitol Hill before, so he has seen a couple of tours of duty here and other jobs on the Hill in other capacities, so I would like to welcome him. Mrs. Walters is not here today. She is from southern California. Mrs. Comstock, Barbara Comstock is from northern Virginia. Mr. Curbelo, and you know I know his first name but go and refresh me. What is his first name?    Carlos. Yes, I knew it began with a ``C,'' but--Carlos Curbelo from the Miami area. Our senior new member is Mr. Woodall, Rob Woodall from Georgia, suburbs of Atlanta and the hinterlands of Georgia who have got some water issues. Mr. Rokita from Indiana, Mr. Katko from New York, upstate New York, I believe the Syracuse area. Mr. Babin, Brian Babin----    Mr. Shuster. Babin, I am sorry. Doc is easier. From Texas, what part of Texas exactly?    Mr. Shuster. Woodville, Texas.    Mr. Shuster. OK. Cresent Hardy, who is from the entire State, I think, of Nevada, or 80 percent of it. That is correct, isn't it, Mr. Hardy?    Mr. Shuster. Who is next to you? I can't see the name.    Mr. Shuster. I should know that, Ryan Costello. He is from the Philadelphia Eagles part of the fan base of Pennsylvania. I am from the Pittsburgh side, so hopefully we can come together on the committee here.    Mr. Garret Graves from Louisiana. What part of Louisiana?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Baton Rouge.    Mr. Shuster. Baton Rouge, that is what I thought. And I believe that is it. So we got a big new lineup here. I am looking forward to working with all of you.    And today again, I want to welcome our witnesses for being here today. Mr. Conner, Mr.--how do you pronounce that, Hilkemann? Did I get it right?    Mr. Shuster. Hilkemann. OK. I can see the ``L'' there. I don't have my glasses on, so.    Again, welcome today. I am glad you are here with us today, and today's hearing is on ``Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization: Reforming and Streamlining the FAA's Regulatory Certification Processes,'' which I know you two have a lot to say about that.    The current FAA authorization is set to expire at the end of September, and passing a new bill that helps lay the groundwork for the future of U.S. aviation is a top priority for this committee.    I look forward to hearing about the progress the FAA has made to streamline the certification process since the last FAA bill was signed into law as well as areas that witnesses believe are in need of additional reform.    I think everyone here today understands the important role that aviation plays in our Nation's economy. Aviation manufacturing is at the heart of American leadership in aviation and high technology. This vital industry contributes billions of dollars and supports millions of jobs in our country's economy and is our leading export sector.    Today we are discussing FAA regulation, regulatory certification processes which have significant impacts on our Nation's ability to innovate, manufacture, export, operate, and maintain the very safest products in an increasingly competitive global market. The FAA is responsible for ensuring every aircraft in our skies is safe, and that those that maintain and fly those aircraft are well-qualified and well-trained.    Besides assuring the safety of aircraft, our certification system must be efficient, rational, and must be applied in a consistent and fair and transparent manner. Too often we are seeing unnecessary regulatory burdens that do not serve to improve actual aircraft safety. It seems to be a process simply for the sake of process.    We are seeing inconsistent interpretations of applications for a number of FAA policies and regulations. In fact, I have heard cases where from region to region it is different, from office to office it is different, and within even offices, inspectors see things in a different way. We have got to make sure that doesn't happen.    Products and technology that can actually enhance aircraft safety are often caught in a bureaucratic maze substantially delaying their implementation and the realization of safety benefits. I have heard concerns that our certification processes are much slower than in other countries, resulting in American companies being placed at a disadvantage to their foreign competitors who have a more streamlined process to get their products certified in the market.    While U.S. commercial aviation is the safest in the world, we must also ensure that our safety regulations and the processes they go through are effective, consistent, and keep pace with the modern marketplace. The FAA is the gold standard for aviation safety. It is a big part of what makes this country the global leader in aviation. We cannot let American leadership slip away or be squandered away because of regulatory processes that are overly burdensome, unnecessarily cumbersome, and inconsistently applied and out of sync with a changing world.    As aviation stakeholders innovate and seek to compete in a fast-paced marketplace, it is important that the FAA's standards keep pace. Instead of being the unquestioned global leader in bringing innovative products to market, the United States sometimes lags behind the rest of the world in the introduction of new technology. Given the concerns we have heard about the FAA's certification processes, we are looking to our witnesses to hear if there are additional reforms and streamlining efforts needed in the next FAA reauthorization and to ensure that our certification processes guarantee the safety of our system while not inhibiting aviation growth.    With that, I now yield to the ranking member, Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. And with that, I want to introduce our two witnesses today: Mr. Ray Conner, who is the president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, The Boeing Company; and Mr. Aaron Hilkemann, I got it right that time, who is the president and CEO of Duncan Aviation. With that, Mr. Conner, I want you to go ahead and start off with your testimony.    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Conner.    And with that, we will turn to Mr. Hilkemann so you can proceed with your testimony.    Mr. Shuster. Can you pull your mic closer to you?    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Hilkemann, and I will begin the questioning.    Again, it is my concern and if anybody has been in the room with me over the last 2 years you have heard me say this over and over, I am very concerned that if we don't do something in this reauthorization to streamline, to make this work for us, we will lose leadership in the world, whether it is manufacturing aircraft parts, technology or--with the airline industry, I think we are already under attack from our opponents out there in the industry.    The Chinese have said they are going to want to build a commercial aircraft here in the next decade or so, so I think now is the time to really move forward.    Mr. Conner, you mentioned the ODA. Can you talk a little bit more in depth? I know it is in your testimony, but can you talk a little bit more about that and what is going on, and what you see as things we can do to change it?    Mr. Shuster. For some of our newer members here, can you explain exactly who works for you and how you train them and the FAA certifies them?    Mr. Shuster. They work for you?    Mr. Shuster. But they are certified, and----    Mr. Shuster . They are responsible for everything?    Mr. Shuster. And you pay those folks? It is on your dime? You are training them----    Mr. Shuster. By Boeing?    Mr. Shuster. Right.    Mr. Shuster. Right.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And Mr. Hilkemann, can you talk some about the inconsistencies that you have seen out there, actual cases that help to highlight what we are talking about here, because I travel around the country, hear a lot of different things--so if you can give us some concrete examples that will be very helpful.    Mr. Shuster. And mobile repair station is something that goes out to the airplane and actually----    Mr. Shuster . Fixes it, rebuilds it?    Mr. Shuster. So after 2\1/2\ years, you were virtually doing the same thing as you were doing before?    Mr. Shuster. And that is why the RCCB is--is that in place now?    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you very much. Yield to Mr. DeFazio for questions.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. And Mr. DeFazio, you asked for a UC. I didn't respond to the UC request to submit a PASS statement into the record. And without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Shuster. And now go to Mr. LoBiondo.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. LoBiondo. With that, recognize Mr. Nolan. No questions for Mr. Nolan.    Mrs. Kirkpatrick is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much. And Mr. Hanna is now recognized for 5 minutes. And also, I want to apologize, Mr. Larsen. You were at the top of the list, Mr. Larsen. I overlooked your name. I apologize for that.    With that, Mr. Hanna is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. Excuse me, Mr. Conner. Can you pull those mics closer to you? It is better the closer you get. We can hear you better.    Mr. Shuster. I want to hear everything you have to say.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. With that, Mr. Larsen.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you. Mr. Rice is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Rice. And with that, Mr. Huffman from California is recognized. Do you have a question? OK. And I just want to take this opportunity to welcome you to the committee, and I understand you are going to be joining us this Congress, so again, look forward to working with you.    Mr. Shuster. Ms. Norton. Ms. Norton is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shuster. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Davis is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Davis.    And Ms. Frankel is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shuster. Stick around for the next panel.    Mr. Shuster. And I think it is important, sometimes I think this goes without saying, but it needs to be said, Boeing and Mr. Hilkemann, they want those planes to work. They can't afford to put a plane out--I mean, that is your business.    Mr. Shuster. Absolutely.    Mr. Shuster. Absolutely.    Mr. Shuster. Mr. Hilkemann, you echo those same sentiments for what you do?    Mr. Shuster. Absolutely. Thank you.    And next is Mr. Hardy.    Mr. Shuster. Mr. Hardy, I think you have got a bad mic. Do you want to scoot over?    Mr. Shuster. It is breaking up somewhere. Move over one chair and try to use someone else's mic. Thanks.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Hardy.    And seeing no one on the Democrat side, Mr. Rouzer--who is on the Democrat side, actually.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Rouzer.    Mr. Gibbs is recognized.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Gibbs.    Mr. Duncan.    Mr. Shuster. Gentleman, Mr. Young.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Young.    And, with that, we thank the panel for being here today, appreciate your input and look forward to working with you for the next FAA reauthorization. We will take a few-moment recess so we can switch out the panels. Thank you very much.    Mr. Shuster. The committee will come to order. We are joined by our next panel. I want to welcome our next panel. I guess everybody went to get coffee or a restroom break.    While we are waiting for our panel to rejoin, I know that a few of us are going to have to leave here close to 12 o'clock. Mr. LoBiondo and myself are serving on Armed Services.    Mr. Larsen, you are not in our meeting. We are picking subcommittees on the Republican side. You guys have already done that? OK.    So Mr. LoBiondo and I will have to excuse ourselves. I believe Mr. Davis is going to take over the chair at that time.    Mr. Shuster. Well, there is nothing wrong with you, Mr. Young. I just figured you had other things to do. You had other places to go.    Have we lost our two other panel members?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Shuster. Right.    Why don't we go ahead? We have another appearance by Dr. Dillingham. He is the Director of Physical Infrastructure Issues for the Government Accountability Office. So on the guidance of Chairman Young, we will start with Dr. Dillingham, who has, again, been a frequent visitor to us.    So Dr. Dillingham, why don't you go ahead and proceed?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Dr. Dillingham.    Next, the Honorable Chris Hart, who is the Acting Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.    Mr. Hart, you may proceed.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Hart.    And next, Ms. Baker, who is the Director of the Aircraft Certification Service at the Federal Aviation Administration.    Ms. Baker, please proceed.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much, Ms. Baker.    As I said, I have to excuse myself, but I wanted to ask a question before I left.    Ms. Baker, your testimony said that you completed 10 of 14 of streamlining the FAA's aircraft certification process. Can you explain to us, does that mean it is fully implemented, or does that just mean a milestone?    Mr. Shuster. So 10 have been fully implemented?    Mr. Shuster. And then, again, talk about some of the things. How do you measure that, whether it is having a positive effect? I guess, if some of them have only just been approved, you haven't had time. But what is the process you go through to measure that to see if they are working and have the effect that we intended?    Mr. Shuster. Thank you.    With that, I am going to recognize Mr. DeFazio and excuse myself. Mr. Davis is going to take the chair. So, again, I thank the witnesses for being here today.