    Ms. Velazquez. Thank you for yielding, and I just want to say for the record that I want to thank Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and the Resident Commissioner for their leadership, as well as Speaker Ryan and our leader, Nancy Pelosi.    In some areas, we are in a much better place than we were 2 weeks ago when the initial draft was made public. The oversight board has improved, but it still needs further improvement. So the ultimate return for Puerto Rico's economy--it is one thing to have the board approve peaceful plans on--but on a whole different matter to have the board approve. It is not working.    But it is a whole different matter to have the board approve laws, regulation, and contracts. This is a degree of micro-management, and I will put this plainly. It is insulting to the island, which has a long memory of the U.S. military takeover in 1898. The same is true about the fact that today we don't have among the witnesses any representatives from the government of Puerto Rico, and here we are discussing important legislation that will impact the lives of the people of Puerto Rico.    What we are demonstrating today as a body, the House of Representatives, is that we have absolute power over the people of Puerto Rico.    So, plainly, we have a colony in the Caribbean. No longer do we use the argument that we can showcase Puerto Rico as a democracy that we use when we needed to get in the face of the Cuban Government.    I yield back.    Ms. Velazquez. Thank you.    I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Johnson, members here are concerned and troubled by the fact that, yes, in Puerto Rico, they have made bad decisions fiscally. They have spent too much. But I would like to ask you--workers in Puerto Rico pay the same payroll taxes as those living in the mainland, yet they receive fewer benefits than those who live in the United States. Do you think that is fair?    Ms. Velazquez. Well, the fact of the matter is that this legislation that we have before us lacks any economic growth policy. And yes, that will be one area that will benefit greatly the people of Puerto Rico.    Mr. Weiss, in your testimony, you stated, and I quote, ``The process for entering restructuring should not require a supermajority vote of the board. A minority of the board should not have veto power at the critical juncture when all other options have been exhausted.''    Given your comments, is it your view that requiring five board members to vote affirmatively to approve Puerto Rico's entrance to judicial restructuring is an insurmountable hurdle, in fact, denying Puerto Rico restructuring authority?    Ms. Velazquez. OK.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.