    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Madam Chair. It took me over 20 years, but I am back on this committee. And I am glad to do so.    Very briefly, I have a comment before I have a question, and that is, I think I speak for all my colleagues on behalf of this Congress and representation of this Nation, when you get a chance to thank those people who volunteered and those folks who went over--and thought of themselves--I know, in New York, people tried to be brave, but we were thinking about the subway going near NYU hospital, going downtown, riding a bus. We didn't know what we were dealing with, and these folks gave so much love and compassionate of themselves that I think this Nation has to show its gratitude. So, if I may, for all of us, when you run into any of them or those people in charge, tell them how grateful this Nation and this Congress is.    My question. Farm production in the region has decreased in areas hard hit by Ebola, as farmers in some affected areas fled to areas seen as safer from exposure to disease. What actions has USAID undertaken to ensure that farm production in the region increases again to the level seen before the Ebola outbreak because I don't think what we want is on top of this issue to have yet another issue of longer or more hunger that may exist in the region already?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. That was a very informative answer, and when you say get them back in production or in the market, that is also encouraging farmers who left to come back to their land, I would imagine.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    And first, let me say that I think I am going to nominate Mr. Ruppersberger for the Johns Hopkins legislator of the year award.    Mr. Serrano. But it is a great institution, and it should be commended for its work.    Let me have just one question. High Ebola infection rates among health workers have contributed to the closure of about 62 percent of health facilities that offer non-Ebola-related care in Liberia. What steps has USAID taken to help the affected countries resume the operations of their health facilities so that they can continue to do work other than Ebola, which is the one we are concentrating on, of course?    Mr. Serrano. I thank you for your answer, and I want to thank you for your service. Our country gets criticized a lot. At times, we do some of it ourselves. But when we see people like you and see the volunteers and we see the doctors and the people that went over, that is America at its best. And we should be proud of ourselves and continue our good work because when we help others, we help ourselves and vice versa. And I am just so proud of the work you do. Thank you so much.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your service. Though the origins of Serrano and Diaz-Balart come from two different islands in the Caribbean, whenever we follow each other we usually stay on the same island for discussion.    So, on the issue of Cuba, let me congratulate the administration for seeing the light that this country hasn't seen for over 50 years and understanding that we do better when we invade people with blue jeans and sneakers and ideas and trade than when we try to isolate them. And I think that you are right, we helped whatever went wrong in Cuba throughout these years by isolating them. I hope to see that change come true.    So I have two questions for you and put them together. Without telling me what I am not supposed to know--I can't believe I am saying this on TV, we are supposed to know everything, right--but without telling me what I am not supposed to know, how are those negotiations going with Cuba and what is it that we want the Cubans to give us in return for opening up diplomatic relations?    And secondly, total my opinion, and this is totally my opinion, we know that our differences with Venezuela stemmed, one, from the style of President Chavez, but it also came strongly from their relationship to Cuba. So if we get close to Cuba, does it open the door to get closer to Venezuela?    Mr. Serrano. Yes, it was. It was. And I can tell you----    Mr. Serrano. But they are isolated, yes, but still unable to blame our country for its treatment of Cuba, which has been used by many Latin American countries throughout the years. So that is why you saw this whooping, you know, this excitement. And I think that your statement that the countries in Latin America would sign up, a lot of Americans just don't understand that Cuba became a symbol to them--to them--of American oppression. And so when that gets settled, then Latin America has to look at itself again.    And we have to look at the fact--and I will close with this--that Latin America in our generation, Mr. Secretary, went from dictators to elected people who didn't care about their constituents to leftist people who built schools and got elected and built hospitals and got elected. And so if we understand that and we embrace that, regardless of how left they are of us, we may accomplish more than what we are accomplishing in Cuba.    And I just want to congratulate you because I have spent 25 years in Congress saying it is a wasted philosophy and policy and it serves nothing. And to see this President take this bold step, it is historic and I appreciate it and I thank you.    Mr.  Serrano. Thank you. First of all, I want to congratulate you on the positive aspects of the work that you do at the Agency that is throughout the world.    There is a question that I should have asked 25 years ago when I came to Congress that has always been on my head and I never asked it, and it has to do with Cuba.    Cuba does not, even though things may change, Cuba does not trust and we spend a lot of time criticizing Cuba. Yet your Agency was in Cuba. Now, Cuba doesn't open its doors to any other American Government agency being there, and I know you didn't invade them by force. So what kind of agreement was there that would allow your Agency to be in Cuba.    And secondly, notwithstanding what we think about the Cuban system, whenever they accused us of meddling in their system and trying to change it, what kept them from kicking us out? I mean, it is all very confusing, this relationship between USAID and Cuba.    Mr.  Serrano. General, if you will forgive me. I understand that, and that is very commendable.    My question is, how did you get there? Did they say it is okay for you to come in and try to undo our system? I mean, there is a part here that has always confused me. How did the Cuban Government, who is not friendly to us and we are not friendly to them for over 50 years, say this Agency is okay to come in, even though at times we will arrest one of them or imprison one of them because they are doing what they are not supposed to be doing. I am totally confused. I can see it from other agencies that do it in a covert situation, but you don't operate that way. So maybe it is a question that can't be answered.    Mr.  Serrano. Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Secretary, you seem to show up at all the committees I belong to, and that is a good thing.    Let me ask you a question. Last week the United Kingdom decided to join the Chinese-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Yesterday France, Germany, and Italy agreed to join the bank as well.    What are your views on this bank? Do you think that China is seeking to enhance its power in the Asia-Pacific region at a time when our Nation is trying to strengthen its military and economic presence in the same region?    Mr. Serrano. It is interesting because you answered my second question at the same time.    So my third question would be: Do you feel there is a tie-in between, for instance, approving the reforms and your ability or our government's ability to talk to the first question about that Infrastructure Bank and other issues?    Mr. Serrano. Well, thank you.    And I yield back.    Mr. Serrano. He answered both questions in one.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, very quickly, I know that there are things you can't tell me about the negotiations going on with Cuba, but can you tell me at least, if you see, or the administration sees a willingness on both sides, and especially on the side of the Cubans, on the part of the Cubans, to make something to change the relationship to, to bring it to the point that I have wanted it, for the last many years and that other people have wanted. Do you see that desire to make this work?    Mr. Serrano. But you have information?    Mr. Serrano. Right. And I am not trying to be funny, but I know that when you sit around that big table with other members of the cabinet, their discussions and opinions and so on, and I can honestly tell you that one of the parts that has confused me totally about our Cuban policy, I mean, a lot of things have confused me, is this whole thing of Cuba being on the list of terrorist nations. It never made any sense, and it is probably the kind of thing that 20 years from now we will decide was a political decision made to appease a certain part of the American community or whatever, but it doesn't make any sense.    Going back to a question that was asked before by Mr. Crenshaw, what are sanctions like? I remember in the Cuba issue, for a while--I don't know if it is still in place--where if a ship did business--or a country did business with Cuba, it could not dock its ship in any of our ports for 180 days. So, those were the kind of things that people apply during sanctions. But, you know, I think many of us are on the same page, that it is time the end this policy. It has been a failure for the Cuban people and for our country, and it is time to move ahead and, you know, just deal with a country that is 90 miles from our coast.    Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Secretary Jacobson, it is my feeling that, throughout the years, part of our dealings in Central America and anywhere south of the Texas border had at times something to do with our dealings with Cuba. It had an overflow or just a resentment on the part of some folks in those countries.    Do you think that our present--and I know this hearing is about Central America, but it becomes one neighborhood. Do you think that our negotiations now with Cuba will have a positive, negative, or non-effect on Central America in terms of how we are seen and what we can ask of them to do?    Mr. Serrano. And, again, I know, first of all, that we are not here to talk about Cuba, necessarily, and, number two, there are things you can't tell me even if you wanted to tell me. I shouldn't say that in public because Members of Congress are supposed to know everything, but there are things you can't tell me.    I see more of a better relationship with all of Latin America, I believe, if we straighten out our situation with Cuba. So do you think that the latest sanctions we put on some on Venezuelan leaders, members of the government, because of their relationship with Cuba may hinder our negotiation with Cuba, without telling me all the things I really want to know about how those negotiations are going?    Mr. Serrano. Right.    Let me just touch on one last point there, because you touched on an important point. It seems that, in both cases that I brought up, you said that, on one hand, there was wide support from Central America and other places in Latin America for the December announcement, and you told me that they don't like sanctions against any of their countries.    So, assuming we reach my dream of seeing full relations with Cuba, is Cuba in any position to play a role in making our relations with the rest of Latin America easier to deal with, or are those separate and apart from our issues with Cuba over the last 50-odd years?    Sometimes I wonder what role would Cuba play as at least someone who has--we won't call it an ally; that may shock some people--but certainly someone that we are now no longer fighting publicly.    Mr. Serrano. And one very quick, Madam Chairman, one quick question.    This is something I should know but I don't know. Are our American territories in the Caribbean, Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, do they fall under a total different, under the American flag, situation? Or do they also get included in some of the conversations we have with the rest of Latin America?    Mr. Serrano. Right.    Mr. Serrano. All right.    Thank you so much.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.    Mr. Diaz-Balart knows the respect I have for him and his whole family, but I can't pass up the opportunity to just remind ourselves that those negotiations and those discussions will also have two sides to it.    I am sure Cubans will want the return, if that is the proper word, of people who have for years been known to be living in this country who took part in acts of violence against Cuba in the early days and in the 1970s in hotels, people, for instance, in Puerto Rico who were preparing travels, excursions to Cuba and other places throughout the country. That may be part of the negotiations, too. So it is not going to be a one-sided thing.    And you are right, Madam Secretary, that first we establish--and the thing that--I hate to say this to a diplomat, but the thing you neglected to say is you can't negotiate if you don't have relations. You first have to establish the relations, and then you can negotiate on both sides. And that is going to happen. And I think the Cubans will also have claims against us.    I keep almost half-jokingly mentioning an issue that nobody has paid attention to. I am not the brightest guy on the block, you know. I mean, there are other people who should have thought of this. But, you know, for 50-something years, we have been playing Cuban music--and you think, ``Music?''--Cuban music in this country, and not a single cent of royalty has been sent to anybody who lives in Cuba who have written those songs or whose relatives are still living there.    So this is a long process. You are right. There are buildings in Cuba that belong to us, this country, are now in the Cuban hands. There are also things that were taken from Cuba, like those royalties.    I will give you a last one that--I have no clue if this is true, but I have been told it is true. When the Cuban revolution took place, there were a couple of hundred, if not a couple of thousand, Cubans working on Guantanamo Base. Therefore, they were Federal employees. Those folks, because we don't send money to Cuba, when they retired from their jobs, or their relatives, never got a penny of a Federal pension because we didn't do that.    So all I am saying is I am backing up your claim that first you establish relations, then you do--but I just wanted to clear up that this is going to be a two-sided conversation because there are claims on both sides.    Mr. Serrano. Right.    And one last--I can't believe I am going to ask a non-Cuba question, but very briefly. The budget for USAID asks for a large increase. And so the question here is, are the countries that will receive this increase ready to receive this increase, ready to put it to work, and ready not to have people who believe in austerity telling us we wasted more money somewhere?    Mr. Serrano. My last comment of the day--first of all, thank you for the work you do for our country and the service to our country. I know it is not easy, but you do it and you do it well.    But, without mentioning names, on one of the subcommittees I was a member of, Madam Chair, as a former Secretary of State was leaving, we asked that person, ``What do you see in the future of Latin America? What big change should we be paying attention to?'' What that person said was very unique, said that they are going to start electing more and more people that look like themselves.    And that is where you see, in a country like Bolivia, a President elected who is part of the majority, the vast majority. And we have to learn to go into those countries and immediately say, you elected that person, let's see if we can work with you before we call you a Socialist or a Communist or a friend of Castro or something. And I think we have made the mistake to label people too early without realizing why these changes have taken place.    We said, have elections. They had elections. When we don't like the result of the election, then we get upset. We can't do that anymore.    Thank you.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you so much.    And thank you, Ambassador, for being here with us and for the work you do in your service to our country.    I am sorry that my colleague from Florida left, my other colleague from Florida, because I wanted to make a statement before I ask a question. And that is that, in negotiating with Cuba, it is going to have to be a game of give-and-take because, yes, we have claims on the Cuban Government.    There are Cuban Americans who feel they have lost property. Whether they abandoned that property or not is a question that has to be settled. There are American corporations that lost property in Cuba rightfully--not rightfully--but they did actually lose the property, and that has to be settled.    But then I always bring up something that makes people sitting in your chair at different hearings kind of scratch their head because, in all honesty, most people hadn't thought about it, and I hadn't thought about it for years. And that is that one of the most popular types of music in this country is salsa music. And salsa music, anybody who is into music knows that it is a New York creation of many Cuban rhythms.    And for years what we have been dancing to and listening to in salsa was compositions and arrangements that belong to Cubans in Cuba who may no longer be alive, but whose relatives are alive, and not a penny was ever paid in royalties to them.    And I have spoken to some people in the business who tell me we could be talking about hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more. And when you see a movie and you see Latin music in the background, chances are it was something written in Cuba by someone who didn't leave Cuba, who stayed in Cuba, and never got a penny. So those discussions are both-sided.    Then you have the issue, yes, there are people living in Cuba that this government would want over here for allegedly or actual crimes that were committed here. But the Cubans have a list of people who are hanging around the 50 States and the territories who they claim have sabotaged and done other things in Cuba.    So my whole point is that it is not a one-sided issue. These negotiations will continue to be very delicate because we have claims on them, but they have claims on us, too. And some artists are going to come into a lot of money, except there are no records of how much we owe them.    But I just wanted to do--ask you one question because my time will run out, and that is: In light of the President's plan to remove Cuba from the state-sponsored terrorism list, which I strongly support, how can the U.N. be of help to the United States in normalizing diplomatic relations with Cuba? In other words, taking Cuba off the terrorist list, is that a plus for our getting more support from the U.N. to help us with this whole issue?    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congressman. And thank you for raising the other issue, which I confess I had not reflected on before, despite being a big fan of salsa music.    With regard to the U.N., what I can say is, up until the President's decisions from December, Cuba has been a very--even to call it a polarizing issue would be probably an understatement.    There is an annual resolution in the General Assembly in opposition to the U.S. embargo against Cuba that usually passes, basically, with the support of a majority of countries within the U.N., but also with only a couple no votes, usually us and Palau and maybe, I think, on occasion, Israel.    We have been very isolated within the international system, which I raise, and--again, given my earlier exchange over Cuba, because I think the steps that we have taken have actually made it easier, I feel, for me to be heard on Cuban human rights issues than I was before.    Because every time I would raise Cuban human rights--and, again, I--Congressman Diaz-Balart, maybe this is just something I could also direct at you--in the past, when I would raise my human rights concerns--there have been 600 short-term arbitrary detentions of Cubans in the month of March alone. But when I would raise that in the past, all I would hear about is the embargo.    And now I feel I have a clean shot at making the case because the diversion that--and, frankly, this is all that people were doing, was using it as a diversion, but we were very isolated. And now we are no longer isolated, and I think we are in a stronger position to raise our human rights and democracy concerns about Cuba.    That is one example. And we do that whether it is with regard to individual prisoners. We tried for a long time to get an independent investigation into the death of Oswaldo Paya, and I tried that also within the U.N. Cuba--again, this may change--but has had a lot of support from some of the usual suspects, but also from some you wouldn't expect.    And so we want to--again, we are very, very sincere that any process of normalization or--in the event that the state-sponsored terrorism designation goes ahead and is rescinded, that is not--does not mean Cuba gets a pass on the human rights issues of concern.    Indeed, I think that we will be more successful in foraging coalitions and putting more pressure not just from the United States, but also from some of our European friends and others, if we can get, you know, our own issues sort of put to one side and focus on what really matters, which is the fate of the Cuban people themselves.    Mr. Serrano. Well, I thank you. I thank you for your work on all this. Thank you.