    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Grim. I appreciate you being here, and I appreciate you helping us on these issues.    As I believe all of us know, the Department of Labor clearly is aggressively pushing a new fiduciary standard based upon the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). While I heard concerns early on, every day it has become more evident that the Department of Labor has little understanding of the market that it is seeking to regulate or really any perception of the negative implications its proposal have on retail investors, and my sense is they are not willing to listen.    On July 29, 2015, I sent two separate letters to Secretary Perez. It has now been almost 3 months, and he has not responded to me and has done nothing to address the serious concerns of my constituents.    Since Secretary Perez has chosen not to respond to these letters, I wanted to see if I could ask your opinion on these issues. Should the exclusive sale of proprietary products or services be viewed as a violation of a best interest standard?    As you know, this has been proposed by the Department of Labor, but it would be inconsistent with the congressional directive of Section 913 of Dodd-Frank. Labor has proposed that options not be permissible in retirement accounts, but they would continue to be permissible in nonretirement accounts. What are your thoughts on the concept of limiting the types of investments that can be held in retirement accounts?    Mr. Grim. I would say that with respect to the questions that you directed to Secretary Perez and DOL, I don't know the answers to those. I can tell you that under Section 913, which is directed to the SEC, you are absolutely right, one of the provisions in there involves the issue of sales of proprietary products, and that is one of the considerations that we are looking at very carefully.    We got a lot of public comment around that issue in response to the study that we did subsequent to Dodd-Frank, as well as a further request for information that we did a couple of years later. That has been a very important issue, and that is part of the thing that we are trying to sort out as part of our recommendation.    Mr. Hultgren. Let me follow up on that then with Section 913 of Dodd-Frank. It provides that the SEC has the authority to adopt a uniform fiduciary standard for broker-dealers and investment advisers for advice provided to retail investors. In March, Chair White stated the SEC should act to implement such a standard. Since the statement from Chair White, what action has your office taken, and what is the status of your recommendation to the Commission?    Mr. Grim. After Chair White directed the staff to develop that recommendation, that is essentially directed to at least three parts of the Commission. So it is Investment Management with our expertise about investment advisers; the Division of Trading and Markets, who has expertise on broker dealers; and then our Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, who is sort of integrally involved in all the rulemakings that we do at the Commission now, including on this one, because this one has a number of challenging issues in terms of impacts on investors, impacts on markets, and impacts on products.    We are working very closely. The three divisions are working very closely on the recommendation.    Mr. Hultgren. It is my opinion, and I think many would share this, certainly my constituents would share this, that politically biased and less informed rulemaking by the Department of Labor, I don't believe, should be putting in place flawed rules. I think it makes much more sense for the SEC, they could do a better job of balancing access to retirement advice and products with consumer protection.    On Friday, March 6th, Secretary Perez told CNBC that, ``I have personally met a number of times with Chair White, and our staffs have been working together closely throughout.''    I wonder, what are some specific examples of input from the SEC that Labor has used in its public proposals?    Mr. Grim. I think that in terms of the SEC staff sharing of expertise with Labor Department folks, a lot of what we have been talking about with them has been on impacts, impacts of choices that they are making on investors, on registrants, SEC registrants, on access to products.    Mr. Hultgren. Let me ask you this really quick. I just have a few seconds left. Do you believe the Department of Labor should suspend its rulemaking until the SEC finalizes its rule? Why or why not?    Mr. Grim. What DOL does with their rule is up to DOL. My focus at the SEC has been on developing the recommendation on the SEC's fiduciary duty proposal for consideration by our Commission.    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you for your time.    My time has expired. I yield back.