    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Inspector General Roth, I want to go on record to not only thank you but your entire team for your service. I have great admiration for your role and the roles of your colleagues across the Federal workforce.    But I have a top-five list, and I would say you and your team are in my top-five list for not only doing insightful work but thorough work, actionable work, and follow-up work that provides a real tool for Members of Congress. And so I want to make sure that the record reflects that.    Mr. Meadows. Administrator Neffenger, are you familiar with Federal Air Marshal Robert MacLean?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Are you familiar with the fact that the courts have overturned TSA's assertions that his whistleblower disclosures were not prohibited by law?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Are you aware of the fact that it has been over a year since an administrative judge has indicated that those disclosures should indeed be protected?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So if you are aware of all of those, and in light of the fact that Mr. Cummings asked do you tolerate retaliation, in what scheme could you not see the fact that he has been reinstated but yet no raises, he still continues to be paid at a position--and not put in a position that he would have been in had he not been fired? At what point can you justify that that is not retaliation?    Mr. Meadows. At a pay that he was that in 2005. Do you know any other TSA employee that is at a pay that he was at in 2005?    Mr. Meadows. No, you don't have to double-check. I know.    Mr. Meadows. Do most TSA employees get a raise?    Mr. Meadows. So would you say that if he didn't, would that be retaliation?    Mr. Meadows. Well, no ----    Mr. Neffenger.--if he didn't get ----    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no? If he is getting paid the same that he got paid in 2005, is it retaliation?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I am giving you the facts of the case. Is it retaliation or not?    Mr. Meadows. Because let me tell you, what really bothers me is I protect my whistleblowers, and for you to get up here and talk about how wonderful the rank-and-file is and how you are looking out for their best interest and to see evidence that retaliation continues to go, it has a chilling effect, wouldn't you think?    Mr. Meadows. Well, why is the ----    Mr. Meadows. Yes. Why are they having to do a full investigation?    Mr. Meadows. I am talking about the one they are about to embark on.    Mr. Meadows. Well, don't you think you ought to be?    Mr. Meadows. You know ----    Mr. Neffenger.--in the organization.    Mr. Meadows. You know, Administrator, let me just tell you, that testimony is very troubling to me because what I am not going to tolerate is retaliation on whistleblowers, and that is what it looks like to me.    Mr. Meadows. So can you get back to this committee within 30 days with the way that you are going to rectify it so the Office of Special Counsel doesn't have to do a full investigation?    Mr. Meadows. So do I have your commitment ----    Mr. Meadows.--that ----    Mr. Neffenger.--that I will get back to you with what I have found ----    Mr. Meadows. An action plan.    Mr. Neffenger.--involving that ----    Mr. Meadows. An action plan.    Mr. Neffenger.--and if necessary, an action plan, yes, sir.    Mr. Meadows. Within 30 days to the chairman?    Mr. Meadows. Well, that is not an answer.    Mr. Neffenger.--what you've just told me.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. What is a reasonable amount of time there, Administrator?    Mr. Meadows. Yes, you have done your research. This would not have been a shock that this might have come up today. Is that a shock to you?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Mr. Neffenger.--this Federal air marshal.    Mr. Meadows. Let me dispense with the rhetoric. Get it fixed where we don't have to waste taxpayer dollars on a special investigation into this. You are the guy in charge. We are going to hold you accountable.    And I will yield back. I will expect a response to the committee in 30 days.