    Ms. Olson. Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, and distinguished members of this subcommittee, thank you for inviting me today to share my concerns about the problems taxpayers are facing in their dealings with the IRS.    In my 2014 annual report to Congress, I designated inadequate taxpayer service as the number one most serious problem facing taxpayers. This year, taxpayers are receiving the worst levels of taxpayer service since at least 2001, when the IRS implemented its current performance measures.    Taxpayers call and write the IRS not only to get the answers to tax law questions, refund status or transcripts, but also to request penalty abatements, respond to math error notices, and make payment arrangements.    Yet, from January 1 through February 14 of this year, the IRS answered only 43 percent of the calls it received from taxpayers seeking to speak with a customer service representative, and those taxpayers who managed to get through sat on hold for an average of about 28 minutes.    By comparison, during the same period last year, 77 percent of taxpayers got through and waited on hold an average of 10 minutes. The IRS is now only answering the most basic of tax law questions through April 15 and none after that date, and it is no longer preparing tax returns for the most vulnerable taxpayer populations, namely, the elderly, the disabled, and the low-income.    This performance decline is huge and results from a combination of more work and reduced resources. On the workload side, the IRS is receiving 11 percent more returns from individuals, 18 percent more returns from business entities, and 70 percent more telephone calls (through fiscal year 2013) than a decade ago, not to mention the Affordable Care Act implementation.    On the funding side, the IRS's budget has been reduced by about 17 percent in inflation-adjusted terms since fiscal year 2010. As a consequence, the IRS has reduced its workforce by nearly 12,000 employees and it projects it will have to reduce its workforce by several thousand additional employees during fiscal year 2015.    Like any agency, I believe the IRS can operate more effectively and efficiently in certain areas. However, I do not see any substitute for sufficient personnel if high-quality taxpayer service is to be provided.    The only way the IRS can assist the tens of millions of taxpayers seeking to speak with an IRS employee is to have enough employees to answer the phones. The only way the IRS can timely process millions of taxpayer letters is to have enough employees to read the letters and act on them. And the only way the IRS can meet the needs of the millions of taxpayers who visit its walk-in sites is to have enough employees to staff them.    Now, while I believe the IRS requires more funding on the taxpayer service side, I also believe it is incumbent on the IRS to spend the resources it has as effectively and efficiently as possible. Reductions in services always should be made with the goal of minimizing the impact on taxpayers and on performance. I find it difficult to ascertain exactly how the IRS made its resource allocation decisions with respect to taxpayer service or what data it relied upon.    I have proposed a ranking methodology for the major taxpayer service activities for individuals. This new methodology will take taxpayer needs and preferences into account while balancing them against the IRS's need to conserve limited resources.    Frequently, taxpayer needs are best met by personal services that are more costly to the IRS than automated services, such as Internet-based services. While it may be tempting to migrate taxpayer service toward low-cost self-assistance options in the current budget environment, such efforts may ultimately be wasted and costly if the IRS does not properly address taxpayers' actual service needs.    In the absence of a ranking methodology that takes into consideration the taxpayers' needs, the IRS will continue to make difficult resource allocation decisions based on limited data and gut instinct rather than through comprehensive analytic rigor.    In my testimony and in my 700-page annual report to Congress, I have provided numerous other examples of programs in which I believe the IRS can utilize its resources more effectively and efficiently, including the math error program, identity theft, the automated substitute for return program, audit selection, and collection case selection.    The best way for Congress to hold the IRS accountable for how it allocates resources and makes decisions is through active, consistent oversight of the agency not just on the issue du jour, but on the routine work the IRS does. This hearing is an example of just such effective oversight.    It is critical that the IRS take steps to rebuild Congressional trust. It is also critical, in my opinion, that Congress provide the oversight and funding that the IRS needs to do its important work of helping taxpayers meet their tax obligations and collecting the revenue on which the rest of the Government depends. In my written statement, I have tried to offer some recommendations to help in this regard.    Ms. Olson. I would second what Mr. George says about the Commissioner. Obviously, I report to him, but I have reported to many commissioners. And this Commissioner has very much an open door and does seek my advice.    I would say about half of our recommendations in our annual report to Congress are adopted by them--they agree to it every year. Now, the problem is the devil is in the details. How do we get them implemented?    And what I see and I continue to see after 14 years in this job is a cultural mindset that really is based on historical practices and it is very difficult to get people to look at data that might show that their assumptions are no longer based in reality. And that is not a problem that is limited to the IRS. It is in any large entity. But with the budget where it is, that becomes a critical problem.    And I have advised the Commissioner and identified for him, as I have in my testimony and in my report, programs that I would say to him to take offline and do basically an audit of those programs to really look at, ``What are you doing? How are you selecting cases? How are you getting your false positives? What are you learning from those false positives?'' and then come back and say, ``Okay. We took this program offline. Didn't bring in a lot of revenue from this program this year. But we can prove through pilots going forward that we are going to put so much less taxpayer burden out there, but be much more effective with the resources that we have.''    And I think there is a lot of low-hanging fruit in the IRS that you can do this with and some more difficult, but they are known and they should be worked on.    Ms. Olson. I would say that, first, I wasn't consulted in this decision. And so I am still trying to figure out what it means. But the IRS always makes a determination of who it is going to go after, who it doesn't. Unless we want a 100 percent audit rate, we are selecting who we go after.    I do have concerns about equity of the 50,000 who have filed and they are not having to pay back, but the people who haven't filed are going to get corrected 1095-As and their taxes will be adjusted downward. And we have the California folks who have gotten some incorrect information.    And the incorrect information is expected in the first year of any program. We get incorrect information from private businesses all the time. And my office has recommended that there be a de minimis figure so that it doesn't cost more to process a corrected return than it does to recoup the tax from it.    And my understanding is, for many of these 800,000, the actual dollar amount is very minimal and some of them will get refunds. But, still, it raises concerns. And I will be having conversations about that. I only wish I had been able to have those conversations before the decision was made.    Ms. Olson. The Automated Collection System is a centralized call site, and it was originally set up decades ago to be a way in a sort of a production environment to be able to reach out to taxpayers with relatively modest debts and come up with ways of collecting it.    But over the years what it has turned into is a way of using automated levies, et cetera, to go out and, instead of making outgoing calls to taxpayers and talking through collection alternatives, using a few letters and levies to get the taxpayer to call us. And so you are already in a confrontational environment when you are in ACS.    And our research has shown that, actually, ACS is not very effective in collecting dollars. The most effective way that we have got is actually refund offsets, where a taxpayer gets a refund in a year and we have a debt on the books and we just grab the refund, and then through installment agreements.    And our data has shown that, even as the resources available to Automated Collection System have dropped, that revenue collected through collection has remained stable, inflation-adjusted.    And what we think is the most effective way is if the IRS could get to those cases early when the dollars are low and then continue to both send letters, like a credit card company does, to taxpayers, but also make some outgoing calls to talk the taxpayer through their collection alternatives, get them in an installment agreement, get it to be a debit agreement from their checking account so it is automatic, and then get them, even more importantly, on the road to future compliance. That should be our focus. Go and sin no more.    But this is one of those areas where I have not been able to make headway with the IRS to really review this perceived wisdom that ACS is cost-effective. I think it is not cost-effective. It brings in some money, but it causes problems for taxpayers later on. And we are not working the right cases in ACS either. So that is my assessment.    Ms. Olson. Well, I think you are seeing some of what could go wrong by not funding it with the 43 percent level of service on the phones and a 70, 75 percent over-age percentage on correspondence, where correspondence that the IRS gets they can't get through in their timeframes and so taxpayers do not get responses.    I have thought a lot about the Affordable Care Act and the administration of it in the IRS, and there are some actual positive things from it. This is the one program where we actually get information returns, like Mr. George was talking about, early in the process and we can use them as we match these returns.    And so, in some ways, the IRS has been able to use the work that it has done on the Affordable Care Act to create a model for what we should be doing once we get the legislative authority to receive other information returns earlier in the process and can, as Mr. George says, prevent dollars from going out the door that shouldn't. And I think the ACA has really helped us, you know, get there. We are doing that with the Affordable Care Act.    You know, one thing I have really thought about is that I am very--I am not a healthcare analyst, but I am a practical tax lawyer and I think that aligning the sign-up period with the actual filing season. If you are really going to run this through the Tax Code, it makes sense. If taxpayers are going to get a penalty, they see that impact between now and April 15, and that might drive their behavior to sign up the next year. And having that sign-up period not aligned with it doesn't make sense from a behavioral perspective. And that is one thing I have thought about.    Ms. Olson. The other thing that has happened, if I might add this, is that a lot of IT projects, small information technology projects, that would be good for taxpayers have been put on hold because the IRS has a limited IT staff and they are focusing on the Affordable Care Act and FATCA. And that has had impact to the taxpayers. It increased burden on taxpayers for delayed initiatives that would minimize burden on taxpayers in other areas.    Ms. Olson. I think within 4--electronically, there have been some refunds going out within 4 days. But, generally, a week. And if they file on paper, it could take anywhere from 10 to 14 days to even more weeks.    Ms. Olson. Yes.    Ms. Olson. Yeah.    Ms. Olson. If I could just insert here, the IRS, over the last few years, has been working with some of the largest employers and getting voluntarily their records on the W-2s, for example, before they are required to--we would get them from Social Security.    And so the IRS has built some databases for use during a filing season that we will run returns through to see whether the information reported on them matches. But it is basically asking people a favor.    Ms. Olson. Yes.    Ms. Olson. If I could just add here, your statement is correct. The IRS has got filters that would help it identify questionable things, so looking at things from certain IP addresses or the volume coming from IP addresses or the volume of requested deposit refunds into one account or on one debit card or things like that.    So, you know, we have built filters to identify questionable returns. The problem is, no matter how smart the IRS gets, you know, others are out there moving one step ahead of us. And so you are always sort of tracking behind. And that is one way you get to that large, you know, fraud number.    Ms. Olson. Well, I can't discuss specific filters.    Ms. Olson. But that is something----    Ms. Olson . That anybody would raise questions about.    But I will note preparers legitimately have an IP address that they would be preparing multiple returns through. So----    Ms. Olson. On the return. Right.    Ms. Olson. Right. That would not. That is correct.    Ms. Olson. And that would raise eyebrows.    Ms. Olson. Well, I think there are two peaks in our filing season. And so one would be just right out of the gate for, like, the first 2 or 3 weeks. And that is in your delta period. Right from the start of the filing season to about 3 weeks into it, people rush to get their refunds.    And then the second peak is at the very end, when everybody is like, ``Okay. Now I owe money and I have got to meet this deadline.'' So your problem is in the delta.    And if I could just make one point here, one thing that I have recommended in the past--and it is difficult--is not only moving up the dates for us getting that 1099 and W-2 information, but some countries around the world and some States actually do not pay out refunds until after the end of the filing season.    So they have, ``File your returns from this date to this date.'' And then there is a pause for like a month and a half while the tax agency is able to sort through all this stuff so they can see, ``Oh, we have got two returns coming in from this Social Security number'' or, ``Two people are claiming the same child as a dependent.''    And you have that period to sort out before you are paying any refunds. And then they start paying refunds after a certain date. That is really changing the culture in our country, but it is one way that other countries have been able to combat fraud, to have that pause.    Ms. Olson. My operation this year--you all were very kind to my operation and sustained us and actually gave us a little bit more.    And I can only think that the thinking was that, since we are the safety valve for the IRS, that when the IRS isn't meeting taxpayer needs, there are more taxpayers with significant hardship, and that means they come to us. And, in fact, our cases have increased by 6 percent so far this year over the year before. We are seeing that.    Ms. Olson. Yeah. You know, it is really interesting. We definitely get low- or middle-income working families and then small businesses coming in.    Now, we are always getting--there is always some large business that can't get an issue resolved. It is usually an account issue that can't get resolved because they are talking to a different person each time they call and then they end up.    But the bulk of our cases, you know, 90 percent of our cases, are middle-income, low-income working folks and small businesses who are having problems with the IRS. And those problems can range from collection problems to earned income tax credit problems to other audit problems, account problems.    And certainly identity theft has been for the last 3 or 4 years the largest portion of our case receipts each year, going anywhere from 20 percent to 27 percent of our case receipts in any given year. That is thousands and thousands of identity theft cases.    Ms. Olson. We have actually never really done----    Ms. Olson . An income thing. But I would say, you know, middle to low income and, again, small business--very small business, sole proprietors.    Ms. Olson. Yes. Absolutely.    Ms. Olson. We could pull a sample of our population and look at their most recent returns.    Ms. Olson. I would be glad to give that to you.    Ms. Olson. All right, well, I think there is a lot in your statement. I too share the concerns about the civil asset forfeiture, and I think some of the oversight that this Congress is doing on that, and looking at the due process protections that may need to be added to that process, are very important. I think that in terms of the culture, I make a distinction. I think in each of the instances that you have raised, it is a very small portion of the 90,000 IRS employees who are involved in that. And I think there we really need to look at those actions and see what more would need to be done. I will also note that the IRS adopted, after I had recommended it for years, in June, a Taxpayer Bill of Rights. And among those rights are the right to privacy, the right to confidentiality, the right to a fair and just tax system.    And you know, Mr. Roskam, and this House passed it last summer, and I believe there will be some action this year. And I have recommended that you actually codify that, and hold the Commissioner accountable for making sure that those rights are worked and honored in every aspect of tax administration. And frankly, only then will you get back the trust of the American taxpayer.    Ms. Olson. And my office.    Ms. Olson. Could I make a comment about that? I think that there are multiple sources of error and fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit. And I have--I owned a tax practice when the Earned Income Tax Credit was enacted, so I sort of feel like we are good buddies from 1975 on. I have wondered about that decline in preparer prepared returns, and I think really there are preparers involved. They are just no longer signing them. And that might go to an IP address thing. Can you find out whether you are getting a number of these returns from one address, or going into one bank account?    But preparer regulation for this unenrolled population is going to be huge. Because if you can deal with a preparer strategy, if you can deal with one preparer who is doing bad returns, you are not going just one taxpayer by one taxpayer, you are getting the whole bunch of those returns. The other thing is, we have made legislative recommendations for changing the statute itself that might help minimize some of the opportunity for fraud. And the third thing that I would say, we have done research that shows that the IRS is actually not auditing the right issue when they are doing their audits of EITC. They are not auditing the issue that actually our own--the IRS's own research has shown has the most dollars associated with it. So they are sort of going after the lowest hanging and easiest fruit rather than the area where you might be able to move the dial on improper payments. And those are just three things that I would comment on.    Ms. Olson. May I attempt to answer that?    Ms. Olson. I think that the IRS leadership is actively working on a concept of operations for the years to come that will incorporate online taxpayer accounts, so that taxpayers can see what is going on. They can communicate with the IRS electronically. They can send documents to the IRS, trying to drive some of the traffic on the phones over to the electronic environment. And I think that will then leave--that will then allow the resources on the phones to be able to address the issues that people really need to talk to somebody about.    Ms. Olson. Well, I view what had happened, and I say this not trying to minimize it, as really managerial malpractice; that there was a lack of serious attention and assistance being given to the frontline employees who were trying to get answers. And that is why entities that were selected and targeted did not get action on them. And those kinds of managerial failures have been corrected. There are processes in place for review and getting answers and information that didn't exist when all of that was going on.    I would say that right now, what is happening with the returns is that the IRS has changed the rules saying all you have to do is attest that a certain percentage of your activity will not be, or will not be put, to political activity, electioneering, and you are fine. And then they are going to rely on audits on the back end to see if they have got any abuses there. And so we are not really out of the woods here yet because we don't know how they are going to be auditing these entities, what they are going to think is an abuse later on. And that brings us back to: I really do believe that Congress needs to act to give a little bit better definition and guidance to the IRS about what constitutes political activity and what is the incorrect or the untolerated level of political activity.    I have made a legislative recommendation in my report to Congress this year about that, and I think that will help enormously. But I do think we will have to see how the IRS selects entities for audit before we can say, you know, where we are on this.