    Mr. Dempsey. I want to thank the Committee, Chairman Conaway, and Ranking Member Peterson for holding this hearing to provide a balanced review of one of the most critical issues facing the food industry today, the labeling of genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.    My name is Tom Dempsey. I have served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Snack Food Association since 2013. Prior to joining SFA, I was the President of one of the largest privately owned snack brands in the United States. We represent over 400 companies in the snack industry. My members include both billion-dollar multi-category companies and small family-owned businesses in the second and third generation of management. More than \1/2\ of SFA members have sales of less than $100 million a year, and many are the primary employers in their communities.    Mandatory GMO labeling would impact nearly every aspect of my members' businesses, upping costs by requiring increased product inventory, added complexity for packaging and distribution processes, and extensive new regulatory and training requirements. Absent a Federal solution, manufacturers will have essentially three options to comply with a state GMO labeling law: redesign their packaging, reformulate products so that no labeling is required, or halt sales to that state. Each option is difficult, costly, time-intensive, and at worst, could eliminate jobs and consumer choice in the marketplace. Smaller companies may not have these options at all.    A patchwork of mandatory GMO labeling laws would pose significant burdens on the manufacturing process itself. They would require separate storage for GMO and non-GMO products throughout the entire supply chain beginning with the farmer and extending through the various stages of production and distribution. Aside from new administrative and recordkeeping burdens, snack makers would be forced to clean and boil the sheeting, baking, frying, and seasoning lines between GMO and non-GMO production runs with extensive time costly delays.    Duplicative film labeling for the same stock keeping unit or SKU assigned to each product line is also a problem. Film, the industry's term for snack bag packaging, would need to be changed mid-production and two separate inventories of the same finished product must be kept. If one, ten, or 25 states enact different GMO labeling laws, this process would become even more burdensome and difficult to comply with, particularly from an interstate commerce perspective.    Significant lead times and costs would also go into bag changes. The cost in plate charges, new film, and administrative oversight could be more than $750,000 for 800 SKUs, and the process could take 20 to 26 weeks.    GMO and non-GMO producers must continue to be segregated by state, from the factory to the grocery store, resulting in increased distribution costs and heightened opportunity for mistakes.    To be clear, the hardest hit by this will be one-plant operators with a single line of production. These costs could put family-owned businesses out of business and increase consolidation in the industry.    While it is sometimes assumed that companies could remove GMO ingredients from their products, this is unrealistic because the availability of non-GMO crops, as you have heard, is limited. Over 80 percent of the corn, cotton, and soybean crops in the United States are produced with biotechnology, all of these products, which are staple items in the snack food production.    Our members will not have the opportunity to increase their contracts with farmers or mills for non-GMO corn, for instance, for over 2 years. Transitioning to GMO-free production will not happen overnight from genetically engineered plants.    Some manufacturers may choose to end distribution in states that require GMO labeling resulting in fewer product options for consumers and causing a ripple effect in the grocery industry. Even if manufacturers notify grocers of their intent to stop selling in a state, manufacturers could run the risk of being fined if retailers do not comply or if mistakes happen in the distribution process.    Fewer players in the aisle could mean less incentive to keep quality high and prices low. Fewer products could disproportionately cause job losses for some in the distribution chain.    Ultimately, a patchwork of state GMO laws will hit consumers the hardest in result in either increased cost at the grocery store or less availability of products on store shelves. Current Federal law mandates food labels for safety and nutritional purposes, and because GMOs as you have heard have proven to have no material difference than non-GMOs, there is no food safety or nutritional difference that requires an additional label. Going down a path which calls for mandatory GMO labels sets a bad precedent for future calls for mandatory labels for issues that are not related to food safety or nutrition.    Consumers already have the option to purchase non-GMO foods, and these options continue to expand. For over a decade, both the USDA's National Organic Program and the independent Non-GMO Project have certified that foods are organic and GMO-free respectively.    Many SFA members have already made the significant investment in marketing decisions to display these voluntary labels. Forcing companies to re-label more than 80 percent of their products does nothing but add cost, confusion, and may limit the choices.    SFA does not have a single member company that manufactures, distributes, and sells in just one state which makes a state labeling law incredibly complex. Multiply these challenges by five, ten, or 25 states and an insurmountable burden is placed on the supply chain. SFA supports a voluntary labeling standard which eliminates the proposed patchwork of state laws and allows the market forces that are already in place to continue to inform the consumer. As more and more states continue to pursue different mandatory GMO labeling laws, manufacturers and consumers alike need the consistency of a Federal standard, and we need it urgently.    Thank you for your time and consideration.    Mr. Dempsey. I would agree. Obviously we have, as I said, companies that are multi-category, multi-billion dollar companies and small family-owned businesses. This is going to be much harder for that small family-owned business with one plant to do anything to adhere to the Vermont law as well as sell their product across other states. So those options are much more limited for the small manufacturer family-owned businesses than they would be for a multi-plant, multi-billion dollar business. So I would be repeating what we just already said to go further, but it would be a difficult decision for every company to decide what to do in Vermont.    Mr. Dempsey. We do think that is exactly the case. I mean, we have a template for that. The organic labeling has given the consumer who wants that product all the information they have needed. As somebody said earlier, we don't force companies to form labels that say non-organic. So that doesn't make much sense along that pattern that we would change anything different for GMO-free labeling.    The information is there on a voluntary basis. If somebody wants it, they seek it out and purchase that product.    Mr. Dempsey. Just one comment that Congressman Aguilar made that is important and is kind of overlooked in this Committee or even on the whole discussion and that is defining the term natural. Many of my member companies are in numerous litigation between the different perceptions of what is natural and what isn't natural, and the part of the bill, my understanding is, that it mandates a Federal definition of natural. And certainly that is something that we would advocate very strongly that has to done.    Mr. Dempsey. Thank you, Congressman. As I said, most of our businesses are smaller, family-owned businesses, second-, third-, fourth-generation. The snack industry is a very regional, localized business. So you have a lot of small manufacturers who are employing, the main employers, and the manufacturing process in their areas.    To be able to basically navigate a list of state laws would take additional people, additional costs, or painful decisions to exit a certain market. And in many cases, those markets are the markets on the border that they would have a hard time complying with state-by-state laws, especially if those laws have different nuances and different regulations.    So the hard decisions are you sell or you stop manufacturing and walk away.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay. So the impact would be considerable?    Mr. Dempsey. The impact would be considerable both in more warehouse space, more SKUs, more film, a greater distribution burden based upon more SKUs on a truck. It would be significant, yes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. All right. And Mr. Policinski.    Mr. Dempsey. Let me just add that supermarkets are national in scope as well. So the decision not to sell in Vermont is more complicated by how you bring your product to market, whether it is DSD, direct store delivery, or through warehouse distribution.    If you are shipping product into an Ahold store in Massachusetts, the Stop and Shop, the chances of that product being sent erroneously to Vermont are magnified many times so that you have supermarkets that are operating in four or five or six different states but the burden, at least in Vermont's law, is on the manufacturer to make sure that your product is not on those shelves.    It really becomes a liability to the manufacturer to even ship to a grocery store who is doing business in many states. So there are a whole bunch of repercussions that come out of that system.    Mr. Dempsey. A broader statement is that companies make products to sell them, and whatever they can do to sell them, to entice the consumer to purchase them, they are going to do, whether it is to go for organic certification or whether it is to go for GMO-free or to manufacture products that are gluten-free. That information for that segment of the market is available from a marketing perspective of those companies. I see no difference between that and labeling everything else that this does contain gluten which is already in the nutritional----    Mr. Dempsey. Yes. The answer is the two lines refer to just having one state that mandated the labeling and everybody else who didn't. So there is significant input, depending on the number of states who have different regulations. But yes, all up and down the line as we talked, our grain is kept in masa, it is kept in separate silos. You have to have separate silos for that. The distribution changes would be significant because you have to keep track of various different strains of products going to different states, the same product but labeled differently. So the multipliers in cost come up with how many different labels you have to keep and how many different infrastructure you need to build to hold those.