    Dr. Kahn. Thank you. Chairwoman Comstock, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Lipinski, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on this timely and vitally important subject.    As you heard in the introductions, I am a Professor of Bioethics in Public Policy at the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics in Baltimore.    Also relevant to my comments today, I am also currently Chair of an Institute of Medicine Consensus Study commissioned by the FDA on ethical and social policy considerations of novel techniques for prevention of mitochondrial transmission in women to their offspring. Given that this study is considering issues related to the topic of today's hearing and the work of that committee is ongoing, I will restrict my comments to general observations and an overview of ethical and policy landscape related to gene editing.    I'll focus my comments on three main topics: first, policy history and related areas of science and biomedical research; second, ethical issues raised by gene editing technologies; and third, relevant existing ethical frameworks and approaches to oversight.    The relevant policy history started in 1975, and we heard some mention of this earlier, with the Asilomar Conference on recombinant DNA molecules whose summary statement focused on containment of the risks of creating and working with genetically modified organisms. And with the admonition to avoid experiments that ``pose such serious dangers that their performance should not be undertaken at this time,'' along with a call for continuing reassessment of issues arising in light of new knowledge gained with the experience of the then-new genetic technologies. And we've heard from Dr. Dzau that the National Academies are effectively taking on the same role 40 years later.    These voluntary suggestions that came from the Asilomar summary gave way to more robust oversight as the use of genetic technologies became more refined and with the initial attempts to treat disease in humans. It should be noted that that's 40 years ago, and in the current environment, it would be very difficult for voluntary statements from a collection of even esteemed U.S. scientists to prevent research from going forward internationally, as we've seen already with the publication of the Chinese laboratory experiment.    The ethical issues posed by gene editing and related technologies for modifying human DNA fall into three general categories of concern: first, the implications of the modification of germline DNA, and we've heard some about that already; second, the implications of interfering in processes that should be off-limits to humans. Sometimes those are sort of generally termed ``playing God,'' and that's problematic in some people's minds; and third, the potential for selection or introduction of traits for other than treatment or avoidance of disease, such as physical or behavioral traits or even enhancements.    The focus of much ethical analysis in the application of manipulation of genetic information in humans has been on changes that affect the germline, that is changes that are heritable and therefore able to be passed on to future generations of individuals. The basis of these concerns relate to the uncertainty of the effects of genetic notification, the inability to ``undo'' unintended genetic changes or limit their effects, and the risks of passing on such unintended changes and their consequences to future generations. And that would of course go on forever.    These ethical concerns have been addressed through a range of approaches in order to limit certain types of research or to provide prospective oversight prior to particular proposals being undertaken. We heard from Dr. Dzau that there are restrictions on federal funding of research that involves human embryos. Privately funded research is not affected by these restrictions, though the convention is that research on embryos should take place no later than 14 days after fertilization, and that's a limit also accepted by most countries engaged in research on human embryos. I should also note that there seems to be growing agreement that research should be restricted to nonviable human embryos.    There are a number of institution-level oversight mechanisms that will apply to gene editing. That includes Institutional Biosafety Committees, which are charged with overseeing research with recombinant or synthetic nucleic acid molecules; Institutional Stem Cell Research Oversight Committees, which are charged with, as their name implies, research on human embryonic stem cells and related areas of research. And as the technologies are introduced into human subjects, Institutional Review Boards will be charged with overseeing any potential use on humans.    Lastly, there's a role to be played by the scientific publication community. They have--journal publishers have an increasingly important role to play in setting and enforcing standards of behavior within the scientific community since publication of findings in the peer-reviewed scientific literature signifies the endorsement of the community of researchers.    Journals also play an additional critical role with requirements on the ethics standards being respected, assurances authors' contributions are duly noted, and that human subjects are protected. So there's a role to be played on the part of the journal publication process that will restrict the potential of any unethical research going forward.    Let me conclude by saying the United States has played a leadership role in this area in recombinant DNA and has the opportunity to do so going forward. There will be gaps identified in the process that the National Academies has set out on that need to be identified and addressed, and it is an appropriate time to consider what those ought to be.    Thank you.    Dr. Kahn. So I would just like to echo what you've heard from my colleagues on the panel and add a little bit to expand on what I said about publication. It's difficult for the scientific community to identify any one thing that it can take on in an international way, but scientific publication knows no borders. And there have been calls now for--before publication of any gene editing research that there be a disclosure of the ethics review that that research underwent. That did not happen so far as we know with the Chinese research that was recently published, and in fact, the reports have been about Science and Nature rejected that paper when they considered it and at least in part on ethics grounds. So that would be one way to create some--a framing of what would be acceptable as determined by the scientific community itself through the peer review process.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And, Dr. McNally, did you have anything to add? I have a few more seconds before I turn----    Dr. Kahn. Just very briefly, the kind of work people are talking about on an international level is really critical in establishing principles and guidelines for how to move forward. I think moratoria--blanket moratoria are probably not what we need but figuring out when we can go forward and how and under what kind of restrictions. So certainly in vitro only and probably, you know, for a very long time until it's determined that the milestones have been met in order to move forward into humans. So that's the good work that entities like the Academies can engage in and I think critical at the international level.    Dr. Kahn. That's a great question and how much time do we have I guess is going to be part of my answer. But of course those of the first kind of questions that we ask.    I will say there has been a long-standing line that has not been crossed and that is modification of the human germline. That has held for decades since the beginning of recombinant DNA technology was available and begun to be implemented.    One thing that none of us have actually talked about is the recombinant DNA Advisory Committee, which is a committee of the advisory to the Director of the NIH, which has in its guidelines a statement that they will not consider any proposed research that modifies the human germline. So it's effectively a prohibition from that research going forward. Now, it only applies to research that is subject to the oversight of that committee, but that has been a bright line.    The other thing which we sort of skirted around but haven't maybe set explicitly is that when there's such uncertainty about the risk and the outcomes, we go slowly. So that's the kind of a soft answer to your question, a mushy one, but I think that's an important principle to--just to articulate in a way that's explicit. When we know it's time to go forward is a harder question but we always start slowly, especially when we're talking about potentials for modifying humans.    Dr. Kahn. So it's--I would sort of ask consent from whom and for what? So you've heard a version of the answer to that question. If we're talking about the donor of the materials that would be researched upon, that's one set of questions. If we're talking about modifying an embryo that might one day be implanted into a woman's body and developed into a child where we have a very difficult conceptual problem. How do we think about consent on behalf of somebody who's not yet been born? And so those are the really interesting ethical questions that we will need to confront. We're certainly nowhere near thinking about doing that kind of application, but those are the kinds of questions that need to be identified, articulated, and addressed in efforts that are like the ones the Academies are taking on.    Dr. Kahn. Thank you. In answer to your question, I think that the FDA will play a critical role although it will only play its role towards the end of the story so the very basic research will be done prior to anybody thinking about an IND application or introducing it into a therapeutic context. And so we need to think about the entire translational pipeline as it were and all of the issues that will arise along the way and make sure that we have appropriate oversight for each of them.    The FDA is clearly thinking about the issues that you are and are trying to figure out how their framework ought to apply.    So first--for first in human applications effectively, and then once something is licensed, how to control its use and dispersal. So one of the things that we all worry about is the so-called off-label use of the new technology. So even though the FDA may approve it only for a limited purpose, once it's licensed, it's hard to control. The FDA has some new tools that may actually make them more feasible to do and I think as we get closer to the kinds of technology were discussing entering the therapeutic marketplace that there will be stronger safeguards in place.    Dr. Kahn. I'll let Dr. Dzau and others speak to this, too, but there always is talk about that and of course it became a bigger issue when the stem cell research--human embryonic stem cell research field really began to grow. And there are now international stem cell research societies which try to address issues that are clearly not governed by borders. And what we don't want of course is to have people who are doing the best science in the world think about leaving this country because it's easier to do elsewhere. So we need appropriate controls but not those that squelch the science. Finding that sweet spot of course is the challenge.    Dr. Kahn. Maybe Dr. Dzau can speak to that if that's okay.    Dr. Kahn. More.    Dr. Kahn. Dr. Kahn. So a little bit before my time but it's a landmark in the area of science policy and then it was a voluntary moratorium instituted by the scientific community. The truth is we haven't seen anything like that since. It was a very important undertaking. And I think when the scientific community got together to talk about the implications of recombinant DNA technology at that time, they weren't sure whether the scientific community would follow what the----    Dr. Kahn. Much like now. It's 40 years later and the scientific community is very different today than it was in 1975.    Dr. Kahn. So we were undisputedly the leaders in the world of that science in 1975. As everybody has said, the technology now is much more widespread and much easier to implement, as Dr. Doudna has said, making it much more difficult for any one community of scientists to actually speak on behalf of the whole.    Dr. Kahn. Um-hum.    Dr. Kahn. Yeah, it's a great question. And as I said in my testimony and in my statement that you read and I reiterated today that the journal publication community has a very important role to play here. What--your research doesn't really mean much unless your peers have reviewed it, called it good, and then it gets published in a credible place. So that's a really important barrier. That doesn't mean people won't try to do things that aren't ethical and then try to get them published, but it's a--has a sort of strong inoculating feature I would say.    The other thing that Dr. Doudna pointed out but I'll reiterate is that there's been a little bit of a disagreement in the scientific community on the topic of gene editing, about whether there should be a moratorium only on clinical application or on something more widespread. And so that's a healthy debate to have and it's great that we're having it and it's great that the Academies are bringing it out to the international level. So that's exactly the discussion we ought to be having.    One last thing I'll say is that people around the world want to be part of the scientific community. There's a very strong incentive for them to behave, right, to follow the conventions which make them a legitimate member and I think we shouldn't underestimate the power of that. So, yeah, there might be fewer restrictions in other parts of the world but those people want to publish in Science and Nature just like American scientists do.    Dr. Kahn. I don't know--    Dr. Kahn. I'm not sure that it's--that I or anybody could do that, and in fact, I'm not sure that it even requires countries. It's individuals who have access to the capacity--    Dr. Kahn. --which, as Dr. Doudna has said, is actually fairly democratic I think was the term that she used. So in a way, you know, it's about where people have the laboratory capacity and that's almost anywhere in the world.    Dr. Kahn. And I'll let my colleagues speak to the concrete answer to that question but I think exactly that kind of point is really important for how we think about what appropriate oversight, regulation, guidelines need to be--    Dr. Kahn. That's a good question. I don't know that there have been legislation or, you know, bills proposed and I don't know about international treaties. There certainly have been efforts to craft guidelines but they're nonbinding by entities like the World Health Organization or the World Medical Association, which has crafted actually fairly well-known guidelines on human subjects research which is called Declaration of Helsinki, which tends to be followed but in a voluntary way and then built into regulation at the national level. But I don't think that there has been any successful international regulation.    Dr. Kahn. Yeah, I'm not aware, although not a historian of science. That's a really interesting question that I--maybe I'll do some looking and see if I can get back to you.    Dr. Kahn. Sure.    Dr. Kahn. That's the right kind of question to be asking. And this sort of issue came up when there was a supposed cloning of a human being. You may remember back in--when that--whenever that was, the late '90s, early 2000s--    Dr. Kahn. Yeah, which turned out to be a hoax. But one of the claims was it was being done in international waters and out of the reach of any of the national regulations or governance structure, which, you know, in a way was a helpful aha moment, right? You need to think about what to do when all you need is a well-fitted ship that has the laboratory on board and you're outside of the--any restrictions that an international treaty or national government might employ.