    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Scott. There is no objection.    Mr. Scott. It just came so naturally, I did not notice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Sargrad, when you talk about to which entitled, is it not a fact that schools attended by low-income students are chronically underfunded?    Mr. Scott. When we wrote the law, is there any question that we intended a change in the way it would be calculated, that is to say we required new rulemaking to make sure we had a new standard?    Mr. Scott. How did you interpret the effect of that new standard?    Mr. Scott. And how low can you get in terms of underfunding before you get out of compliance, according to the old standard?    Mr. Scott. You mentioned a lot of district to district comparisons, what about within the district comparisons? Are there districts that have students going to low-income schools receiving significantly less per student than those going across town within the same district?    Mr. Scott. How does the new standard deal with that?    Mr. Scott. And that would mean that they would receive the funds and then the Title I funds would be on top of that, would supplemental to what they should have gotten in the first place?    Mr. Scott. Mr. Canavero, you indicated that the financial standard by itself is too narrow. Is that right? You ought to consider other activities like AP courses, CTE courses, arts, effective teachers, things like that ought to part of the calculation?    Mr. Scott. Does that mean total dollars spent, should you not at least have the money equal before you get into the other activities? If you ought to consider other things, ought not the money get straight before you go to the other activities?    Mr. Scott. Within the district, are there disparities in terms of funding before you get to the Title I funds?    Mr. Scott. Within school districts. Are there school districts that before you get to the Title I money fund schools attended by low-income students, are they getting more or less generally than those attended by high-income students?    Mr. Scott. All of the Title I schools get equal funding before you get to the Title I funding?    Mr. Scott. Does the teacher calculation reflect the fact that traditionally more effective teachers tend to teach at the schools attended by high-income students rather than low-income students, and so the payroll at schools attended by high-income students would be higher than those attended by low-income students?    Mr. Scott. And so the payroll at the low-income school will be significantly lower than that at a high-income school?    Mr. Scott. Generally speaking.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.