    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much.    I want to follow up a little on that. I know Maine is one of the sites with the Aroostook Band of Micmacs that has a new dental clinic, a three-chair clinic, and I was curious about the similar kind of thing, not necessary the electronic records, but have you already been able to measure some progress with dental outcomes, preventative care with children and how we are doing with that?    Ms. Pingree. To follow up quickly, how is the funding generally on expanding dental care and, the impact of sequester and the other budget cuts on that? Is it grossly underfunded, close to being adequate?    Ms. Pingree. Thanks.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, and thanks again for being here with us today and for the work that you do.    One question about facilities' needs. I know the budget has an increase for that, and I understand IHS does facility assistance for hospitals and a whole variety of other things, and I want to ask about sanitation service to homes.    I was pleased to be able to see that because of our service area, the Nassau Indian Health Service area, we have been able to get assistance for 126 homes of the Passamaquoddy Tribe, 193 of the Passamaquoddy at Pleasant Point, Penobscot six, so helping with sewage facilities and cleaning drinking water, that is a very important thing, particularly in our rural tribes. I see the budget has an increase of $36 million, which looks like it is meant to provide sanitation for about 7,700 homes, but under your estimate, I think the need is 34,000. Can you give us a sense of how far you are going to be able to go with that and any other important parts of the program to make sure it is available everywhere it is needed?    Ms. Pingree. Thank you. You are right. It is unconscionable in this particular era that people have to live in those kinds of situations. Thanks very much.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. Thank you, Secretary Jewell. It is a pleasure to have you here before us, and I appreciate the hard work you are doing for us in so many areas. And I am glad to see some of the questions I care about and some of the issues that I wanted to talk about climate change have already been brought up. I know you are working very hard on the centennial of the national parks, and we are excited about that in Maine.    I wanted to do something that probably is not always the right thing to do, but I wanted to say something in favor of the Endangered Species Act. I come from a State where we have had our challenges with it, and every once in a while I am posed with a species that I do not think should be listed or I think there are serious questions that should be asked.    But I have learned over the years that there are times when it is a really important tool that we have as an indicator species, some plant or animal that lets us know that something is going dramatically wrong. And I wanted to use as my favorite example of what has happened in my State and so many others with the bald eagle.    When I came to Maine as a teenager, it was almost never that you saw a bald eagle. There were 30 nesting pairs in Maine in 1967, and as you know, that was one of the first species ever to be listed. They were always in a remote part of the State. We are pretty clear that the problem had been DDT, which was kind of a miracle chemical for all kinds of other pest problems, but it turned out to be a real damaging thing for the bald eagle.    It has worked. It has made a comeback. In 2007, we were very excited that the bald eagle was actually removed from the list, so it took a long time. But now there are 650 pairs of bald eagles in Maine, and we see them like we do robins. They are outside my house and other people's houses all the time, and it just a majestic species, and it has also taught us a lot about the particular pesticide.    I did bring a prop. This was a bald eagle that was sitting on the ice outside my office just last week in Portland Harbor, right in Maine. So I do think there are times when it is critically important, and, of course, I have a species I am concerned about, and, again, I am not sure it will qualify for listing. It has already been accepted by the Fish and Wildlife Service, but the monarch butterfly has diminished in population dramatically. And it is one of those species that I think most of us learned about them as a kid. We watched them go from a cocoon to a butterfly, and we thought it is such a commonplace thing. It would never be gone.    But as you know and so many people know, it is practically diminished and practically gone and could be gone soon, and, again, it could be an indicator species. I have heard people call it the canary in a cornfield because probably it is diminishing now because of the lack of milkweed around the country. Much of that is because of the effect of roundup and GMO ready crops and roundup ready crops that are able to resist roundup. So the excessive use of roundup has probably wiped out the milkweed, and we may see the end of the monarch butterfly.    And for a lot of people, they will say, well, ``that is a silly thing, who cares.'' But the fact is I do think it is an indicator. I think it is telling us a lot of things that we needed to know about, just as the bald eagle taught us about DDT and other chemicals that were not safe for us in many other ways.    So I will use that as my first question if you want to talk anymore about it. I truly understand the challenges that people often have, and the difficulties, and the time it takes for a listing, and sometimes the concerns that the chair raised that there are interest groups who decide it is a way to expand their support base. But the fact is it is still a critical tool, and if we care about our environment as well as our economy, it is something that we have to have.    Ms. Pingree. Great. Well, I appreciate that. I apologize to my colleagues who have to look at the other side of this. But just think if we had lost the bald eagle and it did not come back. Remember Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey to be the American bird, and that would have been embarrassing.    Ms. Pingree. Absolutely.    Ms. Pingree. I yield back.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you very much for being here today and for the tough challenges you take on. None of the work that you do is easy and I appreciate all the answers you have had for questions today and many other things we have worked with you on.    I just want to bring up a couple of things and I was glad my colleague from the other coast talked about the National Estuary Program. And I just want to say that has been very beneficial to us on the Maine coast. The Casco Bay program is funded through the NEP and they have at least two initiatives going on right now and it is critically important as we are in this very difficult time for a lot of ocean waters and certainly off the Northeast. We are worried about estuaries in relation to that.    They are doing a study on the green crabs which is an invasive species and has seriously had an impact on our mussel population. And just recently, I heard that many of the natural mussels are not there and not harvestable and I would hate to think that Maine would have to lose yet another species.    I also saw a recent extreme sea level rise. We are already up five inches and I think people, whether we agree with everything about climate change or not or, however we perceive this, five inches of coastline is a very serious business to a coastal state and will continue to have huge impact for us.    The one thing I wanted to ask you to talk a little bit about, and again, just thanking you for your commitment to climate change and the President's budget focusing on this and making sure that we are better prepared or working on these issues. Like I said, we don't always all see this from the same way but I go back to my home district and see a stark change in the people who have to deal with the natural resources.    The farmers who deal with more extreme weather, and certainly, out west with the drought, foresters who have issues with fire and a whole variety of species that weren't there before invasive pest species and then, certainly our fishermen. Representing a fishing state, I have never seen fishermen so worried about the species they never saw before coming up in their lobster traps, worries about diseases coming to the lobsters that used to be much further south along the coast, losing species like shrimp to northern waters.    So these things are very real to us and are very worrisome. Just recently, I learned a little bit more about the existence of blue carbon and the role that salt marshes, sea glass meadows and wetlands have in absorbing, processing and storing that. I would like to hear you talk a little bit more about what you are doing with coastal communities around blue carbon and what kind of research that you are doing to discover more about it.    We have so many salt marshes and estuaries in our state and they play such a critical role. I am interested in your take on the science and some more information about it.    Ms. Pingree. I recognize the accent.    Ms. Pingree. Well, I will just say again, thank you. I think that is one of the big challenges of dealing with the science around climate change and certainly from an environmental perspective is that we are all familiar with the idea of something polluting our air coming out of a smokestack or an automobile or polluting our water coming out of a leaking oil tank or something else. But this is such a different, complicated issue and you talk to people about ocean acidification and their eyes glaze over and they think, ``that is a vast ocean, what should I care about it?    In the oyster fisheries, shellfish not being able to make a shell and all kinds of impacts that we haven't even seen yet are going to be huge for our economy, our jobs, our coastal communities. So there is a lot of work to do.    Ms. Pingree. Yeah. That is just very difficult. Well, thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. Thank you for being here today and for your answers to the previous questions.    I appreciate we have had a lot of focus on Indian education, so I cannot help but ask a question about the Beatrice Rafferty School. I think you all know a lot of the background, and we are extremely excited for the Passamaquoddy Tribe that this money is funded and very grateful to the Committee for the hard work that they have done and the ranking member for coming up to visit and I think the Secretary was up there once. They have got a lot of really great attention, which they deserve, and hopefully as people have been talking about, there is going to be some real opportunities to clean up the rest of that list.    I am going to try to ask this question as articulately as I can but I will admit, I am slightly confused myself, but here you are, so it is a good chance to ask the question. So the disappointing thing is that since the announcement was made in December, they have not been able to move forward with construction because they have not gotten a sign-off from either the BIA or the BIE, but I know you are going to answer that question to me, who actually gets to manage construction. But that said, from our conversations with the tribe, the representative that was supposed to meet with them has failed to appear in at least two meetings, so they have had a hard time just in the communication and contact, and the challenge is over the number of square feet in the school. So we have got an 11-year-old--this goes back 11 years, and the BIA or the BIE has said the current design is 5,000 square feet too large for the financial allocation. So the Tribe wants to negotiate this or at least have a conversation about it. My understanding is that from the federal government the argument that they do not have sufficient funds for that, but their opinion is this 5,000 square feet, which covers some curriculum areas, jobs for the graduates program, some of their mechanical and electrical rooms is critical to the design and it is 11 years later.    I think they are trying to argue that they could do it for that dollar amount so it is just an arbitrary number, in a sense, on behalf of the BIA. I will pick up the pace here. And I am not negotiating for them but I think their other argument is, if in fact you do not think they can do it for that amount of money, they will use other funds. You know, they will do something to access the rest of the funds but then one of the arguments from the BIA is, ``well, you cannot use federal government money to maintain those last 5,000 square feet.'' It is a 50,000-square-foot building so it is only 10 percent. This is not like they have doubled the size or anything else.    And more than anything else, they want to get a decision because now they are stuck. They should be going into the design phase. They should be starting working on this, and they feel like, A, they cannot even get an answer, and B, I think they want the chance to argue their point a little bit, and more than anything else, I want to see them be able to go forward with the construction, given all the backlog we have. At least there is a school that should be constructed, and let us get it constructed.    So who does make construction decisions, and why has it been so hard for them to get an answer or even my office to help out getting an answer?    Ms. Pingree. Oh, thank you.    Ms. Pingree. So thank you, and I am sure they will be very happy to receive the letter and have a more concrete answer, and just to clarify, like I said, I am not negotiating. I do not know everything about the plan so I do not want to get into too much detail here, but did you say that they could do something in addition to that and it would not cause you to turn down their entire plan, if they had some other source of funding for a slightly larger space or there is some other add-on they want to the building as long as it is not trying to come out of the same money?    Ms. Pingree. Got it, but whatever the thinking was that said they would not be allowed to do it because the maintenance costs in the future would be a problem, that is not accurate?    Ms. Pingree. You would not shut down the whole building process. Okay. Well, that is plenty of time. Thank you very much. I appreciate that.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Well, thank you very much for your report, and I am a relatively new member on the Committee so I think everyone here has much more experience in looking at schools and seeing some of these challenges.    But you heard earlier I am from a state that is about to build a new school, and as you kind of mentioned, there are already so many questions about who to contact, who makes the decision, how does that get done. I can understand that there is a lot of general confusion, and I suppose it is not surprising that happens again when it comes to oversight. So I think the more recommendations that are out there about how to streamline the process, how to make it seem more like what happens in other school systems when there is oversight and inspection, and if a school, does not have sufficient expertise in how to make sure they are treated fairly, and if there are situations that schools are not being treated fairly or they are rural or remote, it seems like it is a perfect storm in a way for all kinds of bad conditions. But certainly it seems like there is universal agreement on the Committee, you know, across the board and across the country that there should be more investment in school construction and there should be more creative ways to do it, and it just seems like it would be logical to build into that, this kind of data collection oversight. It is going to make the money be more effectively spent and certainly it has got to be disappointing for a community that finally gets a school and then the roof leaks or is it unsafe or anything else happens. So it seems like this is good timing in that way to dig in and make sure these things are looked at.    I am hoping that you will have a lot of recommendations about how the Department restructures or conducts it. Certainly, it seems logical that there should be more training on how people use the database and they should have more of a vested interest I guess in making sure that data is properly collected.    Ms. Pingree. But I do not know--I mean, feel free to elaborate on that. I do not have a specific question.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you.