    Mr. Black. Chairman Curbelo and Ranking Member Meng, good morning. I am Larry Black, and I appreciate the opportunity to speak to you on behalf of the 6,000 Florida citrus growers. I am current president of Florida Citrus Mutual, and also general manager of Peace River Packing Company, a family citrus business.    Our family settled in the central Florida area and began growing citrus in the 1850s. Our company employs 185 Floridians, and is the largest employer in the small community of Fort Meade.    The citrus industry is a powerful economic engine contributing over $10 billion annually to the Florida's economy, and provides over 62,000 jobs. The Florida citrus industry covers over 515,000 acres, and is the largest agriculture crop produced in the State. The industry is rich in traditions, and truly a way of life for my family and many other multi-generational family farms around the State.    At our industry's peak just 12 years ago, we produced over 240 million boxes of oranges on just under 800,000 acres of groves. Today, the USDA forecasts we will harvest only 96.4 million boxes of oranges; 60 percent less than our peak harvest. Some of the decrease in acreage is due to the development boom and a series of hurricanes of the last decade. The vast majority of production losses are due to huanglongbing, or known as HLB or citrus greening.    HLB is a bacteria that attacks the vascular system of the tree, and is spread by an insect vector known as the Asian Citrus Psyllid. Neither HLB nor the Asian Citrus Psyllid are native to Florida, or even the United States. The psyllid was first detected in Florida in the late 1990s. HLB was first detected in Florida in 2005, and estimates indicate over 90 percent of the trees in Florida are now infected. HLB weakens and eventually kills the trees. The lower productivity of the trees have forced growers to abandon over 130,000 acres of citrus groves. Growers are learning how to extend the productive life of the infected trees, but production costs have more than doubled due to HLB.    Orange juice prices have increased for consumers because supplies are strained and the cost of production has skyrocketed. Higher prices and competition from other beverages has resulted in per capita orange juice consumption being reduced by 50 percent. I am confident that consumption trends will reverse as research delivers solutions that will increase yields of our groves and the per unit cost of production will decline.    Growers knew early that HLB was a monumental threat to our industry, and a massive research effort began. Citrus growers have taxed themselves and have spent over $90 million over the last 9 years to fund research. The Florida State legislature has appropriated more than $20 million for the fight against HLB. The 2014 Farm bill authorized $125 million over 5 years for citrus research funding through a competitive grant process.    On behalf of citrus growers across the country, thank you for recognizing the need for a long-term funding source for the research needed to solve the HLB crisis that threatens the citrus industries in Florida, California, and Texas. Growers are working together to coordinate sprays to control the psyllid that spreads HLB. Antimicrobials and heat therapy appear to be possible near-term solutions to improve the productivity and extend the life of our trees.    Plant breeders are working to develop varieties of citrus and root stocks that are tolerant of HLB. It is apparent a massive replanting of the citrus industry is required in Florida. Economists estimate the Florida industry needs to plant 20 million trees over the next 10 years to reverse the decline and stabilize the Florida industry. Our company has replanted over 350,000 trees over the last 3 years using the latest production technologies available. I am confident we will bring these trees into production, and we will be rewarded for the risk we are taking. The USDA has authorized the Tree Assistance Program, or TAP, to aid growers with replanting efforts. The TAP program is a cost-share program that reimburses growers a portion of the tree cost.    The citrus industry is a core part of America's agricultural heritage. 62,000 Floridians produce a nutritious product that is part of a healthy diet. The industry is comprised of small family farms and associated businesses. The industry also supports many associated businesses ranging from vehicle and farm equipment dealers, banks, insurance companies, et cetera. I am confident our industry will manage through the current crisis and emerge as even a stronger industry.    Again, thank you for your support funding the much-needed research. Please consider incentives for growers to replant and other assistance to grow small businesses as they emerge from the crisis. Thank you.    Mr. Black. Just briefly, I would like to add that we are seeing consolidation in Florida, there remains a role for the small grower. The small grower, like every citrus grower in Florida, is struggling but on a go-forward basis, I believe there is still a role for a small grower that is so important to the fabric and the culture of our citrus industry.    Mr. Black. Chairman, I would also like to speak to the Citrus Health Response Program, or the CHRP funds. The CHRP program is a relatively old program that was developed to deal with another problem, citrus canker, and what is very unique about the CHRP program is it offers flexibility for each industry, Florida, California and Texas, to tailor the program that fits their needs.    As you heard this morning, each of our industries are in a much different state as they battle HLB in their groves, and so the CHRP funding provides that flexibility for each State to fit their needs and be most efficient with those dollars.    And also would like to echo Dr. Rogers' comments that the MAC funding is essential to fund short-term shovel-ready-type projects to get those into the growers' hands as quickly as possible.    Mr. Black. Ranking Member Meng, I believe revenue is the easiest measure, but I do believe it needs to be increased. The $750,000 for the small business is too low.    Mr. Black. Yes. Thank you, Ms. Lawrence. The proposal to change the Tax Code would offer an incentive for growers to plant trees to increase and accelerate the pace they are replanting. Currently growers have to capitalize the cost of the trees and the preproduction cost, all of the labor, spray, water, et cetera, for 4 years, and then at the end of 4 years, they place that asset in service and depreciate that asset for a period of 10 years.    What our industry is proposing is similar to Section 179 depreciation that allows for the immediate expensing of those assets when they are purchased. That is really a timing issue. The grower is allowed to deduct the same expenses as he would under the current model, but rather than over a 14-year period, it would be immediate expensing. So the cost would be the interest costs for the government to delay those tax receipts over the 14-year period as opposed to receiving them right away.    Mr. Black. No. The current legislation is solely for citrus trees across the United States, but, no, we do not propose expanding that initiative. In my opinion, the section 179 depreciation allowance has been very effective to stimulate the economy and increase the capital spend by businesses.    Mr. Black. I would like to add, trade is a very important part of our business, but also recognize that both HLB and the Asian Citrus Psyllid are invasive. They are not native to our State or our country. So as any part of a trade agreement, please consider port inspections, et cetera, to keep our domestic industries across all agriculture safe.    Mr. Black. Chairman Curbelo, our business does not engage H-2A workers. We have been fortunate that we have been able to pull in our local labor pool and have not had to file a petition and secure H-2A workers. However, approximately 80 percent of the Florida crop is harvested by H-2A workers. So it is very important to the Florida industry, and there are definitely changes in the H-2A program that would be welcome for all of agriculture to make that process easier for growers when they need to source workers to harvest their crops and other ag work.    Mr. Black. Thank you, Chairman Curbelo.    Florida is a very diverse State. You fly into Miami and drive just a couple of hours to the small community of Fort Meade, where our business is located, you wouldn't think you were in the same State at all. Florida has a network of small communities. Fort Meade has approximately 5,000 residents. Our company is the largest employer, but we also support from the automobile dealership to the hardware store to the grocery store, where our employees shop, et cetera, et cetera. The domino effect, the multiplier effect of our industry is unbelievable in small communities where the other mainstay of the Florida economy, tourism, is just not present.    Mr. Black. Sure. Mrs. Lawrence, I will start.    Brazil is Florida's largest competitor and the dominant force in the orange juice business.    Mr. Black. We have a tariff in place on imported orange juice that, to a degree, levels the playing field due to the labor cost differential, regulatory cost in our country that is not as prevalent in Brazil.    So you make an excellent point that as trade negotiations ensue, that all industries be considered and that we have fair trade above everything else.    Mr. Black. Thank you.