    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning.    The federal procurement marketplace provides an important customer base for small businesses. For many firms, getting listed on the GSA schedules provide an efficient way to ensure their products and services are considered when agencies are making purchases. Purchases made by these agencies off the schedules account for more than $32 billion, or approximately 10 percent of all federal procurement dollars.    In Fiscal Year 2014, 35 percent, or $11 billion, went to small businesses through these orders. That is a significant infusion into the small business economy, helping entrepreneurs grow their enterprises, retain staff, and even create new jobs.    The GSA schedules have a number of benefits for both vendors and purchasing agencies. Most notably, it creates a simpler system that allows contracting officers direct access to the products and services of numerous firms without the need of issuing multiple solicitations for every requirement.    For small businesses with limited resources, relative inexperience navigating the procurement process, landing on a GSA schedule can be an important first step towards securing the federal government as a customer.    Despite these advantages, there are a number of concerns from the small business perspective with how the GSA schedule system functions and whether small businesses fully benefit from how it operates. For instance, many entrepreneurs have previously presented testimony to this Committee detailing how the adoption of the federal strategic sourcing initiatives have negatively harmed their sales and even caused some layoffs.    As this type of vehicle has expanded to additional industries and products through the government's new category management initiative, there are continued reservations among small business. And likewise, small firms have expressed similar concerns regarding GSA's proposed rules on transactional data. The rule requires that firms that hold schedule contracts while other government-wide acquisition contracts report transactional data through an electronic system. While it appears that much of this data is already available to the GSA, the new rule increases the frequency of reporting and expands what information firms are required to provide. For small businesses, this could mean significant new burdens and perhaps a decline in their GSA schedule participation.    Mr. Chairman, Congress has long recognized that when small businesses provide services or products to the federal government, it results in a win-win. Agencies and taxpayers benefit from quality products that are provided at competitive pricing, while small businesses are afforded a chance to grow.    As GSA continues seeking efficiencies, it is important that maintaining transparency in the procurement process is not achieved at the expense of small business participation. I hope we can all work together to ensure that these two factors are properly balanced.    With that, I thank the witnesses for testifying today, and I yield back.    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. John Horan, partner at the firm of McKenna Long and Aldridge here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Horan works in the firm's Government Contracting, Litigation, and White Collar Criminal Defense Practice Groups. He has spent 25 years working in government contract law and regularly assists clients selling commercial items on both the GSA and the VA schedules. Additionally, Mr. Horan serves on numerous American Bar Association Committees, including serving as the co-chair for the Consumer Products and Service Committee and the vice chair of the Procurement Fraud Committee.    Welcome, Mr. Horan.    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Horan, the initial implementation of this rule is designed as a pilot program with other contracts being included if, in fact, the pilot is successful. Given your conclusions that the anticipated benefit of the rule to the government is poorly defined and unlikely to be realized, how do you think GSA is supposed to figure out if the pilot is successful?    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you.    I have been in the state legislature for 20 years, so we have dealt with these types of issues in regards to purchasing from a certain vendor for the lowest price versus the best value. And I know many of you had mentioned that this morning. Small businesses are known for the added value they can provide agencies with benefits such as customer service. Big corporations or big companies cannot do that.    Mr. Horan, you stated in your testimony that the new rule does not account for such added value. What could this omission mean not only to small vendors but also to the agencies that purchase their goods and services?    Mr. TAKAI. Because they are out of the business or they are just not bidding anymore?    Mr. TAKAI. Okay, thank you.    The quotient for government procurement survey in its survey, small businesses indicate that it would take on average 232 hours to comply with the GSA's proposed rule.    Mr. Stanford, has your business done its own estimate on the hours it will take to comply with the new requirement, and do you find the results of the survey to be more accurate than GSA's own analysis?    Mr. TAKAI. Their, meaning the coalition, not GSA's?    Mr. TAKAI. Okay.    Other than our spin on compliance, can you discuss some other costs that companies like yours will have to face because of this rule?    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do appreciate the extra time. I have three more questions.    We have heard from all of you about the problems associated with this rule.    Ms. Armstrong, in your opinion, is there anything that can be done to reduce the costs associated with this rule to make compliance easier for small business, or should GSA start from scratch?    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you.    Mr. Stanford, some have argued that the GSA will use this new information to make businesses--force them to lower their prices if they feel the vendor is no longer offering a competitive price. However, small business margins, as many of you mentioned, are extremely low and they, at times, cannot afford bulk discounts like the big companies. Is it clear to you what would happen if the GSA wanted to lower a price but a small business was unable to do so?    Mr. TAKAI. Okay. Thank you.    And my last question, and I think many of you mentioned this, has to do with the inability of GSA to really figure this thing out themselves due to their antiquated computer system. So I just wanted to dig a little deeper, and maybe, Mr. Horan, you can spend some time talking about that comment you made in your testimony about it would be just easier for them to upgrade their system so that they can track and monitor the information that they are requesting on their side, rather than leave it to the burden of the small businesses.    Mr. TAKAI. Anybody have any more comments regarding this particular question?    Mr. TAKAI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.