    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And you know, I had almost identical questions, so along that vein, and then I will add an extra in.    It would seem to me in a 40- to 50-year overmatch capacity, you know, we are going to continue to have diminishing budgets, China will continue to have increasing budgets. That will create a delta that will be double between now and 2030 probably of $2 trillion.    Given that, we have got some great potential with the railgun technologies. So when you talk expenses, are you saying is that based upon the power generation piece of this? Is it based upon the ordnance piece of it? Where would that be?    Mr. Russell. But don't you think it would even go beyond that when you look at terms of versatility? You can use it for air defense. You can use it for direct fire. You can use it for long distance. You can use it for land-based interservice use.    It would seem that if it had the appropriate level of, look, as you say, to look at life cycle, that there would be great utility, great overmatch and, in the long run, maybe even a cost saving.    Mr. Russell. Yes, which is our number-one threat towards our carrier fleet--newsflash.    Mr. Russell. And I will waive the UAV laser question because that got answered.    But in terms of capability and capacity, we hear at all of these briefings about, you know, the 11th carrier and the turnaround, and now we are seeing allies, fortunately, like Great Britain to launch a couple, and France maybe they are going to get a different look at adding carrier number two, we don't know.    But regardless, with the amphibious assault ships and the last iteration of the Wasp class and then the America class that is rolling out, under terms of sea control and forward staging, you know, particularly in the Pacific, there is a lot of versatility there. These are Midway-size carriers. You know, in appearance they certainly provide an awful lot of capacity.    What thinking is the Navy doing with regard to that, if we have forward staged-based stuff and now we can have sea control with the amphibious assault ships? Is that even part of the equation when looking at carrier structure and presence?    Mr. Russell. No, that is the versatility.    Mr. Russell. And a gap filler which we hear all the time we need.    Mr. Russell. Okay, yes, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.