    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Members Water, and Vice Chair Pittenger for holding today's hearing. I also want to thank our witnesses for helping this task force with its important work. This hearing will give us a much-needed opportunity to examine the trade-based money laundering nexus to terrorism financing.    Trade-based money laundering involves using trade and products or commodities for value in order to divert and obscure the true nature of illicit wealth. Currently, there is ample opportunity for terrorist groups to exploit the international trade system, with low risk of being caught. According to the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), key characteristics of the international trade system, including the enormous volume of trade flows and the complexity therein, can arise from the practice of co-mingling illicit funds with the cash flows of legitimate businesses, and the limited recourse to verification procedures or programs to exchange customs data between countries, have made it both attractive and vulnerable to illicit exploitation.    A few years ago my colleagues at FinCEN briefed me on an elaborate trade-based money laundering scheme that was linked to the terrorist organization Hezbollah. Under the scheme, the Lebanese-Canadian Bank and multiple foreign-exchange houses facilitated the laundering of South American drug proceeds through the Lebanese financial system and through trade-based money laundering schemes involving cars and consumer goods. Cars would be purchased in the United States and shipped to Senegal and other areas of West Africa. The proceeds from the car sales would be funneled back to Lebanon through bulk cash deposits among conspiring exchange houses.    Now as the Chair has noted, we are back at it again with the Lebanese-Canadian bank, and the same stream of illicit funding has been encountered again. I note that our witnesses, Lou Bock and John Cassara, suggested that a network of global trade transparency units (TTUs) would help us bring the opaque system used by Hezbollah and many others into the light of day, and I am inclined to agree.    The United States is already at the forefront of trade transparency. In 2004, the United States created the first transparency unit within the Department of Homeland Security to analyze data in order to identify global trade-based money laundering trends. A further expansion of TTUs would allow the United States to trade paperwork and set international standards for trade.    And as Lou Bock and John Cassara propose, we need a system of TTUs that is analogous to the Egmont Group's financial intelligence units. I am happy to see that Dr. Nikos Passas of Northeastern is with us today, and he recommends highly that we need to collect this data in one place so it can be easily analyzed.    So in closing, I just appreciate the work of the Chair and the Vice Chair, and the work of our witnesses as well. This is important work that needs to be addressed.    I would like to yield 1 minute to the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Maxine Waters.    Ms. Waters. First, I would like to say that I am pleased that our committee voted to extend the mandate of our Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing for an additional 6 months, and I commend the good work of the task force, work that they have done during the past year under the leadership of Ranking Member Lynch, Chairman Fitzpatrick, and Vice Chairman Pittenger.    By providing the opportunity to hear from a wide range of experts, we have been better able to understand the threats we currently face, as well as the challenges we must meet in order to overcome the identities, intentions, and resources of fanatics who are plotting violence against innocent people both here and abroad. I very much welcome the topic of today's hearing and I look forward to this examination into the scope and dimension of trade-based money laundering and the threat it poses to our security.    The written testimony of our witnesses makes an overwhelmingly persuasive case that trade-based money laundering is one of the most widespread, pernicious, and least understood forms of money laundering. Although the enormity of the problem may be daunting, I hope as we learn more about the issue, we will be able to hone in and act on some discrete policy responses within our committee's jurisdiction, in particular those that address the role financial institutions play in detecting and disrupting trade-based money laundering schemes.    I look forward to the witnesses' statements, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. At this point, Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield 1 minute to Ms. Sinema of Arizona.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you for that courtesy, Mr. Chairman. Dr. Nikos Passas is a professor of criminology and criminal justice at Northeastern University, one of our fine institutions in Boston. And he is co-director of the Institute of Security and Public Policy. He has served as corruption program director at the Ethics and Compliance Officer Association, and as an adjunct law professor at Case Western Reserve University.    His law degree is from the University of Athens, his master's degree is from the University of Paris, and his Ph.D. is from the University of Edinburgh Faculty of Law. He specializes in the study of corruption, illicit financial trade flows, sanctions, informal fund transfers, remittances, terrorism, white collar crime, financial regulation, organized crime, and international crimes.    He has published more than 200 articles, books, chapters, and reports in 13 languages. His next book is entitled, ``Trade-Based Financial Crime and Illicit Flows,'' and another is entitled, ``Corruption and Crisis in Greece.'' So welcome, Dr. Passas.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Several of the witnesses today have mentioned the fact that we have deployed a lot of anti-terrorist financing assets. We have them in ICE, we have them at the Treasury in FinCEN, but they are somewhat scattered. And I know Mr. Bock and Dr. Passas, you both mentioned that more properly the resources should be deployed at FinCEN because it is a revenue agency, part of Treasury. They are doing a great job on the FIUs.    Members of this task force and committee were involved very early on when we were standing up FIUs in Afghanistan and Jordan and Morocco, so is it the general feeling of the panel that that should take place? Mr. Cassara?    Mr. Lynch. Yes. I don't have a lot of time. I am just trying to get an assessment of whether you think that is a good idea or a bad idea?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Mr. Bock?    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Mr. Mesko, do you have an opinion on this?    Mr. Lynch. Okay, fair enough.    Dr. Passas?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. My next question: When we stood up these FIUs, we initially had resistance from some of the banks because we were asking for cash transaction reports, we were asking for suspicious transaction reports (STRs), a lot of paperwork for the banks. And in the early days, we weren't really set up to process all that, so some of it was a waste.    Are we getting pushback? Look, I represent the Port of Boston, and we get a lot of bulk cargo coming in there. We are not Long Beach, we are not Manhattan, and we are not New Jersey, but we have a lot of cargo coming in. Should I expect pushback, should the committee expect pushback from the shipping community in terms of trying to put this overlay of analysis on everything that they are doing? Have we experienced that?    We have some of these set up. Have we experienced pushback from our shipping consortiums here and overseas?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Certainly, it would shield them from some liability if they were cooperating with us.    Mr. Lynch. I see, yes.    Dr. Passas?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. My time has just about expired.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Passas, in your testimony--or I might have read it in one of your previous articles--you took the position that the work we are doing with hawalas is perhaps overdone, that the amount of attention that hawalas have received is probably too much. Is that because you feel that we have bigger fish to fry with trade-based money laundering, or do you feel that hawalas are so small or the risk is so small that we shouldn't be focusing on them as much?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. The problem for us is--you are right and we were very early on. When we were setting up FIUs, we saw that there was a gap on hawalas. So we asked the host governments to begin to register hawalas and hawaladars. So that much--at least we have them on the grid in many cases. And many of them keep meticulous records of each and every transaction because the success of any hawaladar is really on their reputation.    And so, there is a huge risk of reputational damage if they are seen as facilitating funds for a terrorist organization and they are--it is over for them. But still, the informal nature of that value transfer system, in my mind, means we need to do more with them and not less.    Mr. Lynch. One last quick question, we are having a very, very difficult time in Somalia. All of the traditional banks and money processes are out of there now, so the only opportunity I think we have in the short term is really to deal with the hawalas in that area. Is that something that you think is possible or should we try to stay away from that?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. We are having problems--even Somali families in the United States are having difficulty getting remittances back to that country because there is no institution that we can go through right now. But I thank you and I will take any recommendations you have off-line. Thank you.