    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Yellen, there has been considerable commentary today about the current economic status and climate in the country. We heard from the ranking member about the plight of the minorities and low-income people and how they were suffering and the rich were getting richer. Mr. Sherman's statement was that it is really nasty out there, not a pretty sight.    We are in the highest regulatory environment that we have ever been in in modern history, a very high tax burden. And we have very strong Fed policies, very accommodating, frankly, to our current debt and the interest on the debt and the spending levels that are being sustained right now. Unemployment, as you stated, was 5.7 percent. That really doesn't include those who have given up and includes part-time workers. Many analysts believe that is truly about 11 percent unemployment. So it isn't a pretty sight by any real measure, and yet the Fed has played a part in that.    Do you look back on that and feel that these policies have had outcomes that have been adverse to what was intended, have not reached your desired objectives, that perhaps the strong hand of the Fed and this high regulatory environment has not reached the intended desires that you would like to have seen?    Mr. Pittenger. Yes.    Mr. Pittenger. But the outcomes--you would say the desired objective, we haven't reached that with these, with the current policies?    Mr. Pittenger. On the other hand, you could say--    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you. I would say to you that many could say the opposite, that it is the extended hand of the Federal Government that has tried to centralize and control the policies without rulemaking, without an open economic environment.    I would like to ask you, Dodd-Frank created the Office of Women and Minority Inclusion. Are you familiar with that?    Mr. Pittenger. In it, it was defined to provide a cost-benefit analysis on the impact of women and minorities. Has there been such a cost-benefit analysis?    Mr. Pittenger. On the regulations that have come out of Dodd-Frank and the impact on women and minorities.    Mr. Pittenger. To my knowledge, there hasn't been one to date, and I think that is--if that was the intended objective, I think it should be reached.    One thing that was brought up, Madam Chair, was that the Fed has some of the brightest minds, economic minds, in the country, and I think I would like to just beg the question why there hasn't been an effort to--by the use of these individuals, considering the very radical regulatory environment that we are in and the transition that has taken place, the impact of this on the economy and what you believe that the variables have created in terms of our economic growth and job creation--do you believe that there has been an adequate analysis of the impact of these regulations?