    Chairman Hensarling. The Financial Services Committee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Stable?''    Before proceeding, I wish to yield to the gentleman from Indiana for a very special introduction. The gentleman is recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. Welcome, Hudson. Take very careful notes. We are not always sure your father does.    Chairman Hensarling. He will have to pay for it. I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    Five years ago this month, Dodd-Frank was signed into law. Undoubtedly, it is the most sweeping and dramatic rewrite of banking and capital markets laws since the New Deal. Weighing in at 2,300 pages, with 400 new rules, it is clearly, clearly dramatic.    Whether fan or detractor, this committee would be negligent if we weren't vigilant in our oversight of both the impact and the implementation of Dodd-Frank. Negligent we will not be.    So today marks the first of three hearings to be held on the Dodd-Frank bill, posing three different questions. Five years after Dodd-Frank, are we more prosperous? Five years after Dodd-Frank, are we more free? And the focus of today's hearing, five years after Dodd-Frank, are we more stable?    I frankly believe it remains an open question as to whether we have achieved greater stability. I fear the answer is ``no,'' but were the answer to be ``yes,'' when you look at the damage Dodd-Frank has done to our economic growth, to family finances and to consumer freedom, I am rather doubtful it would be worth the cost.    Clearly, balance sheets have improved post-Dodd-Frank and banks have delevered. This is a necessary and good thing, and I strongly suspect that market forces would have brought about these actions regardless of Dodd-Frank.    Regulators already possess the powers to have set more prudent capital and leverage standards. Still, Dodd-Frank very well may have been helpful in this regard.    What is undebatable is the fact that since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the big banks are now bigger, and the small banks are now fewer. In other words, even more banking assets are now concentrated in the so-called too-big-to-fail firms. Pray tell, how does this improve financial stability?    Dodd-Frank has codified too-big-to-fail into law and provided a taxpayer-funded bailout system in Title I and Title II of the Act. This simply leads to even greater moral hazard and to greater instability.    According to the Richmond Federal Reserve, the explicit Federal guarantees of financial sector liabilities have increased to a whopping 60 percent post-Dodd-Frank. When private investors and depositors and counterparties expect a bailout, their incentives to monitor risk clearly wane.    Regulatory micromanagement is no substitute for market discipline. By this measure, Dodd-Frank has clearly made our financial system riskier.    Part of the extension of the Federal backstop has been the creation of a whole new class of too-big-to-fail institutions, namely centralized clearinghouses for derivatives. Here, Dodd-Frank didn't lessen risk. It just centralized it and placed it on a taxpayer balance sheet.    Next, Dodd-Frank's Volcker Rule, along with the Basel accords, have caused a massive drop in corporate bonds inventories. Many economists now believe the next financial crisis could very well result from the illiquidity and volatility in our bond market.    Senator Dodd of Dodd-Frank said, ``No one will know until this is actually in place how it works.'' Five years later, we have a clue, and we are learning that our financial system may very well be less stable under Dodd-Frank.    I now yield 5 minutes to the ranking member for an opening statement.    Ms. Waters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today's hearing is the first of two scheduled in recognition of the fifth anniversary of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act.    It is important to remember that the 2008 financial crisis was not a natural disaster. Instead, it was the result of deliberate choices, choices on the part of some on Wall Street who put their own short-term interests ahead of the long-term economic health of our Nation's investors and consumers.    As a result of choices on the part of some of our regulators, we failed to respond as vulnerabilities and illegalities in our financial system emerged. These choices had tremendously damaging consequences. Our Nation became plagued by small business closures, large drops in the stock market, stunning job losses, rising foreclosures, and fears of a looming repeat of the Great Depression.    In the 6 months before President Obama took office, our economy hemorrhaged nearly 4 million private sector jobs, an average of 650,000 per month. Nearly $16 trillion in household wealth simply disappeared. The retirement accounts of many hardworking Americans were swept away.    Around 9 million individuals were displaced from their homes, many of whom may never again have the opportunity for home ownership.    Once the economy was stabilized, Democrats worked diligently on legislation to restore responsibility and accountability to our financial system and instill confidence that we have the tools in place to protect Americans from another crisis.    Since Dodd-Frank was enacted 5 years ago, the American economy has added nearly 13 million private-sector jobs and unemployment has fallen by 4.7 percent points, its lowest level since September 2008. The housing market is recovering, with home prices rising, negative equity falling, and measures of mortgage distress improving.    Retirees' investments are recovering as well. The S&P 500 has risen more than 250 percent since February 2009, and the average 401(k) balance has reached a record high in 2014.    But even as we celebrate our success at avoiding a second Great Depression, it is important to recognize that the events of 2008 have cast a long shadow over our Nation's growth and prosperity, one which has not been shared equally by all.    Research from Cornell University found that the foreclosure crisis has resulted in an increasing level of resegregation in many urban areas. Several institutions confirm the foreclosure crisis likely had substantial negative impacts on child well-being, with multiple moves and marital discord leading to anxiety, depression, and poor performance in school.    The crisis also exacerbated what was already an unacceptably large wealth gap between white and minority households. The Pew Research Center found that the current wealth gap between African-Americans and whites has reached its highest point since 1989. The current white-to-Hispanic wealth ratio has reached a level not seen since 2001.    We must go further to address these lingering challenges. But make no mistake, we made progress. Most notably, in Dodd-Frank we created a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that in just a few years has already returned $5.3 billion to 15 million consumers who have been subjected to unfair and deceptive practices.    We have worked with the Bureau to create rules of the road to make sure predatory mortgages never again strip wealth from American families and endanger our economy.    And we worked with regulators to institute rules to protect retirees and other investors from the practices that wreaked havoc on savings in 2008.    But Mr. Chairman, too much time has been wasted in Congress by the majority bent on austerity policies that leave workers, retirees, and minority communities behind, while ignoring the substantial progress we have made toward deficit reduction.    Too much energy has been spent trying to re-litigate the causes of the 2008 crisis, which at this point everyone should recognize is settled.    Finally, far too much effort has been spent by the Republicans to weaken our regulatory apparatus, whether through underfunding our regulators, relentlessly pursuing or pressuring them to go soft on rules, or injecting unrelated Wall Street giveaways into must-pass government funding bills.    I am tired of the Republicans' death-by-1,000-cuts strategy to roll back the significant gains we have made since Dodd-Frank enactment. Five years later, I urge my colleagues to take stock of where we were and how far we have come.    And I suggest they recognize that much like the recent Supreme Court decisions to uphold the Affordable Care Act, and the disparate impact standard to prevent discrimination in housing, Dodd-Frank is settled law.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Notwithstanding the fact the gentleman was on a roll, the time of the gentleman has expired.    Today, we welcome the testimony of our distinguished panel. I will introduce them at this time.    First, Mr. Paul Atkins is the CEO of Patomak Global Partners. He is a former Commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, appointed by President George W. Bush. I also note that he is a fellow member of the TARP Oversight Panel.    Before his appointment to the Securities and Exchange Commission, he served on the staff of two SEC Chairmen, and worked as an attorney in private practice. He is a graduate of the Vanderbilt University School of Law, and Wofford College.    Dr. Mark Calabria is the director of financial regulation studies at the CATO Institute. Before serving at CATO, he served on the staff of the Senate Banking Committee, and as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Regulatory Affairs at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. He owns a doctorate in economics from George Mason University.    Mr. Damon Silvers is director of policy and special counsel at the AFL-CIO where he has advised on a range of financial services matters before the Treasury Department, the SEOC, and the PCAOB. I also note he served as the Deputy Chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel, another fellow alum. I think we are maybe two shy of a full reunion. At this time, we might leave it that way.    Professor Todd Zywicki is a foundation professor of law and an executive director of the Law and Economics Center at George Mason University. He was previously an attorney in private practice, and a law clerk for Judge Jerry Smith, U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit. He is a graduate of the University of Virginia Law School, Clemson University, and Dartmouth College.    Each one of you gentlemen, I know, has testified before our committee. So I trust you do not need a remedial tutorial on our lighting system of red, yellow, and green.    Each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, each of your written statements will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Atkins, you are now recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    Dr. Calabria, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    Mr. Silvers, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    Professor Zywicki, you are now recognized for your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    The Chair now yields himself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Atkins, in your testimony, on page 8, you posit one undisputed effect of the Volcker Rule has been a reduction in corporate bond inventories of primary dealers. Next time you posit that, I might suggest that you offer the caveat, ``unless you are an economist employed by the Federal Reserve or the Financial Stability Oversight Council.'' They seem to be the only ones in the world who can't connect the Volcker Rule with this undisputed reduction.    Even the Financial Stability Board, as you point out in your testimony--Governor Mark Carney of the Bank of England warned that the Volcker Rule ``could reduce global financial resilience rather than increase it.''    So you cited in your testimony, I believe it was a 77 percent drop in primary dealer inventories of corporate bonds since the crisis. Can you expound on your views of how this could create greater instability in our markets?    Chairman Hensarling. On page 4 of your testimony, you speak of the potential for asset fund managers to be designated as systemically important financial institutions under the Dodd-Frank regime, and you question what this could do to risk management or liquidity in the market.    If that takes place and fund managers are found to be SIFIs, or in deference to you, SCIFIs--    Chairman Hensarling. --give me your views about how this impacts market stability?    Chairman Hensarling. Dr. Calabria, you mentioned this in your testimony, and Professor Zywicki spoke about our housing markets.    On page 15 of your testimony, you mentioned that Dodd-Frank could very well result in an increase in the level of mortgage defaults during the next housing bust. So, we have just have come off a rather painful housing bust.    Could you expound on your views of how Dodd-Frank might just bring us full circle?    Chairman Hensarling. In attempting to set precedent, I will not go over my time.    The Chair now yields 5 minutes to the ranking member.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, the chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, the ranking member of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. McHenry, vice chairman of the committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, the chairman of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, the ranking member of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, ranking member of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of both nice gentlemen has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Wisconsin, Ms. Moore, ranking member of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The committee will come to order.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Himes, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Messer.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams.    Chairman Hensarling. Wait, I'm sorry, would the gentleman suspend and hold the clock? Apparently, we have one vote on the Floor, and might I suggest that the gentleman from South Carolina--have you voted on this?    Chairman Hensarling. Perhaps we can avoid a recess if the gentleman from South Carolina and the gentleman from Maine would quickly go vote and return back to the committee room. Perhaps we can avoid a recess here.    I thank the gentleman for yielding, and we yield back to the gentleman from Texas.    Chairman Hensarling. Sorry, the gentleman yields back, since we are trying to kill a little time here before the other gentlemen return from the House Floor. At this time, we yield to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, whom I trust will take his full 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair wishes to inform Members that the Chair did not know there were two votes on the Floor as opposed to one. I am going to yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta for 5 minutes, at which point he will recess the hearing until after the completion of the second vote.    Again, we appreciate the indulgence and patience of the panel. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Hampshire.    Chairman Hensarling. The hearing will come to order.    I recognize the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. Currently, there are no other Members remaining in the queue, thus, I would like to thank our witnesses for your testimony today. And again, I thank you for your patience with the schedule of Floor votes today.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    This hearing stands adjourned.