    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, I would like to talk about a couple other things. Let's talk about readiness of the forces.    This has been a generation that could have gone into their military career in 1990 and now be retired, and have been--or have seen battle for the last 24 years. So here in Congress we worry about things like sequestration, we worry about readiness of force, and worry about one-to-one ratios of young men and women being over there for a year and being back here for a year, or 6 months and a year, or something of that nature.    Can you give us an idea of the readiness of force today as compared to maybe 4 or 5 years ago, or even 10 years ago?    General Campbell. Sir, I can talk better and give you a perspective on the readiness of forces that I get from the services, as they are service providers. A little bit different perspective when I was the vice chief of the Army before I went over there 6 months ago. But all the forces that I get in Afghanistan, particularly from the U.S., are trained at the highest level and are focused on their mission in Afghanistan. So no issue with that.    And I think all the services prioritize their deploying forces first to ensure that they get that necessary training because they will be putting their lives on the line.    On the sequestration, I will just tell you that it was 6 months ago when I was a vice and I continue to talk to senior leadership from all the services that with sequestration that would devastate the services and their ability to provide the same type of forces that I get today.    You know, my son is a sergeant in the Army. He has been to Afghanistan twice. He has served in Ghazni; he has served in Jalalabad. He was in the 82nd Airborne . He is currently in the 101st.    And I worry about, you know, both as a father and then as a commander, the ability to make sure that we continue to provide the very best training, and all the resources and the things that go with that, for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and our civilians that deploy. And sequestration would put--would dampen that--would elevate the risk, absolutely.    Mr. Knight. Thank you. And I think that you have got a lot of committed people here that believe that, too.    Secondly, when we talk about detainees and you say that you turn them over to the security forces or to Afghan--what happens from there? Is there some sort of a prosecution?    Is there some sort of judicial action there? Or are they just detained? Or are they released?    General Campbell. Sir, it is probably all of the above, quite frankly. But with the detainees that we had there was a long process we went through to get assurances from either countries that they were sent to or to Afghanistan, as well, to make sure that the right assurance was put in place that they would be tried, if they had to go through that process that they would be treated humanely.    And so that was carefully taken a look at, at all of the different detainees that were released from U.S. control, coalition control. Again, no longer do we have detention facilities.    Inside of the Afghan system that continues to grow. Up at Parwan outside of Baghram is probably the very best detention facility in all of Afghanistan, continues to be I think the gold standard that they have there.    They are in the process right now, based on direction from President Ghani, to move really the national threat detainees to Parwan and get them out of places that are overcrowded, like down in Kandahar or Pul-e-Charkhi, inside of Kabul, to make sure that they can lessen that, that they have the right security so that they are not freed without going through the proper trials.    And so I think they continue to work that very hard, but Parwan is a gold standard. It has the right prosecution efforts, has the right folks, the judges all kind of contained in one unit there. And we do have a very small train and advise, assist cell that will continue to help build that capability for them.    Mr. Knight. Thank you, General. I yield back, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.