    Mr. Hernandez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am glad to be here. Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify regarding the work we do to support rural families and communities.    As Administrator, I have the privilege of managing programs that turn dreams of homeownership into reality. We provide rental housing that families can afford. And we develop facilities like hospitals, fire stations, and schools that are essential to a thriving rural America. Our housing programs only serve rural families with limited incomes, a segment market that private lenders and landlords rarely reach.    Through mortgage lending and guarantees and rental assistance to private property owners, we help sustain and grow rural economies. To do this effectively, the majority of our staff lives and works in the areas they serve. We are a storefront operation.    Our staff works in America's small rural towns. They focus our programs on the specific economic challenges and opportunities within their arena. This intimate hands-on approach is what makes us unique and effective. We provide the support and direct oversight necessary to serve families with limited resources.    We remain committed to continuous enhancements of our service to the public through predictability, consistency, accuracy, and enhanced communication. These four elements are guiding our process improvements at the Rural Housing Service. During my tenure, we are embracing innovation improvement through automation and streamlining. We are utilizing technologies to create efficiencies that benefit rural families, our lenders, our staff, and ultimately, the taxpayers.    In April, we modernized the Guarantee Single Family Loan Program by implementing a paperless operation. Field offices are now able to transact business with approved lenders electronically. This has resulted in significant savings of paper, postage, and most importantly, time.    We estimate that more than $4 million nationwide will be saved in just 1 year through paperless processing. Similarly, we have begun rolling out new assessment and underwriting tools in our multi-family program. These will improve our transfer process from a willing seller to a willing buyer. It will be more transparent and attract more nonprofits to partner with us. This will extend the value of the Federal investment to over 400,000 rural rental properties.    Our goal for 2016 is providing more than 170,000 rural residents the assistance needed to become homeowners through 25 billion direct loans and guarantees. Multi-family housing programs request just over $1 billion, with the fund--the renewals of nearly 250,000 rental assistance agreements and support over 5,000 new units.    Funding alone cannot ensure long-term viability to address programmatic challenges. In the multi-family housing program, we propose administrative tools that provide management flexibility to better administer the program.    In the Single Family Housing Guarantee Program, we propose a user fee to support technology and maintenance costs associated with the automation. We also request delegated loan approval authority for selected high-performing lenders.    Although rural America lags in terms of recover from the recession, the delinquency in foreclosure rates in our housing portfolio remains very low. This is a testament to our prudent underwriting and strong loan servicing and our careful oversight.    As of March, the foreclosure rate of the guaranteed loan program was 1.5 percent, the lowest it has been in nearly 5 years. Even in the direct loan portfolio, more than 9 out of 10 families served succeeded in homeownership. Our success is due in part to the strength of our hardworking people in rural America.    I believe, and I am sure that many of you do too, that rural Americans deserve an opportunity to own or rent a decent, safe, and affordable house. Since the passage of the Housing Act of 1949, 3.8 million rural Americans have received housing loans and accumulated assets through equity in their homes.    Our single family housing program fills a gap in the private market. We are one of the most critical resources available to help smaller, poorer, and more rural communities gain access to mortgage credit. There is a strong and consistent demand for our programs. We change people's lives every day.    Congress has had the foresight to strategically place comprehensive programs for rural America in one agency, USDA. We take seriously the charge to help address any challenges faced by rural residents in need of safe and affordable housing.    Thank you for the opportunity to serve in this agency that uses our programs to support our affordable housing in rural America. I am happy to answer your questions at this time.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hernandez. Great question, Mr. Chairman.    What is nice about USDA and Rural Development is that our focus is just on rural folks. We only deal with people in rural America. And as you know, in rural America the salaries and the wages are much less. We have programs that are designed just for folks in rural America if they can qualify.    Mr. Hernandez. I have an answer for you, sir. Let me get there.    Mr. Hernandez. Okay. What we are trying to do is make sure we have a product that provides the right type of product for our folks. Our folks' incomes are about $29,000 for the direct program, and about $50,000 for the guarantee. At the same time, these individuals or families cannot afford a downpayment, and FHA requires a 3.5 percent downpayment. They also have an up-front MIP cost, which makes it unaffordable for a lot of the customers in rural America.    And that is why Congress created us. They are trying to say, do you have a product that really meets the needs of rural America? Ours does. Ours is zero percent down, with no closing costs.    We actually have our lenders in the guarantee program certify that borrowers cannot get conventional lending. Some of our folks qualify for FHA, and we tell them they should go to FHA. But if you don't have a downpayment or can't afford a mortgage insurance premium (MIP) as high as FHA requires, that is why Congress created us, to have a product that meets their needs.    So we both provide loans, but we have different customers. Our customers are those who cannot afford a downpayment or an     Mr. Hernandez. We have for historic losses 2.2 percent--    Mr. Hernandez. --Mr. Chairman. What I am trying to say is that not only do we offer a product that meets the needs, it also doesn't cost the government or the taxpayers anything.    Mr. Hernandez. Great. Thank you very much. It is a great question. In order for us to be successful, we have to have key partners and stakeholders. We work a lot with nonprofits. We require homebuyer education as part of it. That is why we use metrics to measure the success of the program. It is not just making a loan that is effective. It is how do you keep people in the home.    And the way we do is we work with packagers or nonprofits to do homebuyer education. That is a growing need. In order to have successful programs, you have to have the right partners.    When Congress reduced our budget level, we lost about 20 percent of our staff. Which means the staff we had to go out and find customers were lost. Also, the staff who actually do the loans directly were lost.    So the good apart from that was that we had an opportunity to look at how we do business better. And so that is where we spent so much time doing what we call ``business process improvement''--trying to find better ways to do that.    One of the things that came out is, how do we work with partners? And how do we work with nonprofits, so they can help us find additional customers so we can close loans? We call those packagers. We have a new rule coming out right now that will allow us to actually compensate nonprofits so they help us do the work. So we have a two-pronged strategy of trying to find the customers. We do it, they do it. We don't have enough staff. So really, it requires us to have strategic partnerships.    And with that, that is how we get better loan performance. It is kind of nice. Our performance right now with the Single Family Direct is 2 to 3 percent. That is very, very good performance. That is first-year delinquencies, sir. That means we are picking the right folks in the first year and they do not lose their homes, 9 out of 10 people. These folks make $29,000, sometimes a family of 3 or 4 makes $29,000.    And with the partnership that we have, we are actually keeping them in the homes. With the guarantee program, we have the lowest--as of March, we had the lowest delinquency rates of 1.56 percent. It is the lowest in our history, very, very good performance, which contributes to the success of our program. Not only are we managing the program well, it is also not costing us.    We are very fortunate in the guarantee program with our partners as well, it is real truth-in-lenders and nonprofits, they are helping us find ways to get more homeownership. So we are trying to find strategic partnerships, sir. That is what we do.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes, sir. What is nice about the direct program is we have storefront operations. So folks can either come directly to us in each of our offices in the rural areas, or importantly, right now we are working with our partners to create what we call ``electronic submission by nonprofits'' so they can help us submit loan applications.    We still underwrite them, we still make the decision. But with the delinquency in industry standard, anything below 5 percent is very good in performance. We are at 2.3 percent. We are doing very well. And the guarantee, our lenders do it. We try to monitor our lenders. And we have the lowest first-year delinquency of 1.5 percent. It is very, very good, and we are going to try to get more of those lenders.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. Great. Thank you, Congressman. What is really nice about our program is we are in--as stated before, we are for rural folks only. What we are interested in doing is trying to create the products and programs and process that focus on delivering a better service to customers. We participate with the Joint Federal Housing Subcommittee looking for ways to streamline and align to a similar process if there is opportunity. But because we have different missions--HUD is urban, that is why they call them ``Housing and Urban Development.'' We are focused just on rural America.    And as you know, representing a rural district, rural is different than urban. You have to find different ways to provide service to folks because they live so far away. So how do we find an outreach model with partners to provide service?    Mr. Hernandez. What we support right now, sir, is providing better service to our customers. And right now, consolidation--    Mr. Hernandez. No. Not necessarily, sir. Sometimes you look at, how do you do better alignment. Some people have better core expertise. Ours, we probably have the best guarantee product in the country right now, better than anybody else. We have some best practices that maybe some other agencies should come to us.    But what we are trying to do is, how do we make a better program and reach out to customers better, are we doing a great job? And that is why we need your help. We have come forward this year to help address this.    Let me give you an example. One of our biggest barriers, the difference between when we were created and now, is we do everything manually. Mr. Chairman, you had a great example. We are on manual process. Manual process, sir. Now, I have been in the housing industry for over 30 years. You cannot be making copies of checks and sending them out.    We just came to the 21st Century on December 1st. We now have an electronic system for all of our guarantee programs. We save $5 million a year. We save time. We can give a response now in 48 hours. We couldn't do that back in 1930. The rest of the industry was there. We are there now. It actually saves money.    What is great about our program is it does not cost the taxpayer any dollars. It pays for itself. We have a zero subsidy program, sir. What a wonderful program to create opportunities, open doors, have strategic partnership, and it doesn't cost the taxpayer any money--    Mr. Hernandez. I don't know about--    Mr. Hernandez. One of those, sir, is how we do our guarantee program. We never own the property. What we do is we provide through our lenders guaranteed lending; we guarantee 90 percent of the loans, and they provide the loans. If a loan should go bad--    Mr. Hernandez. It would be the guarantee programs, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. The other would be how we work with our packagers, how we provide--    Mr. Hernandez. I don't remember the exact dollars. But we do track it by--    Mr. Hernandez. Depends on--up to $20,000.    Mr. Hernandez. Sometimes, we do safety.    Mr. Hernandez. We were actually trying to repair the roof, do some safety. Bathrooms, safety. Most of the time--    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. We helped move her into a house that she could own long-term. So she actually became a homebuyer, is what we are trying to get to.    Mr. Hernandez. Homebuyer education with our partner. Getting her to find a house that she could afford, helping her with jobs in the area so that she then qualifies for a house, and then getting her in a house. And what is nice about the program, sir, is if she has difficulty making the payments, we work with her to make sure she stays and is successful.    Mr. Hernandez. Perfect, sir. What I had proposed is actually what we call ``delegated underwriting.'' Right now, we review every loan manually, one at a time. That is not where the industry is. What we are trying to do is just give delegated authority to the top-performing lenders. That will streamline the process, the decision much faster.    The second part of that is having a way to generate dollars to improve technology. So we have a proposal that asks for up to a $50 flat fee per loan closed only. That is for automation. Another example would be, we are working with reducing our time for loss mitigation. It used to take us 230 days to assign a loan, sir. We do it in our processing less than 19 days.    So with all the investment in technology, business improvement, retraining of staff, we are providing better service every day.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes, sir. As a matter of fact, as Mr. Scire has indicated, we are making significant progress in a lot of the areas that we have identified. We are both aligning with HUD in the places where it is appropriate. We are also building on our best practices in different places. So we are making progress.    Mr. Hernandez. We looked at that. And the reason--the way we are created, our focus is on rental assistance, sir. We provide a subsidy to a project. We are not like HUD. HUD has something called a Section 8. It costs more to do that. We are looking for a way that is more streamlined and effective. And we believe our rental assistance is the best way to go, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. There are concerns when you look at consolidation. What you are looking for is, what is the best way to meet the customer's need? What we have found is that rental assistance and counseling is very good. About 30 years ago, they had a strategic decision they made. They said, we are going to invest in rental assistance. We have 14,000 properties, 400,000 families, whose incomes are between $10,000 and $12,000; 60 percent of those folks are elderly and disabled and live in rural America. They want to stay there.    So we, with your help, created a policy and a program called Rental Assistance. And that program works very well. The challenge we have is those properties are coming to maturity right now. We have 11,576 properties whose contract with us and through Congress is coming to an end. That means the subsidy, which is 30 percent of their income that they pay for rent, will go away unless Congress decides to help us find a way to address this challenge.    So we have folks who potentially could be homeless. We are looking for the opportunity today to recommit to providing affordable housing and rental housing in rural America. To do that, we have to address our maturing mortgages problem and challenge that we have.    To do that, we use rental assistance. Now, the reason rental assistance is a great tool is because it is not a Section 8 product. It stays with the building. So we reinvest in that building, we modernize that building. We have the private sector providing the services. We are a guarantee. We provide a loan. So the private sector is providing the service. It is a partnership that Congress created here for us to provide service to them. And that is what we do today.    So those owners today, we are working with them to preserve as many of those properties as possible. And to do that, we have to find ways to reduce the cost.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. We have about 1,500.    Mr. Hernandez. RHS: I have 100 in D.C., and I have 500 in St. Louis. That is what I have. Now, we have other staff within rural development, sir. The way it works, rural development is more than just RHS. Rural development includes utilities, broadband, and small business. My RHS, I only have a total of 600 employees for RHS nationwide.    Mr. Hernandez. What is nice about our programs is we do rural development. We do community development that includes more than just housing. As you know, we have, I think, over 11 different offices in Texas. We are a storefront operation, sir. So we are different than any other Federal agency. People can come to us to ask.    And the way we are getting better, sir, is we are automating and streamlining the process. That is what makes our programs more effective and more efficient. So what we are trying to do is find ways to build on the success that we have had in the past.    Mr. Hernandez. Right. And the way we have been changing is doing business process improvement, sir. In most every program we have we are trying to find a way with less staff, how do you do it better? That requires partnership and commitment with Congress and us to provide appropriate dollars for automation. Because we can't be everywhere. But our customers should be able to come to us either through a portal and find a way to find service that way.    So we are looking for your help to do that, both on the single family side and the multi-family side.    Mr. Hernandez. We have been very good at doing more with less. We have lost close to 20 percent of our staff in the last 4 years, sir, and we are producing more with less staff. We can do even more with your help as you help us support a number of our proposals that provide more integrity, more streamlining, and more effectiveness to the program. But that requires an investment and a continued support for affordable housing.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes; 11,576, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. 11,576 properties.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure.    Mr. Hernandez. That is correct.    Mr. Hernandez. Great question. The reason Congress--    Mr. Hernandez. It is a great question, sir. The reason the private sector does not provide it, sir, is we are in a market that the private sector does not serve. It is riskier to lend in rural America. It is riskier for developers to be in rural America. It is hard to get workers in rural America.    And that is where Congress says, we have a good idea. Where it says, we are going to provide a guarantee to reduce the risk, and encourage the private sector. What is nice about our programs is that it is the private sector that is operating the buildings, not the government. It is the private sector.    So in partnership with the private sector, we are providing a service that would not be provided unless we had a partnership. So sir, we are building on your success on how to partner with the private sector. And we are doing it through guarantees, low-interest loans, and incentives to bring the private sector to provide a service that would not be there unless the government and the private sector partnered together.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes, sir. As a matter of fact, we meet monthly, looking for opportunities to align together to save money, and streamline process. An example of that, we are working with the VA right now. Since they have more foreclosures--they have about 1,000 per month. We have only have 1,657 for the whole year. That is all we have. The VA has close to 1,000 every month.    Our core experience is not in doing REO property. That is not what we are good at. We are good at doing loans. And so we are trying to partner with people who have some other core expertise. We are working with VA right now to see if maybe they can be the guys who work with us in our REO and our direct program, rather than us trying to recreate a new wheel.    Mr. Hernandez. I think what we identified--we identify the opportunities, rather than objectives; where can we find opportunities to work together? And they are in a number of areas: REO; appraisal; standard evaluating servicing practices; doing inspections of properties on the multi-family side.    We have identified opportunities. An example of where we have gotten together and learned together is how we do a best practice in using a handheld device to inspect multi-family properties. It came out of working together. Somebody else does it, and we say, how do we build on that? So we are now coming out with our new handheld devices to inspect multi-family properties. Because we don't have enough people anymore. It takes a while to drive in Texas to go find those places.    Mr. Hernandez. There are best practices in every agency. One of the opportunities we have is trying to find a way to address this cost or improper payments. One of our proposals that we have is to ask for what we call the ``new hires database.'' We do not have statutory authority to do that. We have been trying to get statutory authority for years and years. We have come and asked Congress, please give us the authority to improve the integrity of the program. And so far, we haven't been successful in getting that passed.    Mr. Hernandez. Effective government is great and we all want that. But to do that, sometimes we have to partner together. And sometimes, the answer is not obvious. Consolidation doesn't mean it is right. It is one of the options that people look at. The focus is on the customer.    Mr. Hernandez. Sir, we have consolidation that happens in RHS every year. As budgets are reduced, our same staff do this, work for multiple programs. It is really important that you understand that my staff who do RHS also do utilities, also do community facilities, also do small business. We have consolidated to provide services to our customers.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much. I wanted very much to come in and participate in this hearing, because we have been talking about the problems of rural housing for a long time. But I am dumbfounded as I watch what we do in this committee. And I don't understand why particularly those representatives who have rural areas in their district don't understand how they can do more to help their rural communities.    I am not going to talk a lot about consolidation, because I don't think that should even be considered. As we look at the needs of rural housing, I think we should be talking about how do we not complicate their problems by consolidating in HUD with anything else.    I can recall that we did a bipartisan effort when we talked about an exception to the QM rule for the banks that dealt with rural housing and providing those mortgages. And while some of us had been against balloon payments for years because we thought that disadvantaged homeowners--you made us understand why this was important to rural communities. We get that.    And one of the reasons I wanted very much to be able to support that is because I am amazed at what a lack of reputation rural communities have, not only in housing, but in health care services, or you name it. If it wasn't for urban legislators who fight for money and don't mind being called tax-and-spend liberals, the rural communities wouldn't get anything because rural representatives don't fight for them enough.    And I am against complicating their needs by talking about throwing them into HUD that does not have enough money to do anything. As a matter of fact, HUD has millions of people on waiting lists across the country. And so to talk about supporting RHS just doesn't make good sense.    So I want to just say to Mr. Hernandez and Mr. Scire, first, do you understand how consolidation is going to make it better for rural housing? Are you able to articulate that somehow consolidation is going to do what we have not done all these years for rural housing? If so, tell us right now.    Mr. Hernandez. Madam Congresswoman, we are committed to trying to find the best delivery process we have. We believe the programs in USDA focused on rural Americans as the best way to provide services. Our focus is only on those folks who have limited income in rural America. Only in rural America.    Congress will change the definition of rural America. We will do whatever Congress wants to do on that definition. But we are focused, laser focused on how to improve people's lives.    And as you know, housing is a conduit to family, neighbor, and community. That is why we put so much focus on it. So with Congress' help, we are improving our processes, automating our processes. We have legislative proposals that will fix and streamline things, but we need support from Congress to do that. And one happens to be--    Ms. Waters. So how does consolidation help you?    Mr. Hernandez. I don't think consolidation is going to help us solve--    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. Mr. Chairman, what is nice about what we do is that we have what we call a ``storefront operation'' in the private sector, and I have been in the private sector many times. I love it. And I love to come back to the government because people like the know what is the difference between the two.    Sometimes in government, we like to say everything has to be like this, one way. What is nice about the private sector is we have different ways to get outcomes. And Congress was very smart and they created agencies to provide different services. Sometimes overlapping doesn't mean it is bad. They are trying to find what is the best way to provide a service.    In working with Fahe, we are working with them because we need to have a partnership that helps us reach out where we cannot do anymore. So Congress decided they wanted to have a definition for rural in character. Whatever you want it to be, we will implement it.    Mr. Hernandez. We do lots of things better for all industry. Our performance right now on our single-family loans, multi-family loans, our performance is very, very good, in some cases, better than FHA, and better than VA, depending on the type of product.    But see, you can't compare apples to apples all the time. I know everybody wants to. This is loan making. So that is why we use metrics like first-year delinquency. Ours is better than--    Mr. Hernandez. We are working with folks. We have a graduation program. So if people get a direct loan, that is where we are the lender--    Mr. Hernandez. Sure.    Mr. Hernandez. I will get you some numbers.    Mr. Hernandez. One of the things that we are doing right now is we are getting data from RHS that would allow us to do an analysis of what explains the loan performance for RHS and compare that with FHA so that we can see whether or not its processes actually do result in a better outcome.    Mr. Hernandez. Mr. Chairman--    Mr. Hernandez. --part of what we are trying to do is have better technology so that we can analyze our data. That is why one of our proposals is asking for a flat fee so we can generate the automation and the analysis. We are actually doing this analysis right now we call an ``econometric model,'' how to better perform our mortgages, how can we slice and dice? To do that takes investment.    Mr. Hernandez. I don't have the data for you, but I can get the data that we do have.    Mr. Hernandez. I am not, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Great.    Mr. Hernandez. Mr. Ellison, one of the opportunities we have is--the rental assistance we provide for rental housing needs is so high that our budgets allocation is just minimal. We are barely meeting it. So we have lots of folks who are rent-burdened, as you have indicated.    Mr. Hernandez. They are paying more than their income, which means they have to make other choices. They cannot save for school, they cannot pay for health care, or other things like pharmacy or food. So anything that provides the opportunity for folks to have more discretionary dollars so they can make better choices. So in your bill you may want to look at where is the rental assistance part--    Mr. Hernandez. --how do you support rental assistance. Because that is a key part for us, is rental assistance. We do not do Section 8. We only do rental assistance. And our vouchers are different than HUD's, because we believe in a different way to provide assistance to folks in a different way.    Mr. Hernandez. So without reading your whole bill completely, I think it would provide some assistance to us to provide more services to folks in rural America who need help.    Mr. Hernandez. That is true.    Mr. Hernandez. Mr. Ellison, we have approximately 6 million units where people are overburdened. And they are paying more for their rent than they can afford right now. And they do it because they have a nice play to live. That is what we are trying to do, is get Congress to recommit to affordable housing in rural America.    Mr. Hernandez. I believe that USDA is focused on doing rural services. And so what we are trying to do is find ways to streamline our processes, improve our focus, and capitalize on our storefront operation, which makes it nice. We have offices that work directly with Tom Crew in--they are there. So that is Tom Fern and the State director. So we have a State director in every place. That is a storefront. That is a retail operation.    Other Federal agencies don't do it. That doesn't mean it is wrong. I am just saying we have developed, with Congress' input, a way to reach out to customers and solve it. So you may not just want a cookie-cutter delivery system. And that is what consolidation is about, cookie-cutter, everybody should be the same. We have found a way that provides better service, changes people's lives, and uses the tools that you have given us.    And that is why we come back and say we need some additional tools. Because we have a delivery system that is changing people's lives. We can measure the performance. We can measure the success. But to do that, we have to change. We are proposing how to change. But to do that, we need your help to enhance our delivery system. We are focused in rural America, with storefront operations and products that meet the needs of those with limited income.    Remember, these folks are only making $29,000. For rental housing, it is $11,000, $12,000. These are limited income folks who have smaller choices. And that is why we partner with the private sector, to reduce the cost on us. The guaranteed program, we have zero cost to the taxpayer. What a great program. And we are using the private sector to make it happen. We have a specific role.    So what you have asked us to do is to be creative, be strategic, and find ways to partner. And we are doing that, but we need your help on some legislative proposals. Our proposals, there are about seven of them in there. We would love for you to look at it.    If you only pick two out of the multi-family, the ones we would like--they are all important. But if you only pick two, we need the partial budget authority. When Congress goes to a continued resolution, we don't get dollars. That means we actually distribute close to $90 million every month in rental subsidy. But if you don't give us the authority to do partial year contracts, by law you tell us we have to fund the whole year by law. So we are asking for some management flexibility to do that. To do that, you have to change the law.    The other thing we are asking for is access to the new hires database. We want the program integrity to be better. You tell us you want it to be better. Here is the opportunity. Support legislation that allows us the authority to access data that is there. It is sitting there. We are just waiting to get to it so we can improve the integrity of the program. We need your help there.    On the single-family program, we need help to do delegated authority to streamline the process, make it easier for the private sector to provide service so we can monitor and provide good oversight. We can't do it without you. Oh, we need your help and this partnership is so important. This is the great time for Congress to recommit for another 30 or 40 years of affordable housing in rural America.    Mr. Hernandez. My first concern is who would be hurt, rather than served better. So I looked back at my maturing properties. I have 11,576--400,000 households. That is a lot of people. Consolidation, whatever you call it.    And I am trying to get us not to think about a solution before you define the problem. A lot of times people jump to the solution. Apparently, you think consolidation is a solution. I am not sure what the problem is yet. To me, the problem is, how are we serving customers better?    So my first concern is, are we going to be better off than we were before? And so you have to rely on what is the best strategy, what is the outcome we are looking for. I am looking for better, safer, and more decent housing in partnership with the private sector. We just guarantee loans. We don't manage these properties. So who is going to be hurt?    So, define the problem better. I think Congress has the opportunity to help better define what you are trying to achieve here. And I want to be a partner to help you define the problem so we can collectively find a better solution.    Mr. Hernandez. Mr. Chairman, we place a high priority on housing. As a matter of fact, as I stated before, housing is a conduit to family, neighborhood, and community. So Congress reduces our budget. Whatever you give us, we would administer. Or if you want to give us more dollars, we will administer those dollars. And the President is very committed to doing affordable lending--    Mr. Hernandez. Our priority is to administer the dollars that are given to us. Whatever dollars you give me, I will administer, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. No, it is not.    Mr. Hernandez. Mr. Chairman, what we are trying to do is we have to--don't look at agencies first. What you do is you look at customers. What customers are you trying to focus on? What we have learned great from the private sector is if you focus on the customer first before you reorganize, consolidate, focus on the customer. Let me just--Mr. Chairman--our customers are different than FHA. We compare to FHA because we don't have any other comparison. FHA does a great job. But their are customers are different than ours.    Mr. Hernandez. Should we get out of it?    Mr. Hernandez. I only talk about USDA because that is what I know. You might want to FHA about their programs. We do more than housing. We are a community development agency just for rural America. So I do jobs, housing, transportation, education, health care, and public safety. Does that mean you want to consolidate to all one agency, just one? No. What you try to do is, who can deliver the service better to the customer. That is what the private sector has done so well.    Mr. Hernandez. They offer services to different customers, sir. Our customers cannot qualify--    Mr. Hernandez. Wait. I am not done yet--    Mr. Hernandez. No. What we are going to talk about--    Mr. Hernandez. I was not privy to any of those discussions on that.    Mr. Hernandez. What Congress has asked us to do is use a number of tools to help you determine rural--    Mr. Hernandez. It depends on the program. The first program, if you look at the direct program, those folks are only making $29,000 or less. We have a great program--    Mr. Hernandez. Yes.    Mr. Hernandez. That could be a single family person, it could be a multi-family household.    Mr. Hernandez. Oh, we do, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure.    Mr. Hernandez. Harm?    Mr. Hernandez. I would love to meet our partners and stakeholders.    Mr. Hernandez. We have been--    Mr. Hernandez. We are trying to make sure we have the right staff in the right place to provide better service. And that is why we focus more on business process we are engineering.    So we are looking for ways to focus on the real problem, which is how do you deliver a service--    Mr. Hernandez. Looking for--no, I am not looking for ways to trim employees. I am looking for ways to provide better service. Where should I have--    Mr. Hernandez. We do that today, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Okay.    Mr. Hernandez. Let me share how we are doing that, sir. We have asked for automation. We have a number of proposals to change the way we do business. A lot of times people say do this differently. And I say wait a minute, before you start--    Mr. Hernandez. I am looking at where is--    Mr. Hernandez. The question I think you are trying to get me to answer is how do you best allocate resources and deliver goods and services. That is what we are doing. We are evaluating business processes--    Mr. Hernandez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Yes. We are partnering with GAO to make sure we identify the right ones to implement. What is nice about his report is he talks about how there is overlap, not necessarily duplication. So where is the appropriate overlap? Where should it be? Just because you have it, doesn't mean it is wrong.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure, Mr. Green. What we are trying to do is try to find ways to prevent what we call ``improper payments'' first. And that is why one of our proposals is to do what we call the new hires database. So we are asking for authority to access a database that is operating today. HHS has this database. If we can address that, access it, we can make better decisions at the property level. It is not us, it is not our staff who will do it. It is the private sector property managers who use the database to make sure folks are not getting into properties for which they are not eligible. So I am trying to prevent it on the front end.    Now, sometimes people get through and are not eligible. We find them on the back end. So we are working with some of the recommendations that GAO has given us to try to better perform on the back end side; putting better regulations, better training, looking at the calculations differently and better to make sure we identify the problems we find.    Most of my life, just like yours, we try to prevent problems. And so that is why our legislative proposals say, would you please give us statutory authority so we can have access to the new hires database. That is one of their recommendations. We are trying to follow the recommendation. For 4 or 5 years, we have been asking for this. And every year the report comes back saying that they are still not doing it. It is true, because we can't get the legislative authority to access the database. We need your help. We want your help so we can perform better there.    So please look at that legislative proposal and see if you agree with it this year. We are willing to spend time with you to help educate you on how it works. Together, we will show you the benefits of that legislative proposal so we can perform better on the multi-family side.    Mr. Hernandez. I don't understand the question, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. No. What we have asked for is, how we improve different programs and streamline the process, partner more with different Federal agencies, align more to reduce the cost, and use technology in a way that allows us to do more with less people.    Because we have less. We have 20 percent fewer people than we had before. So we are doing more with less. But to do that, we have to have some technology to replace that.