    Mr. Gosar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We are going to switch it up a little bit, since I haven't had a chance to evaluate some of the things.    Administrator McCarthy, there's a memorandum prepared by senior Army Corps of Engineers employees detailing serious legal and scientific deficiencies with the waters of the United States rule were reported in the news this week.    Are you aware of those memos?    Mr. Gosar. Okay. Are you aware of the legal and scientific deficiencies raised by the Corps in those memos?    Mr. Gosar. Mr. Chairman, I would like to submit the memos and the attachments into the record and share some of those concerns with you right now.    Mr. Gosar. An April 27, 2015, memo from Major General John Peabody, Deputy Commanding General for the Corps' Civil and Emergency Operations, states: ``The rule's contradictions with legal principles, general multiple legal and technical consequences that, in the view of the Corps, would be fatal to the rule in its current form.'' As is, the rule will be legally: ``vulnerable, difficult to defend in court, difficult for the court to explain or to justify, and challenging for the court to implement.'' The rule has abandoned principles of sound science, quote, and introduced indefensible provisions into the rule.    A May 15, 2015, memo states: EPA's analysis underlying the rule is, quote, flawed in multiple respects. And the Corps' review could not find a justifiable basis to the analysis for many of the document's conclusions.    Now, question. This rule was jointly issued by the EPA and Army Corps. Is that correct?    Mr. Gosar. Assistant Secretary of the Army Jo-Ellen Darcy testified before the House Transportation Committee in June that the Army Corps, quote, took these concerns and walked through them with the EPA before finalizing the rule.    Is that your understanding?    Mr. Gosar. Can you confirm that the EPA knew about these concerns before finalizing the rule?    Mr. Gosar. Really? Huh.    The EPA has publicly stated that it worked closely and carefully with the Army Corps to make sure, just as you said, sure that all concerns were addressed before finalization.    In its April 27, 2015 memo, the Corps asserts that, to date, the fixes have not been adopted, so the flaw remains.    Did the EPA adopt the Corps' recommended changes to the final version of the rule published on June 29, 2015?    Mr. Gosar. Well, that is why these two documents come out here showing quite the contradiction, because they are saying they weren't met.    Once again, I see the EPA saying that they are above the law, not only in rulemaking--and you are aware that there are numerous Supreme Court rulings that defy you actually going into this waters of the U.S. Application. You got serious comments in regards to the Army Corps of Engineers that you are supposed to team up with, and yet you sit here and tell me that we have made sure that it is all taken care of, but yet it is not.    What am I supposed to believe when I hear just the testimony that you gave in front of the chairman and now I am looking at waters of the U.S.? It is just a blatant disregard for the rule of law.    Do you have any comments in regards to that?    Mr. Gosar. Oh, you can disagree all you want, but the facts are the facts, are they not, ma'am?    Mr. Gosar. And so there's huge deficiencies with this rule, but yet you did not take the time to do it properly. What you did is you forced it down, just like everybody else does within this agency. And so, who cares about the rules?    You know, I come from Arizona, where water is for fighting over, whiskey is for drinking. So these are very, very important to us, particularly, in the West.    Mr. Gosar. And they are overreaching beyond that.    So I find it very defiant to have you sitting here and, in light of these two documents, stating that you actually worked with the Army Corps of Engineers, that it is ingrained within the rule. But it is not ingrained in the rule. And you perpetuated a bad rule that has legal consequences and has ramifications for States and water use throughout this country. Shame on you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.