    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Woodall, I think I would like to direct this to you if I may, please. Over the last couple of--I am over here. Over the last couple of years we have heard a lot of witnesses and no small number of the members of this committee indicate publicly and explicitly that receiving a SIFI designation was locking in an unfair competitive advantage.    It seemed to be premised on the idea that lenders would be willing to extend debt to them at a discounted rate. I am having a hard time squaring that circle in the face of the fact that everybody who is a target for designation fights it tooth and nail. And secondly, the action of the S&P recently to downgrade the debt rating of, I think, eight financial institutions.    What is your impression? Is this a good thing, to be SIFI designated? Is it a desirable thing by them? Does it in fact lock in a competitive advantage?    Mr. Heck. Is it a good thing for them?    Mr. Heck. Does it give them a competitive advantage?    Mr. Heck. Why do they fight it?    Mr. Heck. Why would they fight it and why would S&P downgrade them?    Mr. Heck. Director Watt, as I pursue this, please remember that I respect you, I wouldn't go quite as far as the gentleman from Texas, but I have affection as both a former colleague and somebody I respect.    Since you have taken over, I have written you two letters, or signed on to two letters. The first had to do with the forced marriage of the Seattle and the Des Moines Federal Home Loan Banks. And I specifically asked that you ensure that the new bank's affordable housing program distribute its funding equitably throughout the combined district.    And that is something that when the bank was just in Seattle, they ensured. And in fact, the Des Moines bank, the new consolidated bank, came out with its nine criteria for distributing funds, and made no mention whatsoever of equitable distribution.    I cannot exaggerate to you the depth of my disappointment on this. I convey it to you. I am not letting go of this, and I am deeply disappointed that there was not more attention paid to this basic principle.    The second letter that I sent to you had to do with concerns about the proposed rule to limit membership, I think 66 of my colleagues got on, the rule came out, we hear rumors that it is not going to be changed. I have signed on to legislation with Mr. Luetkemeyer, Mr. Carney, and Mr. McHenry, to sponsor a bill is to stop it.    Now, in a private meeting I put a question to you, which I now put to you publicly. And I am asking you to respond personally, not necessarily with your agency hat on. You are a long time former member, much respected, of this committee.    Given the forced marriage between Seattle and Des Moines, given the blowback and apparent disagreement about the proposed membership rule, is it not time that the Congress take a look at the basic structure of Federal Home Loan Banks? It has not been touched in 80 years. For all practical purposes, its roots are the same as when they were created.    I believe that in 8 decades, circumstances have evolved and it should be up to us to take a look at that. In fact, the disagreement you and I had privately was, I think it should be up to you or your agency to bring forth ideas of how you might do that.    Your reaction, please, sir?    Mr. Heck. Thank you. Comptroller Curry, you are the sole Director of an agency that is not subject to appropriations. How many times have you testified before this committee?    Mr. Heck. Over what period of time?    Mr. Heck. Dr. Watt, same question?    Mr. Heck. One time? Director Cordray, how many times?    Mr. Heck. I think the point is clear. Thank you.