    Mr. Lance. Thank you.    And I also practiced constitutional law in New Jersey. And so I would like to ask Commissioner Pai and Commissioner O'Rielly to comment on the colloquy between my colleague, Congresswoman DeGette and the chairman.    Mr. Lance. And if you were to do that, would you be subjected to some sort of legal action?    Mr. Lance. Commissioner O'Rielly, this, to me, is as clear as mud.    Mr. Lance. Presumably, that is nonpublic. I do not know what is in that document of 15 or 20 or 30 pages. And there is no way I, in the branch of government that is mentioned in Article I of the Constitution, I am not privy to that. Is that accurate?    Mr. Lance. Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Lance. And if you were to release only a portion of it and if you were to mischaracterize a portion of it, undoubtedly, another member of the commission would say no, this is the full and fair interpretation of the larger document. And this happens in the branch of government in which we are involved and I would hope in the executive branch as well.    So, if for some reason you were to mischaracterize or not fully disclose the entire intent of the document under the marketplace of ideas, wouldn't that be corrected by another member of the Commission? Commissioner Pai, Commissioner O'Rielly, please.    Mr. Lance. And you characterize them as inaccurate and that may be true, that may not be true. I tend to think it is true. But regardless of whether it is true or not, what would be wrong with a full discussion?    Mr. Lance. Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Lance. And whether or not this has been the situation over the years regarding the commission, do you believe, gentlemen that it would be better moving forward if this were to change and place it in the subjunctive voice, if this were to change? And why do you think it should change?    Mr. Lance. Commissioner Rosenworcel, your comments on the discussion I have had with your colleagues?    Mr. Lance. In your opinion, do you and I have a right to go back and forth in the document that Commissioner Pai has at his desk?    Mr. Lance. I don't know what is contained in that document. Are you able to release to me what is contained in that document?    Mr. Lance. And why is that, Commissioner?    Mr. Lance. Well, I understand what the rules are. I am questioning the rules. I obviously understand what the rules are. The rules may say that this room is painted pink. It is actually painted green. I understand what the rules are. Do you agree with the rules?    Mr. Lance. I think it is essential to the American people that we, in the first branch of government, under Article I, have the ability to review what is contained in that document.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.