    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. King, good luck on your confirmation. I'm from the great State of Tennessee. We do fund our colleges based on graduation rates, not on heads and beds. And we also have provided free community college and technical college. As you know, we've had the greatest gains in K through 12 than any State in the Union. People should be looking at that.    What I want to talk about today with you, and I really want to work with the Department on this, and probably you have read this, but Dr. Nick Zeppos at Vanderbilt has ``Recalibrating Regulations of Colleges and Universities.'' I'm just going to go over a few things quickly about the incredible costs that are placed on colleges to comply with Federal regulations.    Basically, regulations that, for instance, in 1997, at Stanford University, 7.5 percent of the tuition was to comply with Federal regulations. In Vanderbilt University, in 2014, 11 percent, or $150 million, that's $11,000 per student, just to comply with Federal regulations. That's one of the ways we could have more money, is to decrease the amount of regulatory burden we placed on these colleges and universities. Thirty-three percent increase in the last 10 years in compliance officers in colleges. And this is public data.    Regulations are overly complex. In at least one case, a guidance document meant to clarify uncertainty led to more confusion. In 2011, a ``dear colleague'' on Title IX responsibilities for sexual harassment contained all these complex mandates, and then when they had to explain just that, it was a 53-page document that people had to go through.    The colleges are required to have selective service registration. Not that these are not important, but this is something a college probably shouldn't be doing. Voter registration requirements, peer-to-peer file sharing, foreign gift reporting. I mean, on and on, I could go on and on.    Timely. Let me give you this one. In May of 2013, Yale University was ordered to repay financial aid funds based on the Department of Education audit undertaken in 1996. The University of Colorado received a similar demand based on a 1997 audit. And even though the universities appealed in a timely fashion, it took 17 and 16 years, respectively, for the Department to act. That's ridiculous, and it's expensive, because they are, again, doing all these things.    2004, the Department investigated Yale for the Clery Act reporting violation, that's sexual harassment on campus, 2001 and 2002, but the fine wasn't issued until 2013. So I could go on and on with that.    Another thing is a barrier to innovation, these requirements are. Vanderbilt gave up its online programming because of the extensive requirements in several States. In North Carolina, they just threw the hat in. And in California, the State of California projected the cost of developing and implementing a new data system required to meet regulatory requirements at $233 million just for California alone. That would have much been better than IDEA or other things that we could have spent money on. As we have all said, the resources are limited.    So I want to work with you. This is a great document. Have you read this document?    Mr. Roe. It really gives a lot of great ideas. I'm going to let you answer.    Mr. Roe. I don't mean to interrupt you, but how old are your children now?    Mr. Roe. Okay. Well, I have three that have graduated from college. And, sadly, a University of Tennessee grad has got to say one got an MBA from Vanderbilt. That's hard for me to confess, but I will. But how when you start writing a check to a university, how can you, when you write an $11,000 a year per student just to comply with Federal regulations that is really not much benefit to the student, when you start writing that check, it's going to be different. I've written those checks, and I want you to think about that. I seriously want to work on reducing this regulatory burden. I think it's hugely important.    Mr. Roe. Thank you. I yield.