    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, we often speak of providing regulatory relief for small banks, and I think if we are serious about it we should start by making quick fixes wherever possible where we can offer some immediate relief. So I introduced H.R. 2987 along with Representative Maloney, Representative King, and Representative Luetkemeyer, to provide a technical correction to Section 171 of Dodd-Frank to allow small banks with less than $15 billion in assets to be able to continue to use their trust-preferred status as part of their Tier 1 capital.    The intent of this section of Dodd-Frank was to make sure that the large banks have high-quality capital while providing an exemption for smaller banks with assets under $15 billion. But I believe it was a mistake to set in law a fixed date of December 31, 2009, as a permanent judgment date for determining which banks had less than $15 billion in assets to qualify regardless of what happened to the size of the institutions in the future.    This is inconsistent with other legislation that uses asset thresholds like the CFPB's $10 billion threshold or the SIFIs $50 billion threshold. All these thresholds are based on the size of the institution today. It is also unfair to institutions that are currently as small as $6 billion today but are still regulated like large banks with over $15 billion.    This bill would allow banks that have assets of less than $15 billion today to be treated fairly and therefore be eligible for the exemption that was meant to be available for such small institutions. And in this bill we make sure that the intent of Dodd-Frank is entirely preserved, so if the bank's assets go back to above $15 billion, then they lose that exemption. So this bill would provide relief for institutions that go below $15 billion for as long as they remain below that level.    This is a simple fix, Mr. Chairman, and is also logical, and these banks need the relief, and they need relief now.    Mr. Chairman, I hope we can have this included in our next markup and approve this legislation as soon as possible. And I am pleased that this is one of the pieces of legislation that we were able to do in a completely bipartisan manner. We have over 40 cosponsors, about half and half: 50 percent Republicans; and 50 percent Democrats. And I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this legislation.    Lastly, I believe that high-quality municipal bonds, some of which are more liquid and less risky than highly rated corporate bonds, should be included in the definition of Level 2A high-quality liquid assets in the LCR. This is critically important for cities like my little City--New York, a little, small City on the coast--and is another important improvement that we need to approve.    So in the time I have left, I will just ask to the witnesses whether or not you think that banks should be regulated today based on the size of their assets back in 2009, or do any of the witnesses believe that banks under $15 billion pose a systemic risk to the financial services industry?    Gentlemen?    Mr. Meeks. Mr. Ireland?    Mr. Meeks. Mr. Stanley?    Mr. Meeks. We want you to research it and come back and give the same answer as Mr. Ireland and Mr. Kupiec.    I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.