    Mr. Jaenichen. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Garamendi, and members of the subcommittee, I appreciate this opportunity to discuss President Obama's budget request for the Maritime Administration for fiscal year 2016. The budget request reflects my priorities for maintaining our country's national security and preparedness, investment in mariner training, investment in our maritime transportation system infrastructure, enhancing U.S.-flag competitiveness, and fostering environmental sustainability.    The President's budget request continues to fund readiness programs that support Department of Defense sealift requirements. Funding provided from the U.S. Navy will allow the Maritime Administration to continue to provide ready surge sealift support in 2016 through the Ready Reserve Force. This is a fleet of 46 vessels whose primary purpose is to provide for rapid mass movement of defense equipment and supplies to support our armed forces, and to respond to national and humanitarian emergencies.    One of these vessels, the motor vessel Cape Ray, earned special recognition for its unprecedented support of the United Nations and the Organization for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons mission to neutralize the Syrian Government's declared stockpile of chemical weapons. More recently, three Ready Reserve Force vessels were activated to support the DOD medical mission to Liberia for the Ebola virus response for Operation United Assistance.    For fiscal year 2016, $186 million is requested to fully fund, at the authorized level, the Maritime Security Program. This program provides a fleet of 60 commercial privately owned, military useful, U.S.-flagged and U.S.-crewed ships whose primary purpose is to provide assured access to sealift to support global projection of our U.S. armed forces, including access to their worldwide intermodal logistics capacity. The MSP is the core of the U.S.-flag fleet, and provides critical employment for 2,400 U.S. merchant mariners, creating a reliable pool of mariners ready to support the activation of our Government's Reserve sealift fleets.    The fiscal year 2016 funding enables the Department of Transportation to continue to maintain this critical national asset, and the men and women who crew them. However, declining cargoes are creating a significant challenge for the MSP, most notably the declining Department of Defense cargo to the drawdown in Afghanistan and Iraq, coupled with more than an 80-percent reduction in personnel and military bases overseas since 1990 are impacting the U.S. fleet operating in international trade.    It is for this reason we are working with industry and Government stakeholders to develop a National Maritime Strategy to support the U.S. maritime industry, and ensure the availability of U.S.-flag vessels to support national security. I know the committee is anxious for a strategy to be completed, and I am committed to providing one as soon as possible.    I want to highlight that this budget request is an increase in our mariner training programs. This increase in funding will ensure that we can continue to produce highly skilled U.S. merchant marine officers to support America's economic as well as our national security requirements.    The President's fiscal year 2016 budget request includes $34.6 million to support our six State maritime academies. Included in that request is $5 million for the planning and design of a national security multimission vessel to support the replacement of the 53-year-old training vessel Empire State, currently used by the State University of New York Maritime College.    The budget also includes $22 million to fund maintenance and repair costs for federally owned training ships currently on loan from the Maritime Administration to the other five State maritime academies. These training vessels provide opportunities for midshipmen and cadets to get important hands-on experience and technical training, a critical educational component, in order to qualify to take their U.S. Coast Guard merchant mariner officer examination.    In addition to providing a training platform, these ships have been called up in the past to respond to humanitarian emergencies and disaster response efforts. For these training vessels are rapidly approaching the end of their useful life, and we must develop a recapitalization proposal and analysis of alternatives, with a multiyear budget scheme to address the replacement of vessels.    The President's budget also includes $96 million for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, which will enable the Academy to effectively achieve its core responsibility of providing the highest caliber academic study and the state-of-the-art learning facilities in the Nation's future merchant marine officers and maritime transportation professionals.    Finally, the fiscal year budget request reflects a continued commitment to reducing and mitigating transportation-related impacts on the environment, including $5 million for the MarAd ship disposal program, which currently is at a historic low of 19 obsolete vessels, having responsibly disposed of over 200 vessels since the year 2000. With the requested funding level in 2016, we plan to remove an additional eight vessels in 2016.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the subcommittee's continuing support for maritime programs, and I look forward to working with you on advancing the maritime transportation of the United States, and establishing a maritime strategy.    And I am happy to respond to any questions that you or the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Jaenichen. Chairman, a couple things. In 2013 the Maritime Administration put out an economic impact study of the shipyards and repairing industry. Essentially, what it said is there are 100,000 shipyard workers that are currently employed building ships. There are also--if you take the indirect jobs, there are another 300,000 jobs in a $36 billion industry.    The challenge that we have is, today--the Commandant mentioned the energy renaissance. Today the order book at our shipyards around the country, we have 33 large vessels, oceangoing vessels. A significant number of them, 25, are actually supporting the energy industry. There are 12 of them that are 330,000-barrel tank vessels. There are also seven that are 110,000-barrel or greater, in terms of articulated tug and barges to be able to move those cargoes. Those are currently on the order book today. We additionally have eight container or RoCon kind of vessels that are also on the order book.    The challenge is even the discussion of potentially changing the build requirement is enough to essentially influence some of the finance folks. And if they get concerned about the ability for the folks that are buying these ships to be able to get financing, or they take the risk and they make the risk too large so that they have to charge a higher risk rate to be able to get that, some of those projects that are currently on the order book today may not occur.    And it has nothing to do with even changing the Jones Act. It is just the sheer threat of changing the Jones Act, because what ends up happening is, if you bring in tonnage that can be built overseas at shipyards that are subsidized by forward governments, you get a situation where you imbalance the economic model that these operators currently who have made the investment in Jones Act tonnage, built it in the U.S. to be able to be coastwise trade, they are now at a disadvantage in comparison. So now you have got projects that are currently financed for 25 or 30 years. They now can't compete in the same environment. So, potentially, those projects go under, or they can't pay their loans. So this is a cascading problem that could potentially be created.    There are a number of folks that have said that the Jones Act is the problem and the reason why we have gas high at the pumps. Can I--I could take it through sort of a little mathematical analysis and say that is not exactly the case. If you take a look at the U.S. Energy Information Administration, they have said that, from a barrel of crude oil, you get 12 gallons of diesel, 19 gallons of gas, and that is out of a 42-gallon barrel. So about 31 gallons. So that is about 75 percent is useful.    The difference in the rates to be able to move on a foreign-flag vessel versus a U.S.-flag vessel, say from the Gulf of Mexico to Canada, is about $2 per barrel. To move it to the refineries on the east coast, it is about $5 a barrel. The difference is about $3. So you take that 31, divide it into 3, and you get about $0.09. That is the cost to be able to move it per barrel. And that doesn't even count the 25 percent of that barrel that can be used for other things to be able to defer that cost.    I compare that $0.09 to the Federal tax on gas, $0.18. In the State of New York, the local and State taxes is $0.44. So $0.62. And a comparison is $0.09. I also take $0.09 and I compare it to the price of a gallon of gas. It is less than 4 percent. Whoever is saying that this is the cost of our woes for high gas prices is misinforming the American people.    Mr. Jaenichen. Sir, as of the 1st of January of 2012, we had 106 vessels. Today that number is 81. And I anticipate that it is going to go lower than that before the end of the year. The challenge for the U.S.-flag internationally trading fleet is the lack of available Government-impelled cargo, which is one of the things that they rely on and have access to.    DOD cargoes are principally one of the principal cargoes that they carry on an annual basis. The--General Paul Selva, the commander of U.S. Transportation Command, recently is on record as saying that this budget for transportation requirements, essentially, is 50 percent what it was just 2 years ago. So that is a significant challenge for the U.S.-flag fleet, and we are seeing their exodus because of the lack of Government-impelled cargo and other cargo opportunities.    Mr. Jaenichen. Five years ago, typically from--for about the last 20 years, all except for the year 2007, we had a number above 100 in that entire period. So we have been hovering around 100, somewhere between 103 and just below that in--only in 2007. But, essentially, from 2012 over the last 3-year period, we have lost 25 percent of the U.S.-flag fleet. And that corresponds to about 2,200 U.S. mariner jobs that have been lost, as a result.    Mr. Jaenichen. Thank you for your question, sir. We have done a couple of things. We started last year with two National Maritime Strategy symposiums. We did the first one--the first one we did in January was solely dedicated on the U.S.-flag fleet trading internationally. And so we met for several days, had about 600 stakeholders that participated in that particular symposium. We captured all those comments. We have now collated them, we have identified what we refer to as tenets that would be required to be supporting in a strategy, and we have also identified some options that might be available to be able to improve the number of ships operating under U.S. flag, internationally.    We have shared that with our Marine Transportation System National Advisory Council. They have assisted us in prioritizing those. I have sat down with my Federal partners, the Federal Maritime Commission, members of the Commandant's staff, and others who are involved in this particular requirement to be able to get this National Maritime Strategy out.    I have also employed an outside organization who is actually going and talking to stakeholders to make sure that we recognize what a National Maritime Strategy should and should not do. And we are in the process of getting that drafted, and then getting it coordinated with the agency. I hope to have that out very soon.    Mr. Jaenichen. Ranking Member Garamendi, thank you for that question. We have done a number of initiatives. First, we have reached out to the LNG industry to try to better understand what it is they are shipping, how much they are shipping, and where they are shipping from. To be able to do that, we have partnered with the Department of Energy and a task force that is associated with the Committee on Marine Transportation, looking at--specifically at alternative energies.    We also, as part of our international engagement with the bilaterals that we do on a maritime basis, and also what we do internationally, I have personally talked with members of the Japanese delegation, the South Korean delegation, and the Chinese delegation, with regard to some of these particular issues. I will say that they are not taking root very effectively, but we are continuing to engage on that, to see if there are opportunities in some kind of agreements that we might do.    We are also taking a look, talking with our shipyards, in terms of their capacity. I think you know that the last LNG vessel that we built, we built 16 of them back in the 1970s and the 1980s, that the last one was built in 1980. The yards that did that here in the U.S. are no longer building commercial vessels, so we have some challenges to be able to reconstitute that particular capacity. So, we are doing a number of things to make sure that we can understand and be able to exercise the direction that you provided, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. That is what we are working to put together, as a policy, to do that. It is not firmly set yet. I am working on that to be able to get to the Secretary.    Mr. Jaenichen. Sir, it is going to be late, as you and I previously discussed.    One of the challenges I want to make sure the National Maritime Strategy--that we deliver is the right one. I think we are only going to get one chance at this, to be able to get it right. We have done a significant amount of effort to make sure that we have captured stakeholder input, to make sure we have captured the--what is going to be required. And one of the things that was included in that Coast Guard authorization was that I have to also coordinate it within the interagency. That process takes a little bit longer than----    Mr. Jaenichen. The interagency process takes some time, sir.    Mr. Jaenichen. We have personally talked with them, sir. I have also met with Chairman Cordero and his Commissioners, and we have done a lot of what I would call the interagency engagement. I still have some drafting, the physical requirements to do. So we have gotten their feedback, and I am now in the process of drafting. So it is not----    Mr. Jaenichen. Mr. Garamendi, you are correct.    Mr. Jaenichen. Sir, what is in the President's budget for fiscal year 2016 is a 25-percent local and regional purchase requirement. Our budget supports that. What is being discussed is something more expansive than that. That legislative language I know is being drafted, and it is not at a point I think it is ready to be delivered to you.    Mr. Jaenichen. Congressman, thank you for that particular question. I would have to go and take a look at the specific solicitation. Here is what I can tell you.    Over the 90 contracts that we have either done through vessel sales or through service contracts, where we actually have to pay for them to actually dispose of the vessel, 72 of the 90 that we have done have, in fact, gone to the highest bidder. Under our best-value contract, we do--we take a look at a couple things. We take a look at the sales price or the service fee cost. We take a look at the production period. We take a look at the past performance of that particular company. And then we award it, based on best value.    The GAO has looked at this program, and has validated our procedures for best value. And they have also ensured that we are in compliance with the Federal acquisition requirements.    With regard to the current issue with the scrapyard that is currently disposing of a couple of our vessels, one of the things that has happened over the last probably month and a half or so, the bottom has dropped out of the scrap metal market, and so that is a challenge. We were made aware of this here recently. We are trying to ascertain what the status is, and how that might affect the actual performance period of the production contract. I would have to get back to you on the specifics, because I really don't have that information.    I will tell you that we have had a situation in the most recent solicitation where we had ships that--bids were made. Because of the change in the scrap metal market, that the actual first and second bidder actually withdrew their sales contracts. We actually awarded it to the next lowest bidder, which was $400,000 less than the highest bid. But they were still willing to pay for that vessel sale. So those are the examples of what happens under the solicitation, and how it works.    And so, to be able to go back to specific, you know, contracts, in terms of money lost, we do attempt to get the highest value, to make sure that the taxpayer is the beneficiary of that. And, again, 80 percent of the time we are able to do that.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Administrator. I would appreciate if you could follow back up on that. As I understand, the high bidder in this case actually did protest, and still lost out in this case.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.