    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Earlier this month, the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, where I also serve, held a hearing to cast doubt on global warming science. Never mind the overwhelming consensus in the scientific community that humans are contributing to climate change. Never mind the evidence that rapidly increasing greenhouse gas emissions are disrupting life all over the world. Rather than working to develop and support innovative methods of combatting climate change, the Science Committee held another hearing to debate whether established science is real.    I can't help but think that today's hearing is a similarly fruitless effort. The question that we are asked to consider is whether birthright citizenship is the right policy for America. I think the answer is clearly yes and that, in fact, no other policy would be worthy of this country.    The origins of birthright citizenship long predate the 14th Amendment. Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story said early on that, ``Nothing is better settled at common law than the doctrine of jus soli or citizenship by place of birth.''    The Supreme Court once diverged from this principle in the infamous Dred Scott decision when it denied birthright citizenship to the descendants of slaves. The violent institution of slavery itself was clearly an incredible injustice. In Dred Scott, the Supreme Court found a way to continue that injustice to reinforce the caste system at the heart of slavery, even with respect to children born in this country to freed slaves.    There is no question that the 14th Amendment was adopted and the citizenship clause was included as the very first sentence of that amendment to repudiate Dred Scott and to help us turn the corner of an ugly chapter in our Nation's history. But the clause did not simply say, as it could have, that children born in this country to freed slaves are citizens of this country. Rather, the Framers of the 14th Amendment spoke in general terms, guaranteeing that, ``All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside.''    From the debate in Congress at the time, it is clear that they understood this language to have much broader reach. It is also clear that members were motivated to embed this language in the Constitution precisely because the constitutional right of citizenship would be protected from the caprice of Congress and the prejudices of the day.    Thirty years after the 14th Amendment was ratified, the Supreme Court had occasion to consider whether a child born in this country to Chinese immigrants, who were by law prohibited from naturalizing, was entitled to birthright citizenship. The Supreme Court answered the question in the affirmative with sweeping language that is worth quoting. The court held, ``The 14th Amendment affirms the ancient and fundamental rule of citizenship by birth within the territory in the allegiance and under the protection of the country, including all children here born of resident aliens, with the exceptions or qualifications as old as the rule itself of children of foreign sovereigns or their ministers, or born on foreign public ships, or of the enemies within and during a hostile occupation of part of our territory, and with the single additional exception of children of members of Indian tribes owing direct allegiance to their several tribes.''    A minority view, among legal scholars, holds that Wong Kim Ark speaks only to children of legally present immigrants. The language in the case certainly does not suggest that additional exceptions or qualifications to the fundamental rule of birthright citizenship would apply to children of undocumented immigrants born in this country.    But even if that were true, the Supreme Court in the 1982 case of Plyler v. Doe settled the question. In Plyler, the Court explained that the phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction'' in the citizenship clause applies as comprehensively as the phrase ``within its jurisdiction'' in the equal protection clause and that no plausible distinction with respect to 14th Amendment jurisdiction can be drawn between resident aliens whose entry into the United States was lawful and resident aliens whose entry was unlawful.    So if there really isn't a serious debate among scholars about what the clause means, is the purpose of this hearing really to consider whether the citizenship clause of the 14th Amendment adopted in the aftermath of the Civil War has outlived its usefulness? Can we expect the full Committee to soon take up the question of whether the equal protection clause guarantees too much equality?    In preparing for this hearing, I thought about the Republican Party's history as the party of Lincoln. On the GOP's own Web site, there is a history of the party that proudly marks January 13, 1866, as the day that the 14th Amendment was passed by Congress, ``with unanimous Republican support and against intense Democratic opposition.''    And yet the question we are asked to consider today is whether the passage of the 14th Amendment and the citizenship clause almost 150 years ago was good policy for America.    It is no wonder that when this issue flared up last in 2010 and congressional Republicans voiced their support for legislation and a constitutional amendment to restrict birthright citizenship, prominent Republicans like Mark McKinnon cautioned that, ``The 14th Amendment is a great legacy of the Republican Party; it is a shame and an embarrassment that the GOP now wants to amend it for starkly political reasons.''    Republican leaders in the Senate narrowly avoided debate on this topic just last week when they prevented Senator Vitter from offering a birthright citizenship amendment to a bill on human trafficking. I cannot imagine the Republican leaders in the House are any more interested in bringing this issue to the floor. Actually, it has been 10 years since this Subcommittee last held a hearing on this topic, and I note that one of our witnesses, Professor Eastman, testified before us at that time. Hopefully, all of that means is this will be the last we hear of this issue for quite some time.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to place in the record a testimony from the Community Relations Council of the Jewish Federation of Silicon Valley as well as statements from the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; the American Civil Liberties Union; First Focus Campaign for Children; the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials; the League of United Latin American Citizens; the Constitutional Accountability Center; Church World Service; Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services; American Immigration Council; a sign-on letter from 14 national Jewish organizations; the Jewish Council for Public Affairs; Franciscan Action Network; Asian Americans Advancing Justice; American Immigration Lawyers Association; National Council of Asian-Pacific Americans; the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health; the National Immigration Forum; We Belong Together; the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles; and OCA, the Asian-Pacific American advocate.    Ms. Lofgren. I thank you. In your written testimony, Professor Graglia, you say that the two dissenting Justices in the Wong Kim Ark case, ``argued correctly that the rulemaking locality of birth the criterion for citizenship is based on ancient English law and did not survive the American Revolution.''    I was interested today, when I opened up to the Politico online, there is an article, and they have, you know, ``What Happened on This Day.'' And what happened on this day in 1789 was the very first contested election in the history of the House of Representatives. The House Committee on Elections rejected a challenge to William Loughton Smith's eligibility to represent Charleston, South Carolina. The challenge, brought by David Ramsay, was based on the fact that Smith could not satisfy the Constitution's 7-year citizenship requirement for serving in the House.    Now, in Smith's defense, James Madison himself argued, and this is a direct quote: ``It is an established maxim, that birth is a criterion of allegiance. . . . Mr. Smith founds his claims upon his birthright; his ancestors were among the first settlers of'' of South Carolina. Mr. Smith was seated and allowed to serve.    And I would ask unanimous consent to put that very interesting article into the record.    Ms. Lofgren. In reading the testimony, Mr. Graglia, I think that you believe Wong Kim Ark was incorrectly decided 117 years ago. Would that be a fair statement of your belief on that case?    Ms. Lofgren. Okay. What about Plyler v. Doe that guaranteed the undocumented children to a right to public education. Do you think that was wrongly decided as well?    Ms. Lofgren. Yeah.    Ms. Lofgren. Right. In reading through some of your other writings, I thought I saw that you believed that Brown v. Board of Education, that declared separate but equal educational facilities were unequal, was also wrongly decided. Is that correct?    Ms. Lofgren. Okay. Well, I'm glad to clarify that.    You know, I think that it's important to not only listen to what our witnesses say but to consider the source, and so I did do some reading and came across this in the New York Times: ``Professor Graglia himself has stirred up plenty of controversy before,'' they stated in their 1997 article. In 1986, he was considered a finalist for a spot on the Federal Appeals Court but later affirmed the Hopwood decision, but the Reagan administration backed away from his nomination after a controversy over his use of the word ``pickaninny'' in the classroom and his apparent urging of Austin residents to defy a court-ordered bussing plan.    I would ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, to put this New York Times article in the record.    Ms. Lofgren. And now I would turn to Mr. Cohen. You have read the statements of all of the other witnesses. Would you care to comment or react to any of those statements?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My time is expired, and I yield back.    Ms. Lofgren. Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to be granted a minute to engage Mr. Graglia to explain why.