    Dr. Evans. Good morning, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members of the House Subcommittee on Research and Technology. Thank you and--for inviting me here to represent my company Dow AgroSciences in this hearing on emerging biotechnology applications.    We trace our roots in agriculture back 60 years, and we emerge from the Dow Chemical Company, a company that has been transforming technology into viable solutions since 1897.    The drivers for application of biotechnology into agriculture are clear. The global demands for food, fuel, fiber, and feed are strong and rising. The solutions to meet this global need must be met within increasing constraints and unpredictability, reinforcing the need to make newer product offerings even more sustainable.    We have all heard of the challenge set forth for global needs by 2050, and between now and that point in time, agriculture will need to produce more food than the sum total of what has been produced in the last 10,000 years. Since their introduction in the mid-1990s, agriculture biotechnology offerings have made significant contributions to global food security, and biotechnology-based crops are the fastest-adopted crop technology in the history of modern agriculture.    If you were to visit an early-stage laboratory in--R&D laboratory in Dow AgroSciences, you would see the tools and techniques that are used in common bioscience endeavors. Early-stage ag biotechnology benefits from the same molecular biology, bioinformatics, DNA sequencing, high-throughput analytical systems, and other advances from basic life sciences that have been funded by federal research.    One of the ways that Dow AgroSciences has benefitted from advances in related fields is by being able to provide input and shape ideas for technology in something like the NSF engineering research centers. Synberc, as has already been mentioned, brings together 37 professors, 18 universities, and 47 companies with the stated mission of making biology easier to engineer. As past Chair of that Industrial Advisory Board, I note that a portion of the companies they are represent established ag companies but also smaller startups with concepts in the agricultural space.    The RC provides a unique precompetitive venue for industry participation and influence in the technology development. And some of the tools that have been developed there are now being brought into our company directly and used by Dow AgroSciences. I recently examined some patent activity by other ag players, and you can see that those technologies are being broadly adopted at the early stages of most of the agricultural companies.    But to really understand and develop a realistic expectation for when these things would appear in agricultural products, you'd have to understand a little bit about biotechnology development timelines. A typical range of development spans seven to ten years and an average investment price tag of over $130 million per product. While laboratory tools and technologies just described play an important role in performing and accelerating that front end, we are still faced with multiple challenges at national and international regulatory frameworks.    Companies can understand and manage the risks related to product performance and customer choice. However, because of the time horizon of nearly a decade and a cost of $100 million, to make informed investment decisions, we need to have a regulatory approval process that is predictable to enable scientific planning. That regulatory process needs to be science-based and proportionate to risk.    In addition to using biotechnology for modern crops, we have an offering in Dow AgroSciences that is based on agrochemicals derived from natural products. We--taken together, products and chemistries that are inspired by natural products account for 1/4 of the global ag chemistry sales. One challenge in developing those natural products, whether for farm or ag, is that we need to attain sufficient productivity to make that product economically viable.    Dow AgroSciences platform to integrate those biotechnology tools, either from external sources or from internal capabilities aimed at rational engineering of our strains is how we use engineering biology in our platform. Nationally funded research has enabled key milestones in that field, but the United States is not alone in recognizing the economic and environmental benefit to be derived from commercial manufacturing of novel natural products or chemistries inspired by them.    So finally, I will propose that a framework for involvement of the federal government can be understood in terms of three C's. Number one, continue to support exceptional science; number two, convene forums for discussion on development and risk-proportionate oversight; and number three, create a strategic vision for the United States biotechnology investments to produce exceptional solutions for the world's most pressing needs.    These actions are important to maintain the United States' position of leadership and development in this technology, and it's an increasingly competitive and global race. Within these fields, these investments provide technology, a workforce of new skill talent and predictable science-based regulatory framework from which companies like ours can make informed investment decisions for products taking over a decade to bring to market.    Thank you.    Dr. Evans. So I think one of the things that you can see looking over the history of this technology space, the United States, through some very aggressive, risky, early technology investments, pioneered the field. I think when people are rewriting--or writing the history looking back from 100 years or so, they will see that these early federal efforts pioneered the field nationally and led globally with the idea that engineering biology could become that next revolution on the scale of technology development along the first Industrial Revolution.    However, as Dr. Serber was showing, there isn't now in the United States a coordinated framework of either the research or of how it can be effectively moved into market acceptance. And so when you look at some of the things that the other countries are doing, they are attempting to make sure that industry and academics are being mushed together to an extent. So the centers that are being funded particularly in the U.K. require some joint industry, government, and academic input. And I continue to point to Synberc as a very good example of that domestically.    But all of this will have the same challenge that the U.S. biotechnology industry had in the mid-1980s when we were trying to apply genetic engineering techniques to recombinant bacteria for release into the environment for bioremediation and other things that are going to be logical outcomes of all of the biome research. So we're going to have paper after paper that says wouldn't this be cool or important if we could do this in engineering a phytobiome? But there's not going to be a regulatory path to get an engineered prokaryotic organism out into the environment because we just haven't dealt with those questions. They were brought up, stopped, and dropped.    And so coordinating that kind of federal research that helps build extramural research centers that might be needed to deal with questions around release will be very important to realize the broad application of some of the engineering technologies that require deliberate release outside of contained fermentation.    Dr. Evans. Not on the last question, I was--on your question before. You know the thing that is important is the predictability. That is what is important for us in, say, the ag industry where our development timelines are a decade. And so when you have policy shifts or in--particularly when you have policy frameworks that don't have a strong science base so that you can bring data to the decision to try to move and have an informed and data-driven process. That's where things get increasingly challenging for us to make investment decisions that are reliable and robust.    Dr. Evans. I think that's a great question. Those are things that have been well covered by the history of the coordinating framework in bringing products through from the--from initial registrations in 1995, 1996 on with the original BD crops.    So both nationally and internationally these products have had a large degree of oversight. There have been hundreds of studies conducted by third parties, so independent researchers. Of course, companies have to provide data. Even the universities that are attempting to move some of these products as they try to get into field trials have to provide safety and environmental data.    So I think the concept of what is there from the large company perspective, we don't see major gaps where we could just try to drive something unregulated through the system. We have a lot of desire to be able to want the public to have confidence in these products because they're going to consume them.    And so the thing we still need though is, you know, after 20 years the regulatory burden, the familiarity with the products, and the technologies don't appear to be decreasing the submission packages or time. And so things just keep getting added and added, and they do not appear always to have a strong scientific base.    And so I think the federal government can help provide some research in some of the questions and independent research by federal land-grant universities and such that could help move that question down the road because we aren't going to be able to feed the population of the planet, as has already been discussed, by simply applying and hoping for the next incremental increase in a breeding approach. There are things that need to be brought to bear in this time frame to 2050 that require novel solutions.    Dr. Evans. I think that if you look at what we need and the students that are interesting to us, one of the places that I get a lot of encouragement is looking at something like iGEM, the program that's focused at not only the college level but there are high school teams competing in iGEM now. And a number of them developed products, concepts, projects that are related to agriculture, the environment. They're very sensitive to detection and remediation.    And so what do you have--what you have in common there is a need to understand questions and to be able to inform ways of thinking about questions that are often not just, say, one gene at a time anymore or even one question at a time. If you start thinking about the interaction of these microbials, these would be multiple microbes interacting with a plant that might be interacting with an insect. So everything about it is interaction-based, and so scientific skills that can help students begin to comprehend interactions.    But those interactions also have an important metaphor, which is interaction with the community at large. Just because we can do something, people need to ask the question should we or how should we. And those interactions of science with their technology at the bench, being able to go have a conversation with someone who is in another department in the school with no science background at all, those skills are very unique and quite lacking. And so we need to be able to integrate a good sense of science, of--across a number of disciplines, but the ability to think and ask questions, at least understand or comprehend questions, that there could be policy or health or ILSI implications is important.    Dr. Evans. Well, I think one of the ways that we have been involved last year with the help of the NSF, the Woodrow Wilson Institute, there was a convening of companies, regulatory bodies, and nongovernmental entities that had interest in the environmental release of microorganisms, whether they be algal strains that might do chemical production or concepts that synthetic biology might want to bring into the environment. That group at least published recommendations where things could go, with some of those recommendations being specific federal funding.    Now, companies I do think need to be able to know where to direct their research, and their research needs to be aimed at their product technology space and legitimate questions around that product area. But there are some things that just are big enough in scope or they are fundamental questions of biology or biotechnology that are more properly addressed in integrative lab studies from multi-university settings or they might be appropriate to be something that would be the outcome of a national lab and a focused program. And--but industry could then, even in that scenario, be an appropriate partner. The--I think the thing from the public perspective is we need to make sure that the public can see transparently where those contributions are being made and----    Dr. Evans. There was in fact a small NSF industry and university consortium that was established at the University of Illinois to try to bring together--it was established at a former nanotechnology center. Well, it still is a nanotechnology center, but they brought in industry that was involved in agriculture, some other industry that was involved in food and diagnostics and medicine to try to come in and bring products to market rapidly that could be based on nanotechnology.    I think if you just step way back--I'm not a physicist, but the thing that nanotechnology did to material sciences has helped re-envision what was possible. We thought we knew what was possible with our understanding of the physics and of the performance of materials at a certain scale, but nanotechnology changed that, and remarkable products and concepts came out of that.    I think engineering biology is doing the same thing to biology. We had a framework of what was possible that was rocked with the development of recombinant DNA technology in the early '80s. Insulin came very quickly after that, a Nobel Prize. Now, we have high school students that could do the same level of engineering that formed early products. And so this is reengineering what is--or reimagining what is even possible using biology for what it's very good at, making things, making nano-structured things. Biology makes wonderfully complicated nano-structured materials in things besides carbon. And so how does it do that? And how could technology be brought to bear to do that?    And so I think it's questions like that that a good, well-thought-out national plan for bringing students and bringing the technology to bear could follow on that metaphor of nanotechnology. And I had to bring in associated concepts of regulatory and safety all at the same time.