    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and again, thanks for holding today's hearing, and thanks to our witnesses for being back with us today, I really appreciate it, especially Mr. Davis, coming from Ohio. Public safety and emergency communications are critical to protecting the lives of Americans. That is why we must ensure that the implementation of FirstNet is very successful. A reliable nationwide network is essential for first responders to facilitate their communication needs and support their everyday missions.    While I understand developing a nationwide interoperable public safety network is a significant undertaking, it is imperative that it is properly established to meet the needs of all Americans, especially our first responders. Furthermore, I am eager to see the future developments, as consultations are underway to better incorporate the States' input into planning and implementation of the broadband network.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to today's hearing, and again thank our witnesses for appearing.    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And again, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Davis, thanks for being here today with us. We really appreciate it, for the update. And, Mr. Davis, if I could ask you, I noted in your testimony that you advocate a regional approach to planning and development, capitalizing in part on the partnership between the States in FEMA regions, and the history of that kind of collective work with regard to the land mobile radio communications. Would you be able to expand on that for us, please?    Mr. Latta. Just not between the States, do you think FirstNet's doing enough to take advantage of that regional approach, then, that you have already been working on?    Mr. Latta. Yes. Would you want to elaborate on that?    Mr. Latta. Would you like to comment, Mr. Kennedy?    Mr. Latta. Let me ask Mr. Davis, if I could, just on a follow up, if you are going to look into the crystal ball and look into the future, where do we need to be with the States and FirstNet right now? You know, where do we want to be in the next year? What do we need to be doing? What else?    Mr. Latta. If I could just touch real briefly--and my time is about up--because, especially when you are talking about the rural parts of the State--because, you know, when I look at my district, in northwest/west-central Ohio, I go from urban, suburban, to very, very, very rural areas--and especially when I am out talking to my first responders out in the rural areas, there is always that question about coverage. And when you have talked to folks in the rural parts of Ohio, I don't care if it is in the northwest, or the southwest, or northeast, or southeast, what are they telling you right now?    Mr. Latta. Right, and--but do they think that they will get that coverage?    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired, and I yield back.    Mr. Latta . Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back, and I believe we have exhausted all of our members here to ask you all questions, but I know on--I want to thank you for your time today. I want to also, from Chairman Walden and also the ranking member, the gentlelady from California, for your time, your answers today. It was very, very informative. And, judging from the folks that were in the audience today, that they had to fight for a seat. But really want to thank you for your time and your effort for being here. Mr. Davis, thanks very much for coming in from Ohio on pretty short notice. Mr. Kennedy, again, thank you for your testimony today. And if there is no further business to come before the committee, we stand adjourned.