    Mr. Whitfield. I'd like to call this hearing to order this morning and, of course, today we're going to be considering H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016, sponsored by Vice Chairman Olson and others.    And at this point I'd like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    About 3 years ago, we had a series of forums on the Clean Air Act, and at those forums we had regulators from various States that came in and testified.    And the gist of the testimony was that the Clean Air Act needed to be revisited. Everyone recognizes that it has been a successful piece of legislation.    But we also know that every State is affected differently by the regulations coming out of EPA and certainly that is true on the proposed national ambient air quality standard that is being reviewed at this time.    And as I said, most of the testimony indicated that there are some areas of the Clean Air Act, because of ambiguities and deadlines set, that needed to be revisited by the--by the Congress.    Now, we find ourselves in a predicament though where the Clean Air Act is one of those polarizing pieces of legislation that has done a lot of good, and it is polarizing primarily because of the Clean Power Plan, in my humble opinion.    As you know, Congress refused to adopt legislation to help the president in his negotiations in Copenhagen or Paris because the majority in Congress simply disagreed with what was being done in that area.    On the other hand, the proponents of the Paris agreement and the Clean Power Plan feel very strongly that the president needed to proceed in that way.    And so, as I said, Congress didn't act. It was adopted by regulation and what has happened is that it has become a polarizing piece of regulation because 27 States have filed lawsuits and we see more and more lawsuits being filed on these regulations coming out of EPA.    So on the Republican side, you know, we sort of drew a line in the sand. Democrats drew a line in the sand. But on national ambient air quality standards, I think many States, whether they be perceived as Republican States or Democratic States, agree that there needs to be some adjustments here, and I believe that is what H.R. 4775 attempts to do.    Now, I am going to just read a couple of comments from our commissioner from Texas and then those on the Democratic side will say well, that's from Texas. But then I am going to read a couple of comments from the commissioner from California.    Mr. Shaw, in his testimony, says that Texas detailed our disagreements with the EPA's conclusions and formal comments during the rule making process. We also traveled to Washington to meet personally with Administrator McCarthy to make her aware of significant flaws in the studies EPA relied on in coming up with this new standard.    The EPA nonetheless lowered the standard and now my agency is challenging the validity of this standard in court, and I won't go into the details of it.    Now, in California, I want to just read an excerpt from a statement there. I don't think anyone views California as a red State, or a Republican State, but this is what the commissioner says.    The new ozone and PM 2.5 standards established by EPA approached the background pollution concentrations in many regions throughout the Nation including the San Joaquin Valley, and we know that Los Angeles can't meet their existing standard, much less this new standard.    Now, I want to just go on and point out that he goes on to say the reality that we face today sets up regions such as the San Joaquin Valley for failure, leading to costly sanctions and severe economic hardships.    We face these consequences despite having the toughest air regulations on stationary sources, the toughest air regulations on farms and dairies, tough air regulations on what residents can do within the confines of their own home, $40 billion spent by businesses on clean air, over $1 billion of public/private investment, toughest regulations on cars and trucks, toughest regulations on consumer products, reduced emissions by 80 percent and still we can't meet the standards.    So I look forward to our discussion today with our distinguished panelists, some from States that are not having a problem, others from States that are, and that's the reality of where we are today.    Mr. Whitfield. At this point, I would like to recognize the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. Mr. McNerney told me you were going to yield in 2 minutes, Mr. Rush, but, at this time, I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Would the gentleman yield to the gentleman from Texas?    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Barton.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. and that concludes the opening statements. So at this point, I would like to introduce our witnesses for the day.    First of all, we have Dr. Bryan Shaw, who is Chairman of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. In fact, what I am going to do, I am just going to introduce you and let you give your opening statement. Then I will introduce each one of you when we call on you.    So, Mr. Shaw, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Dr. Shaw.    And now our next witness is Seyed--Mr. Seyed Sadredin, who is the Executive Director of Air Pollution Control for San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District.    You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much.    And our next witness is Mr. Ali Mirzakhalili, who is Director of the Division of Air Quality for the Delaware Department of Natural Resources & Environmental Control.    Thank you very much for being with us and you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much.    And our next witness is Mr. Misael Cabrera, who is the Director of the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality, and you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you very much.    And our last witness today is Mr. Alan Matheson, who is the executive director for the Utah Department of Environmental Quality.    Thanks for being with us and you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Matheson, and we appreciate the statements from all of you, and at this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired. At this time I will recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The Chair will recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back. At this time, I will recognize the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentlelady's time has expired.    At this time, we'll recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Chair recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back, and that concludes the questions today except for me, and I've waited patiently for quite a while now, Mr. Rush.    But I would just like to make this comment, that certainly Congress has a lot of purposes but one purpose is to provide an opportunity for constituents who have a problem to come and petition the Government for some help, and that is what I view this panel as.    I mean, some of you are having some problems in your States of meeting a Federal requirement. I know that Mr. Mirzakhalili has a different view on some of this than some of you, although he has admitted, I believe, that there are some areas in Delaware that are in nonattainment, as well, but not to the extent that we have in the San Joaquin Valley or certainly Arizona, parts of Utah, or even in Texas.    And one question I wanted to ask you, Mr. Sadredin: In the past the EPA has advised our committee that, while it doesn't consider technological and economic feasibility in setting the standard, it does consider it when implementing it. Would you agree with that, or has that been your experience?    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Right. And that's how many of us feel and the forums indicated that that when you have laws that have been out there for a while even the Clean Air Act, relating to EPA, Congress should be able to respond to address some of these problems that are there.    Now, you know just from the questions today there are a lot of members of Congress who say because it's EPA nothing should be changed because health is the most important issue.    And yet, we do understand that poverty does have a direct impact on health. Clean air is not the only thing. And so the thing that struck me today is listening to the four of you. I mean, you all touched on it a little bit more than our gentleman friend from Delaware.    But you can't meet the standards in many areas. It cannot be done, and so what is the impact of that? What does that mean for the people in your area when you cannot meet the standard? Mr. Cabrera.    Mr. Whitfield. Correct. Correct.    Do you want to make a comment, Mr. Sadredin?    Mr. Whitfield. And Mr. Matheson, I know up in Utah, I mean, even things going on in Asia has an impact on you, right?    Mr. Whitfield. Right. We know the International Monetary Fund is having their meeting in Washington right now and they're talking about world stagnation.    They're talking about excessive regulations, and so Congress does have a responsibility when you have a predicament where a Federal standard cannot be met.    Now, this is the standard for the country but yet under the clean energy plan, which was stayed by the Supreme Court, EPA went to individual States and set different standards in the States for the States. Yet, this is the standard that applies and even when EPA looks at cost they automatically exclude any costs relating to California because California is not going to be able to meet the standard.    And so we have a real problem and one comment I would make about Mr. Olson's legislation is some have suggested that we are mandating that only--it be reviewed every 10 years.    That is not the case. 4775 does not bar EPA from setting a new national ambient air quality standard whenever they want to but they're not required to review it for at least 10 years.    Every 10 years they've got to be required instead of five. So that information is misleading.    And so I want to thank all of you for being here today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to continuing our efforts to try to pass this legislation.    I have some documents here I want to introduce into the record. Have you all seen it? You all seen that one?    So without objection, we'll enter those into the record, and did you----    Mr. Rush. I have two letters, Mr. Chairman, I'd like to enter.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Without objection, we'll enter those two letters into the record, as well, and we'll keep the record open for 10 days.    