    Mr.  Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your testimony. Ms. Miller, thanks. Your testimony is extraordinarily clear and precise, especially in the recommendations.    You recommend that more flexibility is needed under Biggert-Waters. Could you describe that flexibility just a little bit? Flesh that out a little bit more? What would it look like?    Mr.  Pearce. If we were to ask you, would you have a sentence that would clarify that?    Mr.  Pearce. And you think that it completely does that?    Mr.  Pearce. Okay. I needed reassurance. For my friend, Mr. Ross, sometimes has to be at--brand him to make sure. Okay.    And, Mr. Kelley, your testimony seems to hint that there is not much reason for a private market. But that is pretty much in contrast to Ms. Miller's. Do you not find the private market--in other words, she gave three examples. And if three people can get insurance, then it is almost out there for everybody. Do you not find examples of that, or is this something specific to her State?    Mr.  Pearce. But you heard her examples. She gave them, and then they are in her written testimony. This one, this one, this one, went out and they got it, and they got it cheaper.    Mr.  Pearce. And sitting up here, not knowing a thing about insurance, except that I pay for it once in a while, usually my wife does, but not knowing much more than that, it is confusing. And that is all I am trying to solve. I am not trying to pick at you or anything like that. So you don't find the private market as viable as she does? That is all I want to understand.    Mr.  Pearce. Okay. Yes, so that gives me the impression that it is a specialty market for special circumstances.    And, Ms. Miller, again, is that the case that these three examples you gave, they weren't just people going out and shopping off the shelf. These were examples where somebody specifically went and said: Oh, we will insure that. That is pretty easy and that is not like the rest of the flood, or was it kind of a broader market? That is all I am trying to assess.    Mr.  Pearce. Okay.    Mr.  Pearce. Fair enough. I think many of us would like to see that same thing.    Mr. Birnbaum, Ms. Miller adequately points out, and she is talking about making sure that there is viability. Mr. Kelley has, on page 9 of his report, and I am sure you dissected it as well as I did. But on page 9, he has the rating agencies. If you took the time to watch the movie, ``The Big Short,'' and if you watched the circumstances play out, the financial industry had all the rating agencies. And, frankly, they were rigging the game. The triple A's weren't triple A at all. And some people made a whole lot of money by saying they are going to fail, and they did.    So if we were to look at the soundness of the ratings that--the Best ratings I think Mr. Kelley referred to, in your experience, would that tell us that those ratings are going to be adequate? Are they--is that game cooked, too, and we just haven't found it out yet?    Mr.  Pearce. Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.