    Ms. Muniz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the U.S. Department of State's project to build a new U.S. Embassy in London. I'm Lydia Muniz, director of the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations at the U.S. Department of State.    As the single real property manager for all U.S. Government diplomatic properties overseas, OBO manages the design, construction, acquisition, sale, and maintenance of the Department's worldwide property portfolio. That portfolio includes the property platform supporting 275 missions in 190 countries and has over $14 billion in projects in design and construction.    Like you, the State Department is deeply committed to the safety and security of our personnel serving abroad. Every new design and construction project that OBO undertakes meets the security and life safety standards required by law and by our team of experts in the Bureau of Diplomatic Security and within OBO. We work with DS at all steps of the process to ensure that security standards are met in our designs and that security considerations are addressed in our operations.    In 1960, the Department of State opened a new U.S. Embassy in London located on Grosvenor Square. Not surprisingly, security and life safety standards have evolved significantly since that time and the Chancery does not meet current security and life safety standards. In addition, after more than 50 years of occupancy, the facility has aged and is in need of extensive investments in infrastructure.    In 2006, OBO examined several options to renovate the aging Chancery. At that time, a major rehabilitation of the facility was estimated to cost approximately $550 million and to take nearly 7 years to complete. The quandary was that even after such a significant investment, the Chancery would still not meet the most critical security standards.    So OBO began exploring alternative solutions and in 2007 developed a plan to finance a new embassy project through an innovative property swap of existing U.S. Government property in London. The solution would allow OBO to construct a new, safe, and secure Chancery using no new appropriated funds. As envisioned, the project remains financed entirely from the proceeds of sale of existing functional property, and I'm pleased to report that the project is on budget and on schedule to be completed at the end of 2016.    Some have asked about the innovative design of the new London embassy. It is a strong design that meets not only the Department's high standards for security and safety, but also stringent local requirements for design and sustainability. It is essentially a steel-framed cube with a glass curtain wall. The project is efficient, makes maximum use of development rights on limited real estate, and makes use of best practices more than innovation.    This committee has inquired about the use of glass curtain walls. Glass curtain walls are nonload-bearing exterior walls that typically provide for large, unobstructed spans of glass across multiple floors. Curtain wall systems have been used by the design and construction industry since the early 1900s, and the Department has used curtain wall systems in over a dozen embassy and consulate projects since the 1950s.    Among the benefits of curtain wall systems when used with steel frame construction are that they are particularly efficient in terms of space utilization and can be erected faster than a built-in-place solution such as poured concrete, effectively shortening construction durations. More importantly, regardless of design or construction methodology and materials, all new U.S. embassies and consulates adhere to the same security and safety standards.    When looking at the challenges of providing an updated facility in London, the Department could have simply stopped at an expensive major rehabilitation that would have been funded with appropriated dollars and still not resolved the significant security deficiencies. Instead, the Department developed an innovative financial and design solution that will provide for a modern, secure facility at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer. The development of creative solutions, mindful of limited resources, is what government should be about.    We must protect our staff serving abroad, and using the lessons learned over decades, we can design and build embassies and consulates to better serve our mission and colleagues, are a better value to the U.S. taxpayer, and make better use of scarce resources in the short and long term. Security, safety, and excellence in diplomatic facilities are mutually reinforcing, not mutually exclusive.    U.S. embassies the world over serve as visible reminders of America's influence and global diplomatic presence. They are symbols of America's culture and values. Just as importantly, they are safe, secure, and functional platforms from which our staff advance vital U.S. foreign policy objectives. With the depth and breadth of its responsibilities, our embassy in London will soon have a platform that does all of these things and that better supports their critical work with one of our oldest friends and most important allies.    I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Muniz. Let me take that question first and then I'll hand it over to Greg, who is the one who certifies and confirms that these projects meet all of the Department's securitystandards.    I'd like to remind the committee that when a project is certified, what DS is doing and what, ultimately, the under secretary for management is doing is they are certifying a design. The design of the London embassy met all of the very stringent requirements that were provided by Diplomatic Security. It meets those using very complex calculations and running those calculations for hundreds, sometimes thousands of hours. So it is possible to confirm by calculation that designs meet the standards, and that's precisely what was done.    Ms. Muniz. I would argue that we did not start construction. I would argue that we awarded a construction contract as the Department has done since----    Ms. Muniz. --for the last 10 years.    Ms. Muniz. So for years piling and doing the pile caps is considered part of the site work and the site stabilization.    Ms. Muniz. I agree it is an awful lot of work. But under the definitions that we use and have used for years with Diplomatic Security, we do site pilings, and we cap those pilings to stabilize the earth, the soil, and the site before we come out of the ground.    Ms. Muniz. This exact process has been followed with the standard embassy design for 10 years--over 10 years--exactly the same process of awarding contracts, of doing site work, and then of coming out of the ground after certification.    Ms. Muniz. Yes, it absolutely is.    Ms. Muniz. It's an external layer. Curtain walls are differently than a window wall. A curtain wall is not load bearing. In other words, the wall could be removed and the structure would be intact.    Ms. Muniz. I'm very confident.    Ms. Muniz. I do.    Ms. Muniz. I'd be happy to. I'm not sure what this $42 million is about. What I do know is that when we first notified this project to the Hill and, in fact, when we first notified the acquisition of the site, this project is $30 million under those initial notifications and continues to be $30 million under.    Ms. Muniz. I believe what Mr. Linick may be talking about is the fact that when we used ECI, the Early Contractor Involvement, the reason we did that is that to the degree that you can involve the contractor much earlier in the design phase, you can resolve a lot of issues that would later become issues during construction. So it's a way of getting the whole team involved very early.    It is the case that in an ideal circumstance, using ECI, this contracting method, we would have had more pricing information from the contractor. And we did try to obtain that additional pricing information. So I think that's quite right. And that is a tool that we're trying to improve and that is actually an improvement over our prior program where we did not have Early Contractor Involvement.    It is, however, the case that our estimates of the construction contract and of the total project budget are still on target. And, in fact, our budgets are coming in, we're coming in $30 million under our initial proposal.    Ms. Muniz. Let me respond first to your earlier question about the importance of looking at new materials and--new materials for the State Department in any event.    Curtain wall technology is really the predominant technology that is used to build what we call high-rise buildings, and high-rise is defined as anything above seven stories.    What we found as we were moving forward in our construction project is that--in our construction program, rather--is that increasingly it was difficult for us to find large sites in cities that are quite developed and where real estate is quite expensive. So it was really in our interest and the Department's interest to take advantage of technologies that would allow us to build buildings higher and to do that efficiently and economically. So that is the benefit of testing new products or using new products to new standards, such as curtain wall, though, again, curtail wall has been in use in the construction industry since the early 1900s.    With respect to the types of flexibility that we build into our buildings, I'll address first what we do that is nonsecurity related, and then we'll turn it back to my colleague, Mr. Starr.    The Excellence initiative, we've tried to look at a lot of things that are used in industry quite skillfully to make better use of our buildings and make them endure longer. So we have used raised floors and demountable partitions rather than hard partitions so that if we need additional staff or reconfiguration, it can be done quickly and easily at very little expense.    We've also looked, to the degree possible, building in as much efficiency and sustainability as we can to drive down operating costs. That's also an important factor when we select our sites. So we are picking sites that are increasingly closer to the colleagues that our diplomats work with in order to drive down the operating cost of shuttling them 30, 45 minutes, sometimes an hour to visit their colleagues.    So all of these things combined--additional flexibility, technologies that will help us build faster, but also building in places where we can have our diplomats close to the colleagues and the people they need to work with--those are all things that the program is focusing on.    Ms. Muniz. I'm not certain that it did, that we were very clear about when blast testing was going to happen in the succession of the project.    I'd also like to add that certification is done of the designs of a project, and those designs were stamped, and by calculation all of the designs met the rigorous requirements established by Diplomatic Security.    Ms. Muniz. I'm not sure I understand your question. Let me frame it this way. So when a building is certified--and then I'll turn it over to Mr. Starr, who--DS is responsible for those certifications and for their reference to the under secretary for management.    Certification is done of designs of building. By design, engineers calculate that designs meet any of the requirements, including blast loads. That was done prior to the certification of the London embassy project.    Ms. Muniz. Thank you.    I would just add that I believe very strongly that we could build great embassies that project an openness and meet all of the security standards and be in those locations where our diplomats need to be. I really think that these are things that we can resolve. It takes creativity, and it takes an approach to each site that we're able to find really an approach that we're taking now, an original look to see how we can build on that site. But I'm very comfortable that we can meet all the security standards and have our diplomats located where they need to be.    Ms. Muniz. If I could jump in.    Ms. Muniz. I'm sorry. I just want to jump in and give my interpretation of the issue.    I really believe that, first of all, the work that OBO does and DS' certification of our projects is highly technical. You're familiar with construction. It is a very technical field.    I believe the crux of this discussion is a difference of interpretation. We are very clear and believe that the law provides us the right to certify based on designs and on calculations, which is done commonly across the industry. The IG has interpreted that a blast test was necessary before confirming that.    I would argue that blast tests are done commonly--not blast tests--testing of components of buildings are done commonly during the construction phases, and when developers, whether it's a State Department government developer or in private industry, when there is an understanding that any kind of a course correction can be made and all of the standards can still be met, construction proceeds from the beginning with adjustments made during construction so we finish on schedule and we certify.    Ms. Muniz. Thank you for your question.    I think I would argue that we don't have to choose one. We can do both. So I think London is a great example of, as I explained earlier, the Department was faced with a situation where we could have spent $550 million at the time of that estimate. Today that would be $730 million we could have invested in renovating the existing Chancery and it still would not have met security standards. So we had to look at alternatives. We sold existing functional properties in London to finance the current project.    Many of the sustainability requirements of the embassy, the public art requirements for that embassy, were put on us by the city of London and by the borough in London in which we're developing that building. So part of it is, is what we need to do satisfy the local government's requirements for us to build, much like----    Ms. Muniz. --we meet local requirements----    Ms. Muniz. --here.    Ms. Muniz. I'm not sure I understood your question correctly. I think it was, why do we rely on our published policy versus law?    Ms. Muniz. I would say that we rely on the law when it comes to certifications to Congress. I would turn this over to Mr. Starr.    Ms. Muniz. I would like to be clear about the Department's position on this. So, first of all, with respect to this photo, this photo was taken after certification.    Ms. Muniz. The Department--what I explained is that the Department has allowed for years, since 2003, the construction of piles up to pile caps in advance of certification. That has been common practice for over 10 years.    Ms. Muniz. We have not found that. And we certainly have not found that in the case of London.    Ms. Muniz. I'm not sure which project you're referring to. That's certainly not the case in London.    Ms. Muniz. So my comment about this photo is only that this photo shows work beyond the piles. So what we have argued is that it has been common practice in the Department to award a construction contract, I'll be very clear about that, for years, award a construction contract and to allow the beginning of the construction of the piles to the pile cap. We stop prior to the foundation and certainly prior to coming out of the ground. This photograph was taken about 5 months after certification, which is why you do see the building coming out of the ground in this photo.    Again, I want to be very clear about awarding the construction contract. It's clear to me why that would be viewed as commencing construction. And that is a practice that the Department has undertaken for 12-plus years and is simply a practice that we continue to progress with.    I do agree there is this--there is this ambiguity between awarding the construction contract and the certification. But I really believe that we should work together to resolve the issue, because the advances in speed that we have been able to make awarding design-build contracts or awarding contracts and having those piles come out of the ground, and those have benefited the program for over 10 years, have been because we have gone forward with that practice.    So I think we should work to find a methodology that everybody is comfortable with where we can move those projects forward.    Ms. Muniz. I think that's fair. And I think there is a way that we can come to an understanding and brief the committee so that we are all very clear about when construction contracts are awarded, when certification happens, and all of the steps in between. I do think that's something that's achievable.    Ms. Muniz. So we could get back to you on the detailed cost of the curtain wall as separated from the rest of the building.    Ms. Muniz. I don't have that off the top of my head.    I do know that, as you pointed out, on the London embassy, the glass is manufactured in Germany, is shipped to the U.S. for security reasons to be reassembled with the frames, which are manufactured here, and then shipped back.    We, when letting a contract, don't control what we call the means and methods in that construction contract. So we let the contractor find the best provider of any material. My hope is that we will be able to, and Jakarta is an example where we are using a U.S. manufacturer of the glass, as well as the frame. And I think that's the ideal scenario.    Ms. Muniz. Given the holidays, I'm being conservative----    Ms. Muniz. Given the holidays, why don't we give you something early January. We'll try to see if we could break out the cost. Some of this will require us to go to the contractor and ask for their number.    Ms. Muniz. But we could work on it.    Ms. Muniz. We have resolved the VAT tax discussions, and we would be happy to have more detailed conversations in a closed-door setting about the resolution of the agreement. But the conversation----    Ms. Muniz. The conversation has been resolved with the British authorities and we are within our budget and actually below our budget, which had included an estimate for VAT.    Ms. Muniz. It's not just embarrassing, but our bilateral conversations and agreements on VAT with different countries are occasionally privileged. And in this instance, that is the case. But, again, we would be happy to have a more detailed briefing in a closed-door setting.    Ms. Muniz. But the issue is resolved, you will be happy to know. The discussions are closed and we are within the budget.    Ms. Muniz. So the latest on the art acquisitions is we had, you are quite right, contracted with a gallery to provide a monumental sculpture for the outside of the embassy. As you'll recall, we were required in order to get permitting for the building to invest 1 million pounds in public--what would be considered public art, not unusual in large, developed cities. That went towards that contribution.    It is true that the sculpture, as envisioned, was solid granite blocks and my understanding is was too heavy for the position where it was going to be. But we are going to replace it with other public works. The piece in question was not purchased, and the piece was not manufactured, and we have an agreement with the gallery to work out other arrangements for that public art.    Ms. Muniz. So the total art budget is a little over $4 million. As you know, we provide 0.5 percent of all of our construction contract amounts for art programs in our new buildings, new embassies and new consulates. In this instance, because of the 1 million pound requirement to add public arts, we added that, because all of that will be focused on the exterior of the embassy to get our permits.    Ms. Muniz. We can get back to you on whether it was the Borough of Wandsworth or the city of London, but it was certainly a local requirement.    Ms. Muniz. I think the old-fashioned way. We'll have a conversation. We'll map something out. And then we'll come brief to the Hill and to others who are sort of outside the process to make sure that it's clear and makes sense.