    Ms. Bass. Thank you very much for your testimony and, also, for your courage, all of the panelists.    I wanted to ask some questions and really kind of focusing on what are the solutions. I always have difficulty with the idea of the U.S. withholding money, though, because to me it seems like that just increases the resentment of the U.S. So, I am not really sure how that produces reforms.    But my colleague here, Mr. Chair, was just mentioning how in hearings that have been held before, then all of these promises were made and never really enforced. I was wondering if the U.S. has continued to raise that within the U.N., and are there promises that the U.S. could participate in a hearing, too? So, kind of where do we fall in those lists of promises?    And when you mentioned more countries sharing the load, and I looked at the numbers for the European countries, how they have gone down dramatically, have we, the U.S., raised this with the EU?    So, those are a couple of questions that I would like to start with. Then, I have some other questions. I guess I am directing it to Schaefer and Hannum.    Ms. Bass. Within the----    Ms. Bass. Hold on a second. Within the U.N.'s governance structure, because I am not familiar with it, is it possible for there to be a resolution----    Ms. Bass . Demands, that requires that?    Ms. Bass. So, has the U.S. attempted to do that and it has been vetoed by the Security Council or have we not attempted to?    Ms. Bass. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Hannum?    Ms. Bass. Well, I was in South Sudan just a couple of months ago in November. I went there to see the peacekeeping because I had not seen that before. I was extremely impressed with the people that were there, the people that I met. And it was very clear it was dangerous. As a matter of fact, I think the month before I was there several of the peacekeepers had been taken hostage. They were released eventually, but it wasn't like they were just sitting back and watching.    One of the things I worry about is some of the countries like Burundi, for example, that contribute troops to peacekeeping, it seems like it is a way to deal with the employment issue in these countries. And so, I worry about that.    I wanted to know what the role is with the AU. So, we talked about the EU. What is the role with the AU in terms of the accountability and, also, increasing the number of troops that are contributed by AU countries?