    Mr. Salgado. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. My name is Richard Salgado. As director----    Mr. Salgado. Sure. Thank you. My name is Richard Salgado. I'm director for law enforcement and information security for Google. I oversee the company's compliance with government requests for users' data, including requests made under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, otherwise known as ECPA.    In the past, I have worked on ECPA issues as a senior counsel in the computer crime and intellectual property section in the U.S. Department of Justice. Google strongly supports H.R. 699, the ``Email Privacy Act,'' which currently has 304 cosponsors, more than any other bill currently pending in Congress. It's undeniable and it's unsurprising that there is strong interest in aligning ECPA with the Fourth Amendment and users' reasonable expectation of privacy.    The original disclosure rules set out in ECPA back in 1986 were foresighted given the state of technology back then. In 2015, however, those rules no longer make sense. Users expect, as they should, that the documents they store online have the same Fourth Amendment protections as they do when the government wants to enter the home to seize the documents stored in a desk drawer. There is no compelling policy or legal rationale for there to be different rules.    In 2010, the Sixth Circuit opined in United States v. Warshak that EPCA violates the Fourth Amendment to the extent it does not require law enforcement to obtain a warrant for email content. In doing so, the Sixth Circuit effectively struck down ECPA's 180-day rule and the distinction between opened and unopened emails as irreconcilable with the protections afforded by the Fourth Amendment.    Warshak is effectively the law of the land today. It's observed by governmental entities and companies like Google and others. In many ways, H.R. 699 is a modest codification of the status quo and implementation of the Sixth Circuit's conclusions in Warshak.    Two important developments have occurred since I last testified before the House Judiciary Committee in support of updating ECPA back in March of 2013, both of which have a significant bearing on efforts to update the statute.    First, the Supreme Court issued a landmark decision in Riley versus California where it unanimously held that, generally, officers must obtain a warrant before searching the contents of a cell phone seized incident to arrest.    Chief Justice Roberts noted that a regime with various exceptions and carve outs would ``contravene our general preference to provide clear guidance to law enforcement through categorical rules.'' To reinforce the constitutional imperative for clear rules in this area, Chief Justice Roberts concluded his opinion with unambiguous direction to law enforcement. He wrote, ``The fact that technology allows an individual to carry such information in his hand does not make the information any less worthy of the protection for which the Founders fought. Our answer to the question of what police must do before searching a cell phone seized incident to arrest is accordingly simple, get a warrant.''    Notably, this Committee is being asked by some today to jettison precisely the type of categorical rules that the Supreme Court held were imperative in Riley. Doing so would undermine the user's reasonable expectations of privacy and encroach on core privacy protections afforded by the Fourth Amendment. We urge the Committee to reject such pleas.    Second, many States have enacted bright-line rules to bring their State versions of ECPA in line with the Fourth Amendment. Hawaii, Texas, and Maine have all done this. In addition, earlier this year, the California legislature overwhelmingly approved landmark legislation to update California's version of ECPA, referred to as Cal-EPCA. Not only does Cal-EPCA require the government to obtain a warrant before it can compel third-party service providers to disclose content, but it also extends the warrant requirement to communications metadata and data seized that's stored on electronic devices.    States are appropriately recognizing that the Fourth Amendment protections ought to extend to the sensitive data that's stored in the cloud. H.R. 699 represents an overdue update to ECPA that would ensure electronic communications content is treated in a manner commensurate with other papers and effects that are protected by the Fourth Amendment. It's long past time for Congress to pass a clean version of H.R. 699.    Thank you for your time and consideration, and I'd be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Salgado. That's a question I would have to look into as to how the Fourth Amendment applies to Congress, so I've not done enough research to be able to answer that with much confidence. I would say that the changes we're talking about today to ECPA would not in any way affect the investigative powers of Congress.    Mr. Salgado. Again, I'd probably have to investigate that. The Fourth Amendment is what the Fourth Amendment is, so if there is a restriction there that's based on the Constitution, that exists regardless of what we do with ECPA.    Mr. Salgado. I don't know that it would, but I do note that Congress would have all the authority it does now to direct the subpoena to the user to get the information directly from the user.    Mr. Salgado. I'd be happy to answer the question. I don't think it touches on the question of this particular step, this particular bill, but I'd be very happy to look into that for you.    Mr. Salgado. I believe no, it would not be.    Mr. Salgado. Thank you, yes. I certainly can easily burn up the rest of your time with an answer to that question. It is a significant impact on American industry that there's a perception outside of the United States--Europe, it's no secret, certainly holds this perception--that data held by U.S. companies is somehow there for the taking for U.S. Government.    This bill, the Email Privacy Act, is a good step toward getting rid of that misperception, making sure our statutes reflect the true protections that the Fourth Amendment offers.    Mr. Salgado. You know, that may have been done. I'd need to get back to you with that, it's not on the tip of my tongue, to be able to answer.    Mr. Salgado. I think it illustrates the point that the Supreme Court wants us to have bright rules so that the law enforcement officer in the field knows what to do. And when we're talking about the Fourth Amendment and our right to privacy, we're not messing around with gray areas, that we recognize the significance of this right to Americans, we recognize the significance of the privacy interest, we have clear rules, and the rules should be to default to a warrant.    Mr. Salgado. Well, not with regard to what we're talking about here. The agreements certainly talk about how we use the information and where we might be needing to disclose it in order to provide the service. So it's meant to describe to you, and those who are interested in knowing these things, what's happening. But with regard to this bill and the Fourth Amendment, we will honor search warrants that are served on us in valid legal process.    Mr. Salgado. We honor subpoenas but not for content. So we will honor subpoenas for what the statute says we honor subpoenas for. And it's our preference to let users know when we get these requests, unless we are informed by gag order, for example, that we're not able to. So we will honor all of those rules that Congress has set in place and that the Fourth Amendment has established. We also will honor requests to preserve information while law enforcement goes through the effort of getting a search warrant which may take a period of time.    Mr. Salgado. There may be slight differences in how the product works or the policies are slightly different. But, no, generally I think the sort of pattern I'm describing is one that certainly the larger companies here operate under.    Mr. Salgado. Yes, sir. I think that's right. I'm not aware of providers who are producing content on anything less than a search warrant at this point.    Mr. Salgado. I would be happy to try to answer that. It may vary from company to company. In most cases, I think it's fair to say that there would be some short period of time between the point of deletion and when the system purges the content that has been deleted. So there would be some period of time. That time period may vary from provider to provider.    Mr. Salgado. It certainly could. So there may be many communicants involved in it.    Mr. Salgado. Yeah, I agree with that completely. The role of the neutral and detached magistrate in American jurisprudence is a significant one. It's something that really sets America apart from a lot of countries, and gives us a layer of protection to make sure that well-meaning but perhaps poor judgment in some cases is overridden by the cooler judgment of a magistrate who doesn't have a particular interest in a case. It's significant for Fourth Amendment, it's no accident that that is the standard for valid warrants.    Mr. Salgado. I agree completely with that statement. And I think to the point in your question about the movement of users to services overseas, I think that's a natural consequence of the misimpression that U.S. Government has such easy access to the data providers. And it's not true. And this bill will help make it clear. And it will help prevent the fleeing of users to other services based on this misperception.    Mr. Salgado. That's accurate, yes.    Mr. Salgado. I don't think it does. I'm happy to hear suggestions, but my review of Warshak and the bill suggests that they're very consistent.    Mr. Salgado. Sure. I'd be happy to. I think the statistic you're referring to is in our transparency report.    Mr. Salgado. We've been publishing that number for a while here so that policymakers and others can get an idea of what this work is like. The number is actually relatively low, 171 compared to the type of legal process we get.    The 80 percent represents lots of different situations where the emergency doesn't justify the disclosure. Often, the case is that the identifier that's given to us in the emergency request doesn't actually go back to any real account. So there are some services out there where you can create an account using a Google or any email address, and it's not verified that there is such an address. They may use that account to threaten a school shooting or engage in other some violent activity.    The authorities quite legitimately will come to Google and ask us for information about this account that was used to create the account that made the threat. We look in our system, and there is no such account, so the response back is we have no data to produce in response to this otherwise legitimate emergency request. That gets counted as a nondisclosure, and that adds into the 20 percent where there was not a disclosure. There was no responsive data.    That's probably the most common situation in that 20 percent. There may be other situations where the request is coming in and the emergency is over, that the investigation is now actually about a historical crime, there is no ongoing threat of loss of life or serious physical injury, which means it's inappropriate to be using that authority to get the information.    And we are able to, at that point, say this doesn't look like an ongoing emergency, we can preserve the information, and when you come back to us with the legal process, we can promptly disclose.    Mr. Salgado. That's right. The statute----    Mr. Salgado. The statute says that we are allowed to disclose if we have a good faith belief that there's an emergency.