    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing today.    The United States has an interest in making sure that around the world, particularly with allied nations, human rights and democracy are respected, whether their leaders fall on the right side of the spectrum or the left side of the spectrum, whether they are liberal, or conservative, or communists, or fascists, making sure that these nations have leaders who respect their people. That means respecting the institutions of democracy. And what we have seen in Nicaragua is especially troubling.    And so, I look forward to the testimony and thank you for holding the hearing. I yield back.    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chair.    Let me ask you all about Nicaragua's involvement with Russia and China. What is the extent of those two nations' involvement with Nicaragua?    Mr. Castro. Is there a foreign aid component from either of those countries over Nicaragua that you all know of?    Mr. Castro. Sure. Did you have something? Okay.    And can you describe the status of our security cooperation under CARSI and how that is coming along?    Mr. Castro. And also, Nicaragua is party to CAFTA, right?    Mr. Castro. What effect has that had on the country?    Mr. Castro. Okay, thank you.    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chairman.    I have a question on Nicaragua and energy. Nicaragua does not produce oil and has long been dependent on imported fuel oil to generate electricity. My understanding is that Nicaragua has recently invested heavily in renewable energy, wind, solar, and geothermal, in particular. So, my question is, has the U.S. played a supporting role in this transformation and can Nicaragua's renewable energy transformation be replicated across the hemisphere.    Mr. Castro. Thank you. And then a question about the Chinese canal that is being built. How likely is it that Inter-Oceanic Canal underwritten by Chinese billionaire Wang Jing will actually be completed? And what implications does construction of the canal have for China-Nicaragua relations and Chinese involvement in the country?    Mr. Castro. Thank you. I yield back.