    Mr. Buck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, welcome. You have been here for three and-a-half hours now. The lights are hot and I notice that you have gone through your water. Do you----    Mr. Buck. Oh, okay. Okay. Good. Because I have heard about dehydration affecting people's judgment. I want to make sure you weren't dehydrated today.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And you don't have pneumonia?    Mr. Buck. Okay. Good. I wanted to make sure. There is been a lot of talk from the other side of the aisle about due process. And I want to make sure that we have the same understanding of due process. You went to a great law school. You worked for a great law firm. You are well versed in the law and understand due process. And I was a Federal prosecutor. I worked with special agents from the IRS.    When they presented a case to me for charging, I didn't have to talk to the defendant. I didn't have to re-interview the witnesses. The level of due process in a charging decision is simply the person charging making a best effort to determine whether there is guilt or not. You understand that, do you not?    Mr. Buck. Right. And you would be charged. You would be tried by the Senate with the chief justice sitting, and you would receive due process on the Senate side. To say that there is no due process----    Mr. Buck. I understand that. But in a charging decision--the Committee's history is one thing. But in a charging decision, the level of due process is based on the judgment of the individual or group charging, not the trial. The trial has a whole different level of due process than the charging decision.    For somebody to say that you have received no due process when you are testifying here, and you have testified in OGR, is just not true.    Mr. Buck. And the defendant has a right in a grand jury proceeding to be present?    Mr. Buck. Okay. I appreciate----    Mr. Buck. I want to move on.    Mr. Buck. We disagree. I want to move on.    Mr. Buck. You are familiar, I take it, with title 44, United States Code section 3103 which deals with retention of records. And the people that work for you are familiar with this also, are you not?    Mr. Buck. Well, let me read it to you. ``The head of each Federal agency.'' Would you agree with me that you are the head of a Federal agency?    Mr. Buck. Okay. ``Shall make and preserve records containing adequate and proper documentation.'' You have a duty to preserve records that have documentation. Is that your understanding according to the archives?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And those records may contain essential transactions of the agency. So that is the type of records that you have to maintain are essential transactions----    Mr. Buck. And you understand that Lois Lerner's emails were essential transactions of the agency.    Mr. Buck. Okay. But her emails were important to Congress to determine which were essential and which were not essential. Nobody went through the emails before they were destroyed in West Virginia to determine what was essential and what was not essential.    Mr. Buck. So would you agree with me--that is the statute. I have just read you the elements of the statute. Would you agree with me that as the head of the Federal agency that you violated that statute?    Mr. Buck. And this is not a criminal statute, sir. This is not a criminal statute. There is no criminal penalty associated with it. This is the statute that defines what records need to be archived and the duties of the head of the agency. Would you agree with me that you violated those three elements as I described them to you?    Mr. Buck. But you have now filibustered me out of time. I can't ask you, but there are strict liability crimes. There are other crimes where you don't need to have the intent.    I would yield to the Chairman.    Mr. Buck. Yes.    Mr. Buck. Yes. I yield to the Chairman.