    Ms. Shea. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to talk about GAO's review of VA's practices for leasing major medical facilities. VA operates the largest healthcare network in the U.S. with over 2,700 facilities, nearly half of which are leased. Many of VA's facilities are aging, and to replace them and expand access to veterans, VA has increasingly turned to leasing rather than construction and ownership to provide these important services to veterans.    Over the past 10 years, the number of medical facilities leased by VA grew to just under 1,300 facilities, 57 of these were major medical facility leases, spaces with average annual rent in excess of $1 million.    Today, I will discuss our June 2016 report, the focused on factors affecting VA's decisions, cost estimating process, and alignment with GSA requirements.    Turning, first, to the factors effecting VA's leasing decisions, we found that VA leases major medical facilities, because leasing can more quickly result in a finished facility and because it provides VA flexibility to relocate at the end of the lease term, which is limited to 20 years. In fact, VA cited flexibility to move in all of its major medical lease proposals since 2015, including some in which VA estimated the construction of its own facility would be less costly.    According to VA, moving supports changing priorities such as meeting requirements for veterans access and changing security and compliance standards. As we have noted in our past work, disposing of federally owned facilities can be difficult, suggesting a certain level of support for VA's argument for this flexibility. However, VA does not assess whether or how it has actually benefited from this flexibility when justifying its leases.    In our June report, we recommended that VA annually assess how it has used the flexibility afforded by leasing and provide this information to Congress in its annual budget submission. Doing so would enhance the transparency of VA's decisionmaking and provide Congress with important information it needs for authorizing and funding decisions. VA agreed and plans to do this moving forward.    Turning to VA's cost estimating process for leases, we found VA's process met several but not all of GAO's standards for reliable cost estimates.    In particular, VA's process was comprehensive and well-documented, but it did not account for common and sometimes large variations between the estimate and actual facility cost. In fact, for 18 of the 23 leases we reviewed, the actual lease costs were at a minimum 15 percent above or below the initially proposed lease cost usually because of changes to proposed design.    For example, actual cost for VA's San Francisco facility were 26 percent over the estimated cost while actual cost for the Montgomery, Alabama, facility were 44 percent below the original estimate. Providing Congress with more accurate estimates would support its authorization in funding decisions.    Accordingly, VA recently issued a new design guide to reduce the risk of changes after proposing leases to Congress as well as a lessons-learned study to identify improvements for its cost estimating process. However, it is still early, and the success of these initiatives or leases currently in the pipeline will depend on how well VA implements them.    Lastly, we found that VA has made progress meeting GSA requirements for delegated leasing authority. For example, as a result of VA's new training and management review process, GSA is now able to approve VA's proposals more quickly. However, few of VA's high-cost leases have gone through GSA's approval process, and their complexity can make it more difficult to align with GSA's requirements.    In closing, VA should begin implementing our recommendations by collecting the information it needs to assess how it has used the flexibilities afforded by leasing. Doing so will enhance the transparency of VA's decisionmaking process and provide both VA and Congress with data to make the most informed decisions.    VA should also monitor whether its recent changes such as the design guide, lesson learned, and management review process are working as intended so they can make timely adjustments if necessary.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This ends my prepared statement, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Shea. Well, what we looked at in our report was the process that VA goes through to decide if it should lease. We looked at 51 leases that were proposed to see whether leasing was the right approach. And in all 51 of those leases that we reviewed, they indicated that they required the flexibilities that come with leasing. And sometimes this could even be when the choice to lease was more than the choice to own or construct. This goes back to one of the reasons we made the recommendation that VA does need to provide information on how it has used these flexibilities.    For example, with the requirement that leasing has for the VA to vacate after 20 years, are they--when they need to find a new leased space--still leasing in the same area: are they really having to move because the patient demographic has changed; or are the seismic security and other standards really not that different from when the lease ended?    So there are a lot of things that, on its face, seem like the flexibility is useful for VA, but they aren't collecting any of the information to demonstrate how it has used that flexibility. Did they move? Did the patient demographic change? Did the seismic and Federal security standards change? Did they record that? Did they then show how they benefited from that flexibility, and that they need that moving forward?    And so we made that recommendation to VA, and they have agreed to do that and include that information in its prospectuses going forward.    Ms. Shea. We didn't look at the time to build or lease in this report, but we did look at the time to deliver a facility through leasing in the 2014 report. And we found that there are still delays in that process, but most of those delays were in the upfront side before they were delivered, and the delays were on average 3.3 years. And we don't have comparisons to VA construction, but based on some of the other construction work that we have done, there are generally longer delays for construction.    Ms. Shea. Right. And that is a bit outside of the scope of this review, but we have in our other work for real property used the FRPP and looked at that extensively. And perhaps at the hearing that you are referring to, my colleague Mr. Wise mentioned that there are fewer than half of the Federal properties that are in that database because if you have independent leasing authority, you won't be in that database. So VA is in that database, but we didn't look to see how its own internal database for properties compares to the FRPP.    Ms. Shea. I think GAO is always in favor of having centralized data that we can look at, so yes.    Ms. Shea. When VA first started going to GSA for delegated leasing authority, they had a bit of a learning curve. And since that time, they have done three key things, including, as Mr. Sullivan mentioned, a management review process so that every single one of the proposals--before it gets put into the database--gets reviewed to make sure they have got all the right documentation. They also ensure that all of their contracting officers received this training that they needed to understand GSA's requirements and to make sure that they had all the documentation at the ready.    And lastly, according to both GSA and VA, there is a lot greater coordination among the two, and there are, for example, weekly meetings to discuss the issues. I guess the issue for us is that they have implemented this process, and that is all a very good thing. But that is mostly for the lower, the non-prospectus-level leases. They have applied that to those. It may be harder to make sure that the prospectus level leases are in alignment with GSA's requirements. And so it is something that they are just going to have to test and see how well it works and continue to monitor those new practices and make sure that they are working for the larger leases as they move forward.