    Mr. Smith. The hearing will come to order and good afternoon to everybody.    We are here today to examine the global impact of nutrition and supplements during the first 1,000 days of life, a period from conception to roughly age two, and how we can leverage U.S. taxpayer funds to achieve maximum results.    As you know, this subcommittee has played a key role in advocating for an enhanced focus on food security. For the past two Congresses, I have been working on authorizing legislation for our flagship nutrition and food security program, Feed the Future, and worked very closely with Dr. Shah before he left USAID, on crafting that legislation.    I authored the Global Food Security Act of 2015, H.R. 1567, which passed the House in April, as did its predecessor bill in the last Congress, thanks in large part to the leadership of Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who has a very personal and key interest in ensuring that this legislation becomes law.    Today's program also follows upon a hearing we did in the latter part of 2015 called Food Security and Nutrition Programs in Africa, which highlighted the role implementer play on the ground as well as a hearing we held last Congress that we called ``The First One Thousand Days: Development Aid Programs to Bolster Health and Nutrition.''    For this afternoon's program, we will step back and take a look at the role played not only by the U.S. Government, which has been pivotal, but also the United Nations.    Thus, we will be hearing from USAID's Assistant to the Administrator Dr. Beth Dunford, who will relay to us remarkable results that USAID-led Feed the Future initiative has achieved in reducing stunting by emphasizing those first 1,000 days and the implication of those results for developing nations that are seeking to grow not only their human capital but also their economies.    We will also be briefed first by Ajay Markanday of the Innovations Food and Agricultural Organization. Part of our ability to leverage U.S. funds depends on our partners who play key roles in enhancing food security throughout the globe and none is more important in this regard than the FAO.    I want to highlight that in his statement there is an underscored in a key point of this hearing the rationale for supporting proper nutrition is not simply a moral imperative but it is also economic.    It has been long established that malnutrition undermines economic growth and perpetuates poverty. Indeed, there is perhaps no wiser investment that we could make not only in an individual person but also in the economies of the developing world than to concentrate on ensuring that sufficient nutrition and health assistance is given during those first 1,000 days of life.    Children who do not receive adequate nutrition in utero are more likely to experience lifelong cognitive and physical deficiencies, due in particular to stunting. UNICEF estimates that one in four children worldwide are stunted due to a lack of adequate nutrition.    The African Union Commission's Cost of Hunger in Africa study estimated that the economic costs associated with child under nutrition are substantial, from 2 percent to 16 percent of the gross national product in several African nations.    For instance, this cost was estimated at $4.7 billion in Ethiopia in 2000 alone, which is equivalent to 16 percent of Ethiopia's GNP.    Conversely, by helping women throughout pregnancy receive adequate nutrition and supplemental micro nutrients such as iodine, Vitamin A, and folic acid, and ensuring that they are well nourished by nursing, children and mothers thrive.    To give one example, studies indicate that if we provide women of childbearing years with the recommended dose of folic acid during the 3 months prior to pregnancy and during the first month of pregnancy, the risk of autism spectrum disorder, or ASD, is reduced by a whopping 40 percent.    We do look forward to hearing some of the results that USAID has been able to accomplish with regard to reducing stunting, again, attributable to the Feed the Future program.    It is also my hope that as we look now to the next administration that we will be able to enshrine food security and nutrition as a firmly planted cornerstone of U.S. policy.    Consider how President Bush beginning in 2002 had the initial foresight to elevate the import role of food security in U.S. foreign policy, especially in Africa, via the Initiative to End Hunger in Africa, or the IEHA, which was funded through development assistance and implemented through     At the same time, the Millennium Challenge Corporation began making substantial investments in agriculture-led economic growth programs, particularly in Africa.    This is a policy course that President Obama has continued and built upon with the Feed the Future initiative instituted at the G8 meeting in Italy in 2009 when the countries of the world came together to ensure that we cultivate resiliency in food insecure countries so they can withstand the next food crisis such as what we saw in 2007 to 2008, a crisis that Dr. Beth Dunford was on the front lines in battling.    It is my hope and the committee's hope that the next administration, whomever the President may be, will build upon this and continue that focus, for by addressing nutrition during the first 1,000 days of life we can help ensure that the next 25,000 days, or whatever the number our Creator has allotted for that individual, are filled with good health.    I would like to now yield to my good friend and colleague, Ranking Member Bass, for an opening statement.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Ms. Bass.    I would like to now point out that pursuant to committee rules we will suspend the hearing and convene an official briefing in its stead to receive a statement from Dr. Ajay Markanday of the Food and Agricultural Organization.    He is the director of its liaison office for North America and is an expert in sustainable agricultural development with over 35 years of experience in over 20 countries, having served in a number of international development agencies. He is uniquely positioned and has a keen understanding of the importance of leveraging international organizations to further global development goals and initiatives.    He has earned many accolades and commodations for his efforts in promoting global food and nutrition security and most recently received and was recognized by the Prime Minister of Cambodia for his work on the country's agricultural and food security program.    Mr. Markanday, the floor is yours.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Markanday, thank you for your excellent statement, even more so your extraordinary leadership. And without objection, your full statement will be made a part of the record.    I just want to say, I know that the rules preclude us asking a number of questions. But I would want to thank you for underscoring the importance of the Decade of Action on Nutrition, and it does coincide, I believe, in a very good way, a synergistic way with the post-2015 Sustainable Development Goals so that--but it is a matter of prioritization with the SDGs.    There is so much in the SDG mandate that nutrition could easily get lost. So having that decade of action, having your leadership, of course, having Dr. Dunford's leadership and the leadership of the U.S. Feed the Future initiative hopefully will keep this front and center because this is a winnable initiative.    And every time we win we collectively--the international community, women, children, and families' lives are enhanced. It can't be said enough, and Dr. Dunford says in her statement that in 2011, 45 percent of child deaths, 3.1 million children, were attributable to undernutrition.    That is, in a way, a scandal that we haven't even done more to eviscerate that causation of death, which we could do, I believe. Thanks also for recognizing the generosity of the American public. We often get criticized that on a per capita basis we don't provide enough. Very often not on the ledger or airlift, what our military does, working side by side with USAID and NGOs.    I myself and certainly Piero, we have been to the typhoon that took place in the Philippines and the military was there working side by side and if they were not there many more lives would have been lost.    And there was the USS Abraham Lincoln and a few years before that when the tsunami hit Banda Aceh and other areas they were there saving lives and none of that ever gets calculated in terms of costs.    So I do believe the American people are very generous, as are other countries, and we do, as you pointed out, we need to demand accountability. We do do oversight. We need to do more of it and I thank you for ensuring that your money that you are allotted from multiple sources is well spent on behalf of people.    I would like to yield to my friend. Thank you. Do you have any other comments you would like to make? Because your statement was excellent.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. And Mr. Markanday, also--and you'll never have this problem but compassion fatigue is a problem we have to be careful about.    I will never forget after the first drought--man-made drought by Mengistu in Ethiopia everybody was on board. We are the world. When it hit the second time it was like been there, done that, got the T-shirt. People were not interested. It was horrible because people were dying.    So, again, you're part of the leadership that ensures that these individuals are never forgotten. The emphasis on not just saving lives, but enhancing your ability to get a better education and to go on to raising more dollars by way of their capabilities for their families, it's a win-win-win all over the place. So thank you again for your leadership.    Thank you. We would like to now resume our congressional hearing and again thank Mr. Markanday for his appearance here today and his insights.    We would like to welcome to the witness table Dr. Beth Dunford, who is the Assistant to the Administrator in USAID's Bureau for Food Security as well as Deputy Coordinator for Development for Feed the Future, the U.S. Government's global hunger and food security initiative.    In this dual role, Dr. Dunford coordinates implementation of Feed the Future across the U.S. Government, a whole of government approach, oversees its execution, reports on results, and leads engagement with the external community to ensure that food security remains high on the development agenda.    Dr. Dunford also oversees USAID's technical and regional expertise focused on improving food security to sustainable reduce hunger, poverty, and undernutrition.    A career Foreign Service Officer, she most recently served as Director of USAID's Mission in Nepal and has also served in Ethiopia, Afghanistan, and a number of roles in Washington. Please proceed as you would like.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much for your excellent testimony. Without objection, your full, very extensive commentary will be made a part of the record.    And just a few opening questions and I yield and to my good friend, Mr. Clawson, and then maybe have some follow-up questions at the end.    You have pointed to some excellent results in Cambodia, Honduras, Bangladesh, for example. I know when we spoke privately you talked about what was going on in Nepal.    Mr. Smith. Which you might want to elaborate even further on, particularly that way of--I know it's not a food security issue but that great birthing technique that you were meaning to elaborate on when we last met, particularly with regards to the umbilical cord, which saves lives.    But Nigeria is one of the worst of the worst when it comes to the loss of childs' lives both neonates--newborns and unborn children--and I am wondering if the new government has been responsive to initiatives.    Of course, they are challenged with Boko Haram. We all know that. I know that children in the three northern states particularly are probably even more malaffected than anyone else. But if you could speak to some of the other African nations but particularly Nigeria.    Mr. Smith. You mentioned the importance of faith-based organization and private sector. Are you finding a lot of buy-in from the faith-based community when it comes to these initiatives? Are they included in a robust way by the governments? I know our own seeks and reaches out. But are the other governments doing it as well, particularly in the 19 countries where we are--we're involved.    And secondly, if I could just ask you with regards to the post-2015 SDGs and, of course, the Decade of Action on Nutrition. I am always concerned when there are so many aspirational goals, targets, indicators and the three-pronged approach with the post-2015 that there is so much people then don't prioritize and do as much as they could, particularly on such a life-changing, life-enhancing initiative like Feed the Future.    To ensure that we don't get lost in other good things but they get crowded out by trying to do it all. Your thoughts on how we can keep this prioritized going forward between now and 2025 with the decade and also 2030 with the post-2015.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. In your testimony, Dr. Dunford, you talk about the 11 different Federal agencies for the whole of government initiative. Of course, that language is reflected in our bill--both the Senate and the House bill.    And the list includes, of course, the Office of the United States Trade Representative and I am wondering--you know, there are--there are agencies that are all in and doing more--just because of what their past has been, especially your leadership, how helpful has that Office of the United States Trade Representative been?    I've been in arguments with them over TPP and other issues. I think you have, too. But it seems to me that this is a golden opportunity. Just like the World Bank has done such extraordinary humanitarian work in a number of areas and most people, when they think of the World Bank, don't automatically think of that.    So if you could maybe----    Mr. Smith. Can I ask you how well-coordinated is the effort to ensure that folic acid is included? As I think I know and I might have commented this to you when we met, I wrote three laws on combating autism including the Combating Autism Act.    The Autism CARES Act just became law, and the most recent compilation of NIH research suggests three studies that say the--children on the spectrum can be reduced by 39 percent with 400 micrograms of folic acid per day as long as it's 3 months before actual conception and no later than 1 or 2 months after conception.    After that, it's helpful but not determinative and it also reduces spina bifida and other neurological problems.    I'm wondering how well can you coordinate that to ensure that that's part of the package. In the year 2007, I was with my staff director for this subcommittee, in Lagos and I gave a speech on human trafficking.    And a man came up and said well, what are you doing about autism in Nigeria. I said, nothing. We had dinner that night and it was a learning experience for me to find out how much unmet need there is in Nigeria and the rest of Africa.    The WHO has said there are tens of millions of autistic children in Africa, largely underreported and not getting anything like early intervention. But folic acid could be not a panacea but part of the solution and I'm wondering how well that's integrated.    Mr. Smith. That would be great, if you would.    Mr. Smith. And for the record, how much are we spending on Feed the Future in fiscal year 2016?    Mr. Smith. Okay. Are there any other questions? Unfortunately, we are being called over for a vote.    Mr. Smith. And I apologize for that.    Mr. Smith. We are planning a meeting and I would hope you and Mr. Markanday, if you would consider this as well--we are going to invite the Ambassadors from Africa and other countries, particularly developing countries, to a forum on Feed the Future.    We are hoping that Roger Thurow--we have asked him already and he seemed very interested to come and speak about the all-important first 1,000 days.    But, of course, what follows is important as well.    Mr. Smith. But it would be a great opportunity for all of us to encourage the Ambassadors to be in contact with the home front and home office and health minister to say okay, we've all signed up, scaling up, but what are we really doing--are we really making this a priority?    Because the intentions are great in many capitals but competing challenges sometimes crowd out this highly efficacious effort to help women and children.    So if you would at least consider being part of that panel it would be very, very helpful.    Mr. Smith. As soon as we get a date we will get to you. We are trying to find out when the African Ambassadors especially would be most available. But we're also--we want the other Ambassadors to be there as well.    I was actually in Guatemala the day they signed up with us to work on the first 1,000 days, and I met with the Speaker that day and was--you know, he was all in and very excited about what it would do for stunting in Guatemala.    So is there anything else you would like to add? And I have more questions but we are almost out of time because of the vote.    Mr. Smith. My colleague, Mr. Clawson, raised some, I think, interesting points about microcredit lending. I have actually authored two laws on microcredit lending and the biggest takeaway I had about all of that was how well women were able to take modest amounts of money and almost like the loaves and fishes multiply the effect.    Fed not only their families but hired people, paid back the loan so that the revolving funds were back into the kitty to help other people.    But I'm wondering, maybe as a question, do you find that there is a good interface between Feed the Future initiatives, private sector, NGOs, FAO, of course, and yourselves and the micro lending initiatives as well?    Mr. Smith. Okay. But again, we appreciate your efforts because you guys are walking point and doing a tremendous job. Thank you for your personal leadership, expertise, and determination.    The hearing is adjourned.