    Mr. Rokita. I thank the Chairman. Thank you for coming, it is good to see you. On behalf of the Governor of the State of Indiana, Mike Pence, and many of us in the State, thanks for working with us on what we call ``HIP 2.0,'' consumer driven health care, that I think will be a model to help the Department and others around the country really get at cost constraints while serving more people. Thank you for your cooperation and leadership in that regard.    Mr. Rokita. I wanted to talk to you a little bit about the budget this morning. I thought I heard in your opening statement that you were able to get savings from Medicare and Medicaid, or did I misunderstand that?    Mr. Rokita. I heard Medicaid and Medicare reforms.    Mr. Rokita. You did not mean spending reforms or did you mean spending reforms? What is the effect of the reforms?    Mr. Rokita. Over the 10 year window?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you. In your written statement on page two, you say that taken together, there is an estimated savings of $242 billion over 10 years. What is the difference in those numbers?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you. How do you save, in terms of Medicaid particularly, how do you save money when I thought CBO's January report said Medicare spending will grow by $200 billion in 10 years, what is your--    Mr. Rokita. Medicaid.    Mr. Rokita. Okay. What do you think about flexibility grants or block grants or making finite--instead of an open-ending fee for service kind of structure--what about taking a finite amount of money and saying look, this is what you have to spend, State X, find out who really is poor, what the poor really need, and how the poor should get it?    Mr. Rokita. That example is a little extreme. That is what a supplemental funding measure could be for, something like that. We do not have to--    Mr. Rokita. Well, it is an expression that Congress can act in emergencies, and you are describing an emergency. You are not describing day-to-day, in Puerto Rico. I am running out of time, so thank you.    This is not meant to be a political ``gotcha'' in any way, but I clearly remember and see evidence where the President in 2008 when he was running for office the first time said he would be able to lower insurance premiums with his Affordable Care Act at $2,500 per family on average.    Your testimony describes the fact that we have slowed the growth in health care costs. What happened? What is different?    Mr. Rokita. He said lower premiums.