    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. I will keep my comments short so we can hear from the Ambassador.    Obviously, as we look at the South Asian region, we look at India, we look at Pakistan, the relationship is incredibly important, particularly as the changing mission in Afghanistan is--the role of Pakistan and India in stabilizing the region is incredibly complex and important.    It is an honor to welcome Ambassador Olson to the job. I understand this is your first month on the job, so looking forward to working with you and looking forward to furthering the relationship between the United States and South Asia and stabilizing the region. So thank you.    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    As an Indian American, and the only Indian American Member of Congress, the stability of the region is incredibly important to me and it is one that I have spent a lot of time thinking about and very much interconnected when you think about India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Again, it is not easy.    On the counterterrorism side, you know, I think post-Mumbai in 2008, India demonstrated incredible restraint in its approach to Pakistan. Pakistan, as, Ambassador Olson, you mentioned, it is the 1-year anniversary of the horrific Peshawar school shooting. The fact that I would have expected Pakistan to have a much more robust crackdown on the terrorist threats, on the LET and the Haqqani Network and others. From our perspective, I think from the perspective of the Indians, there is almost this side-by-side relationship in Pakistan with some of these terrorist networks that, you know, almost symbiotic. They live side-by-side. From your perspective, what are the steps that Pakistan's Government, its military, needs to do to reduce the terrorist threats? Because, again, in some ways, it is almost as though they allow these networks to exist in Pakistan to destabilize the region or to have this constant threat on India.    Mr. Bera. And it does still appear from my perspective that there is this coexistence, that they tolerate some of these terrorist networks. Looking at kind of projecting out, as India undergoes this dramatic growth in its economy and GDP, I do worry that Pakistan seems to be stagnating, and as you see the ways of life change in these two countries that have a tense relationship, it does worry me a little bit that Pakistan doesn't seem to be developing its economy, doesn't seem to be building those institutions that would create stability. And in many ways, the civilian institutions that you would want to create a more stable Pakistan, those investments certainly aren't occurring.    I know we have over the years tried to create schools, tried to create civilian institutions that would, you know, create some stability. From your perspective, Ambassador Olson, where should the United States focus? I would say that I am critical that much of our focus has been on military sales, which I don't think stabilize the region. In fact, I think they destabilize the region. If we were to focus on civilian institutions, where would you suggest that we place our focus?