    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to welcome back the commissioners. You have all been very, very busy and we appreciate the dedication of your time and effort.    I believe this hearing at the subcommittee level provides our committee members the opportunity to have a better dialogue with all of you, with the commissioners, to better understand the assumptions and the details behind the recommendations.    As we continue this dialogue over the next several months, we will have a hard look at 15 recommendations. And we are interested in being sure that any action that the Congress takes will preserve the All-Volunteer Force as an underlying principle. And we know you understand that as well.    Some of the recommendations may take longer to fully understand before we can act. And we know it would have been very difficult actually to have sustained our All-Volunteer Force over the past 13 years of war without the current compensation system that we have today.    But we are entering a new reality. Fiscal pressures with the new generation of citizens entering the military, and it is time to look at this and to look at it responsibly.    The commissioners and their staffs have certainly, as I said, put in serious effort into this. And we, Mr. Chairman, as I know you believe, must do the same. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to follow up with this because I think the health care piece is really such a critical one.    So you mentioned the fees that physicians would receive. What other systemic issues did you see in TRICARE that could not be fixed easily, or----    Mr. Buyer. Well, one of the systemic issues is one that you have to deal with every time.    So what does the building do? Basically you have a structure of TRICARE that has a limited provider network. It is very cumbersome with regard to its scheduling. And that is the access getting into the system. Not only to primary care, but then also then to specialty care.    You went through all the debacle with the VA , right. And what upset a lot of people, yes, that there were delays in getting those appointments. The greatest insult was the integrity issue, right, at the VA.    We have that very same issue in DOD with regard to access to care and the delays of getting my primary care appointment and to specialty care appointments.    Mrs. Davis. Yes, and----    Mrs. Davis. One more?    Mr. Buyer. Ma'am, one of the biggies is utilization, utilization management. So when you say where does a big chunk of savings come from? It is going to be in improved utilization of program management. And so our modeling estimates about $5.2 billion in savings because the TRICARE model does not have this right now.    Mrs. Davis. As you move in talking about the military Federal employee benefit plan, would the MTFs not be utilized? And is that not a problem as well?    General Chiarelli. It is absolutely critical that they be utilized. It absolutely----    Mrs. Davis. But what if they go outside the system? Wouldn't they go outside the system?    General Chiarelli. That would be available in all our plans to be used by dependents. So dependents will have the opportunity either to go on the market to a private provider or to use the MTF.    The MTF--this is going to strengthen the MTF. And I would just remind the committee, the number one requirement that we have a separate health care system is combat medical readiness, the ability to pick up doctors and move into a field of battle.    Everything we do with this system has got to be built around ensuring, as I mentioned before, that the individual that is wounded on the first day of battle gets the same kind of care that the person on the first day of the 13th year of battle. And what we have to do is improve the kind of procedures and cases that are seen in the MTFs. And we think this will do that.    Mrs. Davis. In your discussions though did you talk about what if that is not the case? What if they do go outside the system? Wouldn't that be more expensive? And they didn't utilize the MTF.    General Chiarelli. No. They would be billed in the same manner. The MTFs will bill for--as part of the insurance market. As part of the insurance plan they will bill.    So I think in some instances they will go outside. But that is one of the reasons why we think the Readiness Command is absolutely essential is that Readiness Command has to be there to oversee this whole process and ensure that we are making the right investments in personnel and in our MTFs to make them viable providers as part of that insurance plan.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Can you help me understand a little bit more about the continuation pay? Because the plan has--the continuation pay bonus has a 12-year mark. Correct? And service members can be encouraged to stay until 20, but it only requires 4 additional years.    But you are assuming, I think, that the continuation pay would be invested into the service member's respective retirement plan. Is that true? And what if that assumption doesn't bear out?    Mrs. Davis. And I guess the bottom line too, Mr. Higgins, is so what is the comparison on the monthly current system and proposed system at that point in time, so after the 12-year mark?    Mrs. Davis. And we are roughly talking about?    Mrs. Davis. Is the whole program impacted if they do not do that? I mean does it rest on that assumption?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. I might just add because we had actually a meeting yesterday around some of the stand-ups of multiple commands at times that perhaps were not appropriate.    So I think that is partly where some of those questions are coming from as well. And just being able to really explain why it is and justify, which I think members are going to be looking for.    General Chiarelli. It is $50 billion. It is a big hunk of money. And when you look at the VA portion, although you know that is a separate bucket, you are talking over $100 million in health care. So it really does need someone to ensure that it is being done as efficiently and effectively as possible.    I would also add that the formulary issue is--you asked me another issue and I am going to keep pounding on it every time I come up here. This formulary issue is absolutely essential.    And I will tell you that piece of paper that came out on the 20th from the Veterans Administration has not fixed that issue. It has not fixed it. And we really, really need to rationalize those two formularies.