    Mr. Quaadman. Thank you, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee.    Markets provide investors with the opportunity for return, and businesses with the potential to grow. Markets must have an even playing field and certainty in order to achieve these purposes. But we also live in a global economy.    So this past February, the Chamber released a report entitled, ``International Markets: A Diverse System is the Key to Commerce,'' which was written by Professor Anjan Thakor of Washington University.    And what the report found was two things: first, for businesses to operate in this global economy, they need to have diverse forms of financing; and second, capital will go to those markets that are most efficient, and businesses will go to where the capital is.    Therefore, in this global competitive environment, we have to keep in mind that the United States is not the only destination for capital. Indeed others, including the European Union today, are currently considering proposals to make their market-based financing more efficient in order to spur their capital formation. So these bills and the hearings that the subcommittee has been holding this year are very timely.    The business development corporations are filling a void for the midsized businesses and provide an alternative means to raise capital as other options have dried up over the years. We want to thank Mr. Mulvaney for introducing the Small Business Credit Availability Act, and we support it.    While BDCs have only been in operation since 1980, it is only in the last few years that they have become an attractive means of capital formation for businesses. Indeed, the Chamber has supported past bipartisan efforts to increase BDC activity. And we believe that this bill addresses the concerns that were raised in prior legislative debates, as well as by the SEC.    This bill will provide greater capital and flexibility investments while still having BDCs as a regulated entity. BDCs will increase, but still on a limited basis.    The Chamber also supports robust disclosures and investor protections of BDCs so that retail investors have both the opportunity to understand the upside, as well as the risk of investing in BDCs. We believe that the Mulvaney draft bill achieves that purpose.    I would also like to address the H.R. 2187, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. We need to have limits to allow sophisticated investors to invest in private companies and to access complex investment vehicles. We need to do this to ensure that unsophisticated investors are not harmed.    The Chamber supports objective tests such as asset and income thresholds to determine accredited investors. Mr. Schweikert has thoughtfully pointed out that there may be some on the periphery who should be allowed in. And we have some suggestions on how to improve the bill.    First, those who are licensed and certified to sell securities should be considered to be a sophisticated investor, but with caps to ensure that their investments match their financial wherewithal. Secondly, we understand the intent behind the FINRA test and think it is an innovative way to get at the solution. However, the test is also subjective.    We would prefer that the SEC be authorized to study the issue. What are the characteristics of a sophisticated investor? What are some of the innovative ways to bring those in, in a safe manner? And then to have the SEC report back to this committee as to what those innovations should be. And that those should be brought in under limited circumstances.    Additionally, we have concerns on the language regarding the use of financial intermediaries conveying an accredited investor status to retail investors. While we understand the intent behind that provision, we are concerned that the exception will subsume the rule, that it will also place some unsophisticated investors at harm, as well as increase liability for financial intermediaries. But we think this is a good step forward, and we are happy to work with Mr. Schweikert to make the bill a reality.    The Chamber feels that these bills will enhance the competitiveness and increase opportunities for return, growth, and job creation. We look forward to working with the sponsors of this legislation, both bills, with the subcommittee, and to improve them as well as to include these vehicles into a JOBS Act 2.0 that we hope can become law in this Congress. Thank you.    Mr. Quaadman. Sure. Chairman Garrett, you raise a very good question, because we have a robust private company market.    Most businesses in the United States are private. So what we need to do is ensure that we have capital flows into those private companies to ensure that they have the liquidity to grow and operate.    What is also important is that with public companies, we have a vast amount of disclosure with the notion that investors can go in there and make whatever decisions they want because they can access the information.    What we want to do with the private companies is ensure that you have people with the knowledge base and the wherewithal to go in there and to invest in companies.    Mr. Quaadman. Sure, Chairman Neugebauer. Just two points I wanted to make with that.    One is if this bill were to pass, become law, we would see the activity move forward. I think this is also a great example of something that should be taken up by Mr. Hurt's retrospective review bill that was raised in the last hearing, that the SEC can come back in 5 years and take a look at the activity to see if anything needs to be changed, or how BDC activities can be changed more to become a better capital formation facilitator in the marketplace.    The other point I just wanted to raise, too, and this goes back to the last question with the 50 percent cap, my recollection is with the previous bills that were under consideration the last Congress, there was no such cap. So this 50 percent cap in the Mulvaney bill actually provides a low or potentially lower level to financial companies, which I think actually helps operational companies in that regard.    Mr. Quaadman. Sure. Chairman Huizenga, the point I was trying to make is in the previous BDC legislation that was considered in the last Congress, there was no such 50 percent cap on financial companies. So, theoretically, a lot more than just 50 percent could have gone in.    The current draft actually provides a ceiling. So theoretically, with that ceiling you would have a certain amount that would have to go to operational companies.    Frankly, if you take a look at the BDC model historically, they are going to be investing in operational companies anyway. But I think this creates a ceiling where there hadn't been one before.    Mr. Quaadman. Okay. Mr. Arougheti, you had the microphone there for a second. Why don't you talk a little bit about the adequate protections that you thought were in there for those investors? And that seems to go back a little bit ago, so I don't know if you remember uttering that, but I do--    Mr. Quaadman. I believe you are correct, and that is one of the reasons why we said there should be an SEC study to see exactly what those characteristics are.    Mr. Quaadman. So we think Mr. Schweikert is going down the right path. But maybe it is also good to have the SEC look at it and then report back as to what some of those substantive different changes should be.    Mr. Quaadman. My concern there is you could take an unsophisticated investor and effectively use the accredited investor patina of the broker-dealer and then transfer it over to that unsophisticated investor. And that is why I think there are some issues where, even though there is advice that has been given, the unsophisticated investor, just by definition, may not necessarily understand the risks that are involved.    Mr. Quaadman. Yes, and that is where I think we need to get to is that you need to ensure that the investor has a level of knowledge where they can understand what the risks are that they are undertaking. And then you also want to have something else underneath to make sure that the risks that they are taking are commensurate with their financial experience.    And you can take the flipside too, because if you take a look at the bright line test, right, what is interesting there--because I talked to somebody who was at the SEC in 1982. They picked those tests because they couldn't really figure anything else out at the time.    Mr. Quaadman. Yes. Just to--investment advisers are extremely concerned about the fiduciary duty role that it is going to have a very significant impact on their ability to invest.    In fact, we issued a study last week that 9 million small businesses in the United States are going to be prevented or severely crimped in their ability to provide retirement vehicles for their employees if that rule goes through.    Mr. Quaadman. Yes. We are seeing very severe problems in terms of access to capital, primarily with small businesses and larger businesses. Part of it is the slow implementation of Basel III, which is slowly drying up bank loans. But we are also going to see if total loss absorbency coverage goes through in 2019.    That is actually going to siphon hundreds of billions of dollars of capital out of the global markets. So what we are seeing is we are seeing this slow combination of events happening where logically, each of these different regulatory initiatives would make sense by themselves.    When you put them together, they have very dramatic impacts. And what we have seen, and this is a Census Department report I had mentioned, I think in April, that we are seeing a net destruction of firms in the United States over the last 6 years.    So we are not seeing the smaller firms being created at the same rate that we used to. So the BDC legislation is good that we are helping the middle-market companies and the like. So, but we need to help the smaller guys as well.