    Mr. Meadows. The Subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I ask unanimous consent that our colleagues Mr. Mica and Mr. Palmer be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    I now recognize Mr. Connolly, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, for his opening Statement.    I will let you go first, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Virginia.    And rarely do we share the same kind of background that we do today. Actually, my grandfather worked on the railroad for security in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. There was never a more honest individual or a hard-working individual. In addition, I have one of my dearest friends, Forrest Jarrett, who is a retired security gentleman from one of the rail industries. And he's admonished me: Whatever you do, be good to the guys that work on the rail.    And so it is with that in mind that not only do we hold this hearing but that we look to address some of the bad actors as the ranking member is talking about. We're here really today to perform one of the committee's core function, and that is protecting the taxpayer dollars from waste and fraud. And, in this case, we're also trying to protect the wallets of every single railroad customer in the country.    And the chain of events that brought us here today actually started in the late 1990's when a group of doctors, RRB employees, and union officials, and railroad workers in the New York area conspired to defraud the Railroad Retirement Board--or its disability program. And this fraud scheme that they cooked up was fairly simple: Union officials and RRB employees connected some railroad employees with crooked doctors who sold phoney paperwork for cash in my opinion. And the railroad employees took phoney paperwork to the RRB to support their claims for disability payments. Now, unlike the gentleman to my right's grandparents and relatives and my grandfather--we couldn't imagine that happening from somebody in our family. And so that is what has brought us here today. By the time they were caught, the fraud ring resulted in the RRB awarding $1 billion worth of bogus disability claims.    As we're going to hear from two of our witnesses today, the RRB remains at risk for similar scams still today. If we could start the video please. What we're about to look at here is a Long Island Rail Road employee who was simultaneously earning a fifth degree black belt in jujitsu. Now, when this video was filmed, the man was collecting occupational disability benefits from the RRB.    Mr. Meadows. And, according to this man's disability application, he suffered from severe pain in his shoulder, lower back, and neck. Maybe it's because of all of this activity. He claimed the pain was so severe that he had a difficult time standing, sitting, walking, bathing, and dressing. And the RRB claim examiner determined that he was no longer capable of performing his job because of his physical condition.    I would ask each one of you, what do you think?    Had the RRB claims examiner had access to this video, I hope that things would have turned out differently. But, even still, without the video, there would have been other things that should have struck the examiner as odd. For example, in his last 17 months as a railroad employee, he worked about 1,500 hours of overtime, including the day before he retired with disability working overtime. He claimed that he had trouble doing the basic tasks, to manage the work, massive amount of overtime until the very last day of retiring. But the RRB claimed that examiners don't ask those sort of questions. As the inspector general will tell us, they just rubber stamp it.    Now, the man in the video was only one of many individuals involved in this fraud scheme. There were others who were observed by the investigators competing in golf tournaments, playing tennis, participating in a 400-mile bike ride, and even hiking Mount Kilimanjaro. The RRB's disability benefits program is a crucial safety net for rail workers who are injured due to the demanding nature of the job. And we must protect it from fraud so that it can serve those who suffer from legitimate disabilities.    Now, all of this came to light in 2008. And the IG began making immediate recommendations addressing the potential areas that undermine the disability application process. And the first of the IG's recommendations was in 2008. And, since that time, the IG has issued nearly 70 other recommendations in response to the Long Island Rail Road fraud scheme. Yet, according to the IG, it appears that only 5, get that, 5 of 70 recommendations have been fully implemented. February of last year, the inspector general issued a 7-day letter. Now, a 7-day letter is kind of a last-resort tool that the inspector generals use. It's kind of basically like the government's equivalent of pulling a fire alarm, saying, Wait, we got a real problem here.    So what's the fire? Well, the national approval rate for disability applications remains just as high as it was when the LIRR fraud scheme was bilking the RRB out of billions of dollars.    Sounds like not much has changed. And I look forward to hearing from Mr. Dickman and Mr. Bertoni about the problems that they have identified and about their recommendations to fix those problems. But what I real want to hear today will come from you, Mr. Schwartz. You can tell us why these problems still persist and haven't been fixed after all these years. More importantly, when can we expect to hear that the RRB is finally taking some meaningful actions to ensure that the program remains available for those that are truly in need?    So I would like to thank all the witnesses here today for joining us. And I look forward to hearing your testimony. And, with that, I want to hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written Statement.    Mr. Meadows. We will now recognize the panel of witnesses.    I'm pleased to welcome the Honorable Martin Dickman, inspector general of the Railroad Retirement Board.    Welcome, Mr. Dickman.    The Honorable Michael Schwartz, Chairman of the Railroad Retirement Board; and Mr. Daniel Bertoni--is that correct? Close enough?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Bertoni, Director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security at the Government Accountability Office, also known as the GAO.    Welcome to all of you.    And, pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. I'd ask that you please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. And, in order to allow time for discussion, I would ask that your oral testimony be limited to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made part of the record.    I would like to go ahead and recognize our first witness, Mr. Dickman.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Dickman.    I would be remiss, I appreciate not only your staff but your leadership on this. But I would be remiss if I didn't say that we have got a great staff here, both on the majority and minority side.    Mr. Meadows. So much of what we do is actually their hard work and certainly not as much ours.    But we'll go ahead and recognize Mr. Schwartz for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Schwartz.    Mr. Bertoni.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you so much.    This is a, what we would normally call a fly out day. And so in the interest of being sympathetic to some of our members that may be flying out soon and that have a real interest in this, I'm going to recognize the vice chair of this subcommittee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the ranking member, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Meadows. I think we're OK. Thank you. Thank you for your graciousness.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Schwartz.    I thankthe ranking member.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Schwartz, let me--if the gentleman would yield for just a second. How many are eligible to get benefits? What's the total number? It's not 200,000, is it?    Mr. Meadows. Qualify either 10 years or 20 years, the whole----    Mr. Meadows . OK. It's about 70,000----    Mr. Meadows . Yes.    Mr. Meadows . Yes. I guess----    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    Mr. Meadows. OK, the gentleman's time is expired, but you can answer that question.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, and we are going to have another round so if you would like to sit around.    The gentleman from Florida is going to have to leave so the chair recognizes the gentleman for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Florida for his leadership, not only on this issue many years ago but certainly for his leadership on other transportation issues.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama who has been involved in this particular circumstance for many months, if not longer.    And Mr. Palmer, from Alabama.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Palmer, your time is expired. And we are going to have a second round so if you can hang around. If not, I will let you ask one last question.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this particular issue. I'm going to ask a few questions.    Mr. Dickman, what incentive is there to prevent fraud? I mean, when we really look at this in terms of is there any incentive to deny claims under the existing policy that Mr. Schwartz has had in place?    Mr. Meadows. But culture is an ambiguous thing, and so I guess what I'm saying, is there any review process or anything that gives a rating to those that would deny a claim? I mean, are you aware of any matrix that is out there?    Mr. Meadows. At the present time.    Mr. Meadows. OK. Mr. Schwartz.    Mr. Meadows. Let me--you actually have a chairman and ranking member that has a great affinity for railroad employees and the union, which is----    Mr. Meadows . Is rare to have this. You also have a ranking member and a chairman who loves railroad management.    Mr. Meadows. That is unusual to find those two. And I think both the union, from what I understand, both the union and management hate fraud.    Mr. Meadows. Both the union and management wish we weren't here today, you know, and so it's unique to have that kind of group together.    And I guess my question to you, Mr. Schwartz, we have got recommendation--70 recommendations.    Mr. Meadows. And you implemented five. What happens to the other 65 recommendations? Do you just look the other way?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I appreciate you sharing that here at this hearing, Mr. Schwartz. My understanding is they sent you a list, and you never responded. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. You are under oath, so I mean----    Mr. Meadows. So is that, Mr. Schwartz is that your general counsel behind you? I mean, is your general counsel here today? You have got somebody behind you that is here helping you with this testimony? I guess the question is, do you want to turn around and ask them if you have gotten letters that you have not responded to with the IG because we have information that that's the case.    Mr. Meadows. OK, there's 13 recommendations. So I will be specific; 13 recommendations that the IG has made to you that you just didn't respond to. Does that mean that you don't intend to respond to, that you haven't had time, or you are just ignoring them because you thought it would go away?    Mr. Meadows. Well, it's hard for us to believe that when we have had 70 recommendations and only five implemented. And Mr. Bertoni was talking about--let me quote him--``There's only been limited progress,'' I think was his words, in responding from you, Mr. Schwartz. And not just you, but the other members of the Board that are not here, and you know, you are catching the heat today, and perhaps we have to have another hearing to have all three of you if--but you are the Chairman, and so I--why would Mr. Bertoni say limited response, Mr. Dickman have 13 issues that were not responded to, and you in your testimony lay out a grand plan of how you have got this all under control. So is it is all under control?    Mr. Meadows. All right, when will they be--when will they be implemented?    Mr. Meadows. All right. And so what about Mr. Dickman's recommendations, the 13 nonresponses? Are you going to respond to those 13?    Mr. Meadows. Even if it is that we reject----    Mr. Meadows. OK. That's fair. So let me go on a little bit further because this is all about cooperation.    Mr. Meadows. I think most of us here believe, I can tell you, I can't even imagine climbing Mount Kilimanjaro or a 400-mile bike ride, and I don't get disability. So what, you know, you laid out a great plan in your opening testimony. But how much of that plan has just been derived for this hearing? Because my understanding is a lot of that hadn't been communicated in terms of the new plan. When did you start working on that because you said 2013, but you just meant the task force was 2013, isn't that correct?    Mr. Meadows. How much of the plan has happened in this year? How much of your plan? If we were to ask for documents, how much of the plan actually happened since you were notified that there was going to be a hearing?    Mr. Meadows. How much?    Mr. Meadows. How about after the 7-day letter? How much of it came after the 7-day fire alarm?    Mr. Meadows. So every bit.    Mr. Meadows. So my question is, why would Mr. Dickman have to go through such extreme measures to pull the fire alarm, to say, Mr. Schwartz, to get rid of a guy who is getting jujitsu, why would he have to go through that to make you respond, Mr. Schwartz?    Mr. Meadows. OK, I'm going to ask one last question.    Mr. Meadows. And then allow the ranking member to ask a few questions before we recognize the others. I have a real concern----    Mr. Meadows . About your willingness to solve the problem and work with the GAO, and the IG. And you have got sympathetic guys up here that don't want to hurt anybody. We want them to have that safety net. Yet, at the same time, when this committee asked you for particular documents, we have to review them in camera--or had to review them in camera, and you made it very difficult for us to get the documents for our review. Do I have your commitment today that that will change?    Mr. Meadows. That's not the question. That's a great answer to a question I didn't ask. Do I have your commitment today that that will change? Because if not, Mr. Schwartz, let me assure you, you have enough people both on the Democrat and Republican side that we can do the research and it may be laborious for us, but we want to get this over with quickly; solve the problems so that your--the folks that depend on this safety net can depend on that money being there.    Mr. Meadows. And that we actually address this problem. But I'm not going to let this go on for a long time. So do I have your commitment that you are going to not make my staff have to go through all kinds of laborious, systematic ways to get information and that you and the other Board members will commit to being transparent, and give this committee what it needs?    Mr. Meadows. Thank you very much. I recognize the ranking member--oh, we have got the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, is here and so I would recognize her for a series of questions.    Mr. Meadows. All right, I recognize the ranking member for a second.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Dickman.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Schwartz, I'm going to recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, but I want to say one thing is--I want to make it clear is--I don't necessarily agree with all of the recommendations that Mr. Dickman made but, certainly, with a lot of them. But, for instance, you know, there's some audit suggestions that he recommends that I don't necessarily agree with. And so what I'm asking you is to get serious because we have got an obligation to Mr. Dickman as the IG, to Mr. Bertoni as the GAO. Both of them are paid to make sure that the American taxpayers are protected. And, right now, you just heard the ranking member, I don't know that there is that confidence there, and so I need the message that you take back is this is not going to go away. We expect this to be addressed in very short order, or we will have another hearing. And, as uncomfortable as this may be today, it can be a lot more uncomfortable.    I mean, I think history and YouTube will show you that this is a fairly benign hearing compared to some that happen here.    And, with that, I would recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Schwartz, you can go ahead and answer that, but the gentlewoman's time is expired.    Mr. Meadows. You can answer that.    Mr. Meadows. All right, I'm going to recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, but let me make sure I'm clear on your testimony.    Mr. Meadows. Your testimony is that the three-member Board has provided a good check and balance up to this point? Is that your testimony? I mean, we have seen guys doing all kinds of things, so the three-member Board is a good check and balance based on what we have already seen?    Mr. Meadows. So it is a good check and balance in other areas?    Mr. Meadows. All right. The chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for remaining over and not going back to God's country quickly so he could participate.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his insightful questions.    And I would like to thank all of the witnesses for you taking the time today to answer these.    I want to close with these very brief remarks. And that is, Mr. Bertoni, Mr. Dickman, we have had sworn testimony today that Mr. Schwartz--and I assume I'm speaking on behalf of the other two Board members that are not here, that they acknowledged that you are here representing the Board--has agreed to work with the two of you in terms of implementing those recommendations.    So here is what I would ask of you, Mr. Schwartz. We want--we want real progress.    Mr. Meadows. That is made in very short order. A 9-month, 10-month delay is not good enough. Much of what you talked about in your opening testimony sounded great, but it gave very little incentives in terms of denying claims that are fraudulent. It gave very little in terms of going back to revisit those who are getting benefits that may have gotten benefits for something that was temporary in nature; i.e., a broken arm where they would have been awarded some kind of disability, and yet, from the documents we have, there is no revisit of them that that arm could heal. They could continue to receive benefits.    And, with that in mind, Mr. Schwartz, what I don't want to happen is for another New York Times reporter to be waiting for a tee time and find somebody teeing off ahead of them getting full retirement. And, under your scenario, wouldn't you agree that today that some of the egregious things that would happen could still be happening. Wouldn't you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. So it could still be happening.    Mr. Meadows. So here is what I ask of you: In the next 120 days from this hearing, I want to make sure that there is correspondence with both the GAO and the inspector general and this committee.    Mr. Meadows. And I want tangible--this is what we have implemented, and these are the results. And then, from there, we are going to revisit this entire thing.    Mr. Meadows. Another 90 days after that, assuming that we made real progress, we won't have to have another hearing. Assuming that you continue to give the documents the way that Mr. Palmer has asked for, the committee has asked for, and you have assured me, we won't have to have another hearing. I don't want another hearing. All I want you to do is fix the problem and make sure that our railroad workers have the safety net that they want and need and deserve and have paid for, and yet, the bad actors are rooted out.    From an employee standpoint, I am going to administer what I call the Forrest Jarrett test. He is a long--loves the rail, has retired, and it is his life. And so I'm going to look at it from his perspective from an employee standpoint. So I will have that balance.    But I have your assurances, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So, with that, if there is no further business, without objection, this subcommittee stands adjourned.