    Mr. Emmer. Well, I echo my colleagues' comments. I want to thank the chair for holding this important hearing and I just want to thank everyone, not only the witnesses, but everyone else who understands the importance of this issue and has taken time to be here today.    It is amazing how this place works. Things are planned all at the same time and typically the same committees, but that shouldn't be taken as we don't think this is important. This is of paramount importance. So my apologies for coming in late. My thanks to the chair for having this important hearing and for all of you being here. And let us say the discussion and the testimony and the issue needs to be at the forefront and we need to keep raising it so people understand they can't just ignore it. You need to call things what they are and you need to address them when they occur.    So again, thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you to the witnesses.    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chair. A couple of questions. I will try not to cover old ground. The first one and I think what I will do is start with Mr. Cukierman.    Can you outline for me, briefly, what measures the Jewish communities in France are taking for their physical safety right now? We have heard testimony and I am aware that there are some resources that have been deployed, but what are the communities themselves doing to protect themselves?    Mr. Emmer. Yes, but then the problem is not being addressed apparently in the public schools or is it?    Mr. Emmer. Mr. Asmussen, same question. What are the Jewish communities doing in Denmark since the incidents to protect themselves?    Mr. Emmer. We have a bit of that in this country as well.    Mr. Lauder, and thank you for that. In Minnesota, the chairman referenced the accent. We have a phrase, I don't know that I want to open this can of worms, but I think I am going to. We are talking about what the Congress might help with, what this country might help with, what we could do. What about the organization known as the United Nations?    Ambassador Lauder. It is a joke.    Mr. Emmer. I am going to open that can of worms. If you could just give an idea. Is the United Nations a lost cause when it comes to this? Is there something that can be done through that organization?    Ambassador Lauder. Of the 25 recent cases of attacks on what should be done in religion, 23 were against Israel. The United Nations is perhaps one of the most anti-Israel, anti-Jewish organizations there.    Mr. Emmer. Can I ask a question that is very direct? The response or lack thereof by the United Nations, does that also fuel in your opinion of an increase in anti-Semitism?    Ambassador Lauder. Everything fuels it. The real question is if you have a case where one country, if Canada attacked Minnesota with 4,000 rockets and you responded and all of a sudden they took Minnesota to the International Criminal Court for what you did to protect yourself, how would you feel? And the International Criminal Court, I believe, has something to do with the United Nations. That is a symbol of what is happening.    And we spoke before about UNRWA and the fact that Palestinians are still receiving refugee status where the 800,000 people who left the Middle East and came to Israel and things like that, don't get refugee status. It is a dual standard that goes on and on. It is something that I know that the committee knows very, very well. The real aspect is this is something that has been anti-Semitism since almost right after Abraham. It is something that we have seen all the time.    What has happened recently is that anti-Semitism has started to kill people, has started to become radicalization and it is one group of people who are doing it and the world is turning its back on it and not really necessarily going after it.    Mr. Emmer. And I will be done, Mr. Chair, but I think you made the point and it was an artful answer. When everyone----    Ambassador Lauder. It was a diplomatic answer.    Mr. Emmer. Very diplomatic answer and I do appreciate it and respect it. But if our institutions that are there, I mean we are talking about the media on one hand and there is an issue with education in sensitivity and awareness. But when the very institutions that are created to promote peace and to try and help resolve conflict, actually don't do that. In fact, by their actions, some could interpret it as fueling the conflict. It is not very helpful and I don't know if that is the case, but that is what I was asking.    Ambassador Lauder. That is the case.    Mr. Emmer. Thank you.