    Mr. Esser. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, good morning. My name is Michael R. Esser. I am the Assistant Inspector General for Audits at U.S. Office of Personnel Management.    Thank you for inviting me to testify at today's hearing on the IT security audit work performed by the OPM Office of the Inspector General.    Today I will be discussing OPM's long history of systemic failures to properly manage its IT infrastructure, which we believe ultimately led to the breaches we are discussing today.    There are three primary areas of concern that we have identified through our audits during the past several years: information security governance, security assessment and authorization, and technical security controls.    Information security governance is the management structure and processes that form the foundation of a successful security program.    For many years, OPM operated in a decentralized manner, with the agency's program offices managing their IT systems. The agency's CIO had ultimate responsibility for protecting these systems, but often did not have the access or control to do so. The program office staff responsible for IT security frequently had no IT background and performed this function in addition to their other full-time roles.    As a result of this decentralized structure, many security controls remained unimplemented or untested, and all of our FISMA audits between 2007 and 2013 identified this as a serious concern.    However, in 2014, OPM took steps to centralize IT security responsibility with the CIO. This new structure has resulted in improvement in the consistency and quality of security practices at OPM. Although we are optimistic about these improvements, it is apparent that the OCIO is still negatively impacted by years of decentralization.    The second topic is security assessments and authorization. This is a comprehensive assessment of each IT system to ensure that it meets the applicable security standards before allowing the system to operate.    OPM has a long history of issues related to system authorization as well. In 2010 and 2011 we noted serious concerns in this area, but, after improvements were made, removed it as an audit concern in 2012.    However, problems with OPM system authorizations have reappeared. In 2014, 21 OPM systems were due to receive a new authorization, but 11 were not authorized by year-end. Recently, the OCIO has temporarily put authorization efforts on hold while it modernized OPM's IT infrastructure in response to security breaches, and so it is likely that the number will increase. While we support the effort to modernize systems, we believe that authorization activities should continue.    The third topic relates to OPM's use of technical security controls. OPM has implemented a variety of controls and tools to make the agency's IT systems more secure. However, such tools are only helpful if they are used properly and cover the entire technical infrastructure. We have concerns that they are not.    For example, we were told that OPM performs vulnerability scans on all computer servers using automated scanning tools. Although OPM was performing the scans, our audit also found that some were not done correctly and that some servers were not scanned at all.    One significant control that is lacking altogether is the requirement for PIV credentials for two-factor authentication to access information systems. We also determined that OPM does not have an accurate centralized inventory of all servers and databases. Even if all OPM security tools were being used properly, OPM cannot fully defend its network without a comprehensive list of assets.    In closing, it is clear that even though security responsibility is now highly centralized under the OCIO, the recent security breaches indicate that OPM still has significant work to do to identify all of the assets and data that it is tasked with protecting and then take the steps to do so.    Thank you for your time, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Esser. Yes, sir. The most critical weaknesses that we identified in our FISMA report from 2014 were the continued information security governance problems that have existed since 2007, the decentralization of the controls over systems. That, however, is an area that is certainly close to being improved to a full extent.    Another area of weaknesses were the security assessments and authorization, which is each system that OPM owns should go under an assessment every three years and be authorized for usage. We identified 11 systems at the end of 2014 that had not been authorized that were due to be authorized.    The technical security controls was another big area that we identified. While OPM has implemented a number of strong tools and is improving in that area, our concern is that some of those tools were not being used properly and that they do not have a complete and accurate inventory of databases and servers that those tools should be applied against.    Mr. Esser. I don't know that I could give a grade.    Mr. Esser. Yes, sir.    Mr. Esser. I don't know the exact details of how this breach occurred, so I really can't answer that question. Certainly there are a lot of weaknesses at OPM that they are in the process of trying to address.    Mr. Esser. No, sir, I do not. There are very sophisticated attackers out there and there is no one silver bullet I think that can be applied that will prevent these types of things from happening.    Mr. Esser. Certainly, there are a lot of things that can be done to make our systems more secure. Is there something that can be done to make them impenetrable? Not that I am aware of.    Mr. Esser. I agree with what the other witnesses stated. Like Ms. Seymour just said, we, as the IG, go out and we do audits of contractors, health insurance companies, the background investigation companies, as well. So we can be used and see ourselves in that role.    Mr. Esser. Well, the risks are evident that not having a valid authorization essentially could be a symptom of weak controls over operating systems and applications, and lead to things such as a breach.    Mr. Esser. There are essentially no consequences. We report that in our FISMA audits, but other than that there are no official sanctions in place. It is something that gets publicized, and that is the extent.    Mr. Esser. Yes. Yes. We do recommend that the CIO, the agency take the steps that in a lot of cases they are beginning to take. The centralization of the IT governance is well along the way. What they also need to do is get a full inventory of the assets that they are responsible for protecting.    The shell project that Ms. Seymour has alluded to earlier is also something that we support. We also have some concerns about the way the project has been started and managed, but overall we support the idea behind the shell project.