    Ms. Emerson. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, members of the subcommittee, thank for the opportunity to appear before you today to address the Department of Homeland Security's efforts in enhancing employee engagement.    I am Catherine Emerson, the Department's first career Chief Human Capital Officer. I'm responsible for the Department's human capital policy, which covers recruiting, diversity inclusion, learning and development, and workforce planning in support of DHS's mission. My office supports employee engagement efforts led by Secretary Johnson and Deputy Secretary Mayorkas.    DHS employees stand on the front lines day in and day out to protect our citizens from threats at home and abroad. Our employees do difficult work under challenging circumstances, from protecting the border at the Rio Grande Valley to guiding maritime traffic on the Mississippi River, to managing shipments at the Port of Seattle, and welcoming visitors at the JFK International Airport.    Therefore, as the Deputy Secretary has stated, we must create the Department our employees deserve. We recognize that we must start with our leadership to improve employee morale. Employee engagement is not a human resources program. We see employee engagement as a leadership responsibility for the entire Department with human capital support.    Demonstrating this leadership responsibility, the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary launched the employee-focused Building the Department You Deserve initiative. Led by the Deputy Secretary and coordinated through an operationally focused employee engagement steering committee, three items this initiative have focused on are the Secretary honoring over 300 employees at a recent award ceremony.    This was the first one that was held in over 6 years. The Secretary has directed component leadership to host appropriate ceremonies and events to honor the contributions of their employees and DHS partners,and we are doing this to acknowledge and recognize the fine work of our employees.    Our employees have asked for greater transparency in the Department's hiring process. We have posted personnel information on our internal Web site, provided helpful tips for managers that highlight how to lead a transparent hiring process,and we have made a concerted effort to more prominently post job opportunities.    Additionally, DHS is continuing to build a common leadership experience that begins at our on-boarding and continues throughout our leaders' careers. We will continue to emphasize our key executive programs, including the DHS Senior Executive Service Candidate Development Program and the Department's own Executive Capstone Program for new members of the senior executive service.    Moreover, the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary are committed to personally hearing from our employees. Both of our senior leaders hold regular meetings with rank-and-file employees as well as with supervisors, managers, and executives when visiting field offices or in video conferences. In these meetings, they're listening to the concerns and suggestions of our employees across the country.    Furthermore, the Deputy Secretary regularly engages with our union partners, hearing their feedback and concerns. Building the Department our employees deserve is also about finding better ways to do business and building opportunities for them to succeed.    We thank Congress and this committee, particularly Chairman Chaffetz, for last year's passage of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act. This legislation is an excellent example of finding a better way to do business, as it replaces the administratively uncontrollable overtime model with a new and sound process for ensuring that our Border Patrol personnel are properly paid for their work.    We are leaning forward to implement actions that we believe will make a lasting and valuable difference to our employees. In the words of Secretary Johnson, we must inject a new energy into DHS, and we are working diligently to do just that. Through our efforts, we hope to enhance the work experience and honor the contributions of our hard-working and dedicated workforce.    Thank you again for supporting our employees who are protecting all of us each and every day. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Emerson. DHS is the third largest Federal agency. So we have over 225,000 employees at DHS. We're very large.    Ms. Emerson. Approximately 22 agencies.    Ms. Emerson. We have lots of different missions underneath that. Of course, we have our main mission, and this is----    Ms. Emerson. --protecting the homeland.    Ms. Emerson. That's correct.    Ms. Emerson. That's correct.    Ms. Emerson. They've been dropping in their score.    Ms. Emerson. Thank you. And thank you for mentioning those challenges that DHS employees have had, as well as the rest of the Federal employee workforce.    Sequestration, budget cuts, freezes, furloughs, they all have an effect on employee morale. And as you mentioned, just recently DHS went through a potential lapse in budget again. So that--that does have an effect, but what I'd like to bring forward is that we have top leadership support through our Secretary and Deputy Secretary. In fact, before we even started this hearing, Secretary Johnson was here giving his support, showing how important employee morale is to him. He has----    Ms. Emerson. In fact, our attrition rate is better than the rest of the government in terms of senior leadership and in the rest of the Federal workforce, and that's been confirmed by OPM as well as our own internal folks who----    Ms. Emerson. Well, he has been very busy filling senior leadership vacancies. In fact, he's filled 16 of them. We have three more left, but he's done a very good job, and he's worked----    Ms. Emerson. Well, Secretary Johnson has worked very hard to get those positions filled. From day one he came in promising that he was going to fill those top leadership positions. We do have three acting positions now that he's still working. He's working hard every day to get those positions filled, and anything that you all can do to help him out on that we would appreciate because I think that when you have someone in an acting position at a very high leadership role, that does tend to----    Ms. Emerson. I think it very well could, and when Secretary Johnson was here this morning, he was talking about the headquarters building we call the NAC, the Nebraska Avenue Complex, and invite all of you to come see that.    Ms. Emerson. Oh, the Coast Guard building is the new building, and, yes, it's very nice. And that could have an effect on their morale. They're together and it is a state-of-the-art building, and we appreciate that building.    Ms. Emerson. At Department of Homeland Security, we have a very important mission, and that's to protect the homeland.    Ms. Emerson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Emerson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Emerson. I know that our Secretary and Deputy Secretary have met with employees and their union representative to discuss that issue.    Ms. Emerson. I'm unsure. When you look at the FEVS scores, it's hard to tell what, you know, affects the scores, and oftentimes you have to do a deeper drive. So that would be hard for me to speculate on. But I know it is something that our Secretary and Deputy Secretary work with the union partners and employees on.    Ms. Emerson. Yeah. I'm not--I'm not sure, and I'm not an expert on immigration, but I do know that it is an issue that our Secretary and Deputy Secretary work with our employees on.    Ms. Emerson. Sir, I'm not an immigration expert, and I really don't feel I should give an opinion on that.    Ms. Emerson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Emerson. No. Not much.    Ms. Emerson. There is a lot of sporting event on in my house. We have two teenage boys.    Ms. Emerson. I know that Department of Homeland Security is abiding by the law, rule, and regulations, and our Federal employees do that as well.    Ms. Emerson. It certainly could be. As Federal employees, you know, we have different policies and laws that we have to follow, and sometimes they come with different administrations, but that's our job, is to follow the laws, rules, and regulations that are in place at the time.    Ms. Emerson. To serve their country.    Ms. Emerson. At DHS?    Ms. Emerson. My thought is to protect the homeland, to follow--to enforce the laws.    Ms. Emerson. Do the right thing.    Mr. Gowdy, Respect for the rule of law?    Ms. Emerson. Yes.    Ms. Emerson. Thank you. Our employees have difficult jobs, as you were describing them. Those are very challenging positions, and actually we do a very good job recruiting high-quality diverse workforce at DHS, and then I was saying earlier our attrition rates are low. So our employees are extremely dedicated to their jobs. They do what it takes to get the job done. So in terms of recruiting, hiring, retaining, DHS does a good job there.    Do we have more work to do in employee engagement? You bet. And our Secretary who was here today and the Deputy Secretary have made this a number one priority, starting out with themselves. Increasing communication. Getting out with the rank and file. Holding all employee meetings. Meeting directly with the senior executive service. They've done that on two occasions.    Ms. Emerson. Yes. And, actually, I was at Department of Justice during that time too when--when we were putting together Homeland Security, and it was a very big event, but it is coming together. We have--employees are extremely dedicated to the mission of protecting the homeland.    I'd like to mention that the Secretary and Deputy Secretary also together held the first awards ceremony for our DHS employees. Over 300 of our employees were recognized. I think that goes a long way. In addition to that, they have required component heads and executives to recognize and say thank you to our employees for those very difficult jobs that they do.    Ms. Emerson. That's correct.    Ms. Emerson. Well, we have been working very closely together, and I would like to thank GAO because they've come. They've helped us with best practices. We worked hand in hand--in fact, employees----    Ms. Emerson. In fact our leadership, the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary and I myself have been over to GAO to meet with their leadership. So, we are working very closely together.    Ms. Emerson. Well, you mentioned one of the big ones, the budget uncertainty. That is a challenge that our employees had to deal with just recently, and that, quite honestly, can have an effect on morale. So anything you all can do to help us in that area, we'd really appreciate. It wasn't just--you know, it wasn't the entire government this time going through that. It was DHS. And that's hard for our employees who work hard every day to protect this country. As you were pointing out, our employees do an amazing job.    Ms. Emerson. They have a lot of work that they deal with and those jobs are difficult. But they come to work every day and give 110 percent.