    Ms. Svinicki. Thank you, Chairman Simpson, Ranking Member Kaptur, and distinguished members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to appear before you today at this hearing on the NRC's fiscal 2017 budget request and associated matters.    The Commission's chairman, Stephen Burns, has outlined an overview of our agency's budget request, as well as a description of some of the key challenges and opportunities before the agency in this year, fiscal 2016.    As described in the materials provided to your subcommittee concurrent with the budget request, the NRC has continued over the past year its comprehensive initiative to right-size the agency, streamline agency processes to use resources more wisely, improve timeliness in regulatory decision making, and promote a more unified agency purpose through agency-wide priority setting.    When I appeared before your subcommittee at this time last year, I testified that I looked forward to reflecting progress on these initiatives in our future budget submittals to you. I believe our fiscal year 2017 budget request coupled with the further efficiencies that we have identified and continue to identify under these Project Aim initiatives demonstrates this progress.    The NRC will continue to push forward on each of these fronts in the coming year while continuing to keep our critical mission of public health and safety and security always in the forefront.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear and look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Ms. Svinicki. Something that I would like to bring to the subcommittee's attention, in my time as a commissioner, I have occasionally been concerned that agencies like NRC are very tradition-bound. We are most comfortable making decisions on what we are familiar with, which is the large light water reactors like Watts Bar 2, and as we look over the horizon at small modular reactors, but maybe even more so to other advanced technologies that I know your subcommittee has heard from DOE about multiple times, I wondered about our flexibility to adapt our regulations to something that looks quite a bit different from what we have licensed, which by the way, we are cautious about; even those can take quite a bit of time to do. So I have really challenged the NRC staff to say, what are the measures that could give us confidence when we tell Congress, if we get an SMR, we could do this in four years or something, half the time of what we have been doing? Something that is an odd analogy, I think, is that my confidence was raised that our staff has completed a review of a different, it is not a reactor, in Janesville, Wisconsin or near there, there is proposed to be a medical isotope production facility. That applicant came in in medical space, but it was a different kind of aqueous reactor, kind of a reactor, quasi-technology, to make medical isotopes, and I was impressed, and my confidence was increased at NRC's ability to be a little bit more agile and adaptable in adapting the regulatory framework to something else. Because for the NRC staff, this application and technology did not fit neatly at all into the regulations that we have, but what they did is, they looked at applicable parts of the regulations and said, take this from power reactors, this from other materials space, and we were able to find both a legal and technical path to do that. I think that was an accomplishment for us, because it was something we had not licensed before. It is not a perfect solution for SMRs and advanced reactors, but I do think it is a demonstration of something real in terms of our flexibility.    Ms. Svinicki. Congressman, I was listening very closely to the figures in your question and if I heard correctly, I agree with all of the figures that you quoted. I did want to offer one clarification. I think you quoted 3,400 FTE as the ultimate goal for Project Aim in the year 2020. I want to clarify; it is accurate that we published that figure. It was a preliminary staff estimate at the very beginning of our Project Aim work. It is not informed by any of the work that we had done over the last 18 months and the Commission had not endorsed this figure. The Commission did endorse a figure of 3,600 for the current fiscal year as an interim step but I think it is fair to say that the Commission does not feel it has adequate information to know if 3,400 is the right number so we never endorsed that and we certainly have encouraged our staff not to be bound.    Frankly, I think that, as a personal view, that figure may not be ambitious enough thank you.    Ms. Svinicki. I agree.    Ms. Svinicki. Yes, Chairman Simpson, I believe to a person, it is our intention to act promptly and the NRC staff has made very clear to us their desire for a timely Commission decision so that we can inform this budget cycle and your work.    Ms. Svinicki. Congressman thank you for the question. I have had the opportunity to visit Oak Ridge during my service as a Commissioner. I did want to note that you mentioned the X-10, the historic facility. I will say that as a bit of a nerd about science and someone who has studied nuclear science it was amazing to stand in that location and think about the atomic pioneers of the United States. So I am glad we have that type of preservation of facilities like that and I commend the folks at Oak Ridge for realizing that is a part of our history. My only regret is we could not get every middle school science student to come through there. I did meet with the researchers in CASL and they are an impressive bunch but I think very significantly not only in terms of what is happening in Oak Ridge CASL is a consortium and it involves research institutions across the country, academic and DOE national labs and I think that kind of synergistic leveraging is how we can afford to do the cutting edge science that we need to do. It is leveraging virtual collaboration across the country through high speed communications tools and getting time on super computers at various DOE labs. But I was energized about it, I did listen to the presentations with an eye of saying how could NRC leverage some of its research needs, I am not sure at my level I walked away with any dazzling ideas of my own about how that could be done but I think that the CASL consortium is moving our cutting edge knowledge on nuclear science in the right direction.    Ms. Svinicki. As the longest serving current member of the Commission I would note I have served on a Commission of four, Commission of three, a Commission of five, back to four again. Five works well and Congress set us up at five for the kind of natural advantages you are talking about. It does help clarify outcomes, but I think actually the pace of doing the business before our agency I have to say candidly I am extremely impressed with how effectively I think this group of four even with the disadvantage of maybe a 2-2 and that has occurred. I do not mean to indicate that has not occurred since we went back down to four, but there are ways we have of determining that outcome. Often it goes back to staff delegated authority so I would say that maybe not speaking to whether or not we get a fifth, but I think this four is gosh-darn impressive.