    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I have been around here for about 28 years now, and I have always understood, being a Californian, that Asia plays a significant role in the well-being of the people of the United States of America. If we don't have good policy toward Japan and China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Korea, that region of the world, we will not prosper, nor will we be secure.    Those of us, as I say, in California know more about that. And I served with Ronald Reagan in the White House, and he certainly understood that. Today, however, there are serious challenges, but they are over the horizon. They have yet to come into view.    And I would suggest that the emergence of China as such a powerful entity and a China that has had absolutely no political reform--they have had lots of economic reform and they have--people say, ``Oh, no. They are having all this reform.''    No. They are not having any reform as long as they maintain that the government has total control over the political process. There are no opposition political parties there. People are not permitted to have private newspapers that criticize the government. They have hundreds of thousands of people--or 100,000 people tracking down anyone on the Internet that criticizes the basic nature of their system. And this is a monstrous threat that is just over the horizon.    Let me note for my friends who are so aggressively attacking Mr. Putin in Russia and their shortcomings in Russia, which there are many, there have been numerous reforms in Russia compared to China. Yet, we continue with a hostile attitude toward Russia and more of an open attitude toward China. So I am looking at that very closely.    And one thing that gives me heart that we will be able to confront any emerging threat in the Pacific is that Japan now is moving forward to basically step into its rightful role as a major power in the Pacific and Asia. We have had for far too long the stigma of World War II in which the Japanese were totally wrong and committed some monstrous acts, just like the Germans were totally wrong and committed monstrous acts.    But we forgave the Germans a long time ago. And we now have the Germans actually involved with peace efforts in Ukraine. They are sort of in charge of that. Well, Japan is ready to step up into that role in Asia and the Pacific. And the United States needs to have a strong partnership.    Next week we have President Abe coming to visit, to do a joint session of Congress. I think this is a good way to inaugurate a new era of relations between Japan and the United States and, hopefully, a new era of security and a new era of peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing today.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Thank you very much.    And let me just note that, when you base decisions on nonsense, it shouldn't be surprising to anybody that we come up with bizarre policy advocacy.    It is bizarre for me to sit here and listen to people talk about financing in the millions of dollars--American tax dollars an environmental program on the mainland of China, which, of course, is the world's worst human rights abuser and a country that is right now taking ever more aggressive stands, for example, the declarations of--territorial declarations, alone--what China has been saying in the South China Sea and in the shipping lanes that would strangle Korea and strangle Japan.    For us to be talking, ``Oh, well, the environment is going to let us work together with these guys,'' that is such utter nonsense, especially giving American dollars to their project in China. We'll let the American people decide what is absurd and what isn't.    Let me note, when the Chinese started building these islands out of rock piles in the ocean and then start making them--claiming that they are territory and, thus, gives them the right to control huge, vast areas of the Pacific Ocean, maybe somebody will see that that is an aggressive act and deserves so much outrage on our part that we wouldn't be even considering providing China with millions of dollars for their global warming program.    China is at this time, for example, behind Hun Sen in Cambodia. I mention Hun Sen. Who is Hun Sen's greatest friend? It is Beijing. Who is North Korea's best friend? Beijing. And China has a horrible relationship with gangster regimes throughout the world. They are robbing the people of their resources in any country that they are engaged in by making deals with gangster regimes that have no rightful role in terms of what we believe in, democracy.    So one thing that I mentioned earlier on, the one thing to give us hope is that we have a new rising power in a democratic Japan reasserting itself as an influence in that region of the world. Japan can counterbalance what has been, basically, China run amuck with the acquiescence of America's business community and America's, it seems, environmentalists.    We were told a long time ago, if we build up China's economy, there would be political reform. Well, there has been no political reform. They haven't become more modernistic in terms of the way they deal with other people's rights. In fact, this theory that I always called the ``Hug a Nazi. Make a liberal theory'' didn't work.    And it is not working in Vietnam as well. In Vietnam, they do not have--everything you cited was fine about how they are making their economy more efficient. Well, making the economy more efficient for a Nazi-like regime is not something that we should be bragging about. We should be supporting the people of Vietnam against their oppressor.    And we certainly support the people in Cambodia and elsewhere that are suffering under--and even as we talk we have China reaching an agreement with Pakistan in order to take over a port in the Balochistan region of Pakistan. And one wonders who is being bribed there. Who is being bribed to give away an important maritime asset in that country of Pakistan?    So I would like to just suggest that we need to look at these matters in a much more serious tone. I'm sorry that I just can't believe that, after 18 years of steady weather and steady climate and no big jump in the temperature, which we were promised by those people who believe that CO2 emissions cause increases in the temperature--I don't buy it anymore, and most Americans don't, especially if it is going to mean that we have to go along with giving money to Chinese programs.    Thank you very much. I have got to go. Please feel free to say everything bad about what I just said. I have got to be on the floor.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I've got to run off. I have a speech on the floor.