    Ms. Hyde. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Pamela Hyde and I am the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.    In 2014, over \3/4\ of SAMHSA's mental health funding was targeted toward improving the lives of persons with serious mental illness, or SMI. Individuals with SMI in their families, like those I have met, served, and advocated for over 4 decades, are the reason we are, at SAMHSA, working so hard to coordinate critical Federal programs to maximize the impact on the ground for those who need it the most. For example, SAMHSA and other HHS agencies work with the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness, the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, to prioritize the needs of veterans and individuals experiencing chronic homelessness; many of whom have serious mental illnesses. Because of these joint efforts, 25,000 fewer people experienced chronic homelessness in 2014 than in 2013, and the number of homeless veterans has declined 33 percent.    I also represent Secretary Burwell as co-chair of the President's Interagency Task Force on Military and Veterans Mental Health. Through this effort, SAMHSA is working with the Department of Defense, VA, and the White House to address the mental health needs of military families. SAMHSA also leads the Interdepartmental Federal Working Group on suicide prevention, and helps fund and support the Federal and private sector collaboration that developed, and is beginning to implement the Surgeon General's national strategy on suicide prevention.    In 2014, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, funded by SAMHSA, and coordinated with the VA, served over 1.3 million Americans.    SAMHSA's Children's Mental Health Initiative coordinates mental health, education, juvenile justice, and human services structures that serve young people with serious emotional disturbances. Evaluations of this program have demonstrated impressive results in improving functioning, reducing arrests, suicidal thoughts, and days spent in inpatient care, and increasing family satisfaction with services.    Along with the Assistant Secretary for Health, I co-chair the Secretary's Behavioral Health Coordinating Council, which includes a new subcommittee focused on the needs of persons with SMI, and other subcommittees that address issues affecting SMI individuals and their families across multiple programs.    SAMHSA also coordinates Federal efforts informally. For example, SAMHSA worked with the Departments of Labor and Education to develop and disseminate a toolkit about supported employment for persons with SMI. In 2014, SAMHSA implemented a new grant program to test how to help states take this evidence-based practice to scale.    In 2014, SAMHSA also implemented new congressional language requiring that at least 5 percent of each state's mental health block grant funds be used to provide treatment and services for individuals with first-episode serious mental illness. SAMHSA is coordinating with the National Institute of Mental Health to provide guidance and technical assistance to help states implement evidence-based interventions to prevent the disability often associated with early onset SMI.    Also new in 2014 is the President's Now is The Time plan, which grew out of the tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut, and received broad bipartisan support by Congress. This series of programs allows us to increase the behavioral health workforce, train and support school personnel, and assist youth and young adults, especially those with serious emotional disturbances, to be identified and receive the treatment they need for emerging mental health and substance use problems as they transition to adulthood. These new programs necessitate robust interdepartmental coordination with other HHS agencies. The Departments of Education and Justice, and state education and behavioral health entities, as well as students, families, and community responders.    And in collaboration with the Departments of Treasury and Labor, SAMHSA and other HHS agencies have coordinated efforts to help individuals with significant behavioral health needs enroll in newly available affordable care coverage, and to help plans and consumers know about their obligations and rights under National parity legislation.    Even though much has been accomplished, we recognize the need to do more. The President's 2016 budget proposes a new SAMHSA Crisis Services Program to bring together multiple state, Federal, and community funding streams, and service deliver infrastructures so that emergency rooms, inpatient residential and treatment facilities, and jail cells will not be the only options for SMI individuals in crisis and their families.    SAMHSA works every day to coordinate and collaborate within the Federal Government and across the country to assure evidence-based treatment is available and delivered so individuals with SMI and their families can live satisfying and productive lives. We appreciate Congress' continuing partnership in these efforts.    Thank you.    Ms. Hyde. Right.    Ms. Hyde. We have taken significant action in this arena and brought together a public-private partnership that has developed with the Surgeon General a national strategy for suicide prevention.    Ms. Hyde. It is only a----    Ms. Hyde. It is only a couple of years old. We are just beginning to implement----    Mr. Murphy These organizations have been in place for a long time. The mandate of SAMHSA to meet has been in place for a long time. The GAO report says that some of these groups haven't met since 2009. Now, you said that there is a new group which has met once in January. So when you talk about coordination of these programs, I just want to deal with--we are trying to help here, but I oftentimes tell people when they come to this committee, if you want to meet a friendly Congress, come in and say, you know what, we messed up big time and we have to change this. But when you give me this litany of all these successes, and I look at that, that is 40,000 people died in this country last year. Forty thousand. One point two million suicide attempts requiring some help.    Now, if we were to also look at the employment rate among the mentally ill, it also is getting worse. You also have states saying a huge number of people in jails, increase in homelessness. I don't know where these numbers come from, but when I go around to different states, I am sure where you are from colleagues, it is a problem. So you are obligated under the law to coordinate these programs. You have the Congressional Committee that has jurisdiction over your agency. It is concerned over this lack of coordination in this area. And here the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office is concerned about this. The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation of HHS sitting next to you is concerned about this lack of coordination in this area. So are you going to take action to change this coordination, not to say we have done it in the past, everything is fine, but are you going to make further changes on coordination?    Ms. Hyde. You asked about one thing, and you made a comment about a separate thing. So we have taken significant action on suicide. We are concerned about those numbers and working on it. We have plans in place and a public-private partnership that is working to develop approaches to deal with zero suicide and health care, and other clinical guidelines and other approaches to measuring and dealing with getting people to pay attention----    Ms. Hyde . To suicide. So we have a lot of work going on in----    Ms. Hyde . Coordinating suicide efforts. You asked a different question about a different entity.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, we initially didn't--obviously, not everyone who has suicidal ideation, or decides that they may want to make a plan to hurt themselves, has a serious mental illness, but about 90 percent of them do have mental health issues. So when first asked was that an SMI program, we were concerned with calling it an SMI program. As we went through the work with GAO, the distinction between a program that supports people with serious mental illness versus a program that is specifically and only designated for those individuals was made, and in that case, we brought our program into the SMI tent.    Ms. Hyde. That is correct. There are multiple definitions of serious mental illness both in the law and in peoples' parlance and how they use that term.    Ms. Hyde. For any particular program, yes. We are in the process of actually redefining SMI for purposes of the block grants because the definitions and the DSM and the standards for determining who has what diagnoses have changed.    Ms. Hyde. If you look at the report, actually, SAMHSA is doing a good job at evaluating our programs. And I am very proud, actually, of the work we have done to create a Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality to actually develop our capacity to do quality measurement, and to do evaluations.    Ms. Hyde. Absolutely, and we----    Ms. Hyde . Are doing a lot of it.    Ms. Hyde. I think we can always do better, but we do a significant amount of work with Justice, with VA, with DoD, with a number of other agencies that touch and work with our population----    Ms. Hyde. Thank you for the question. First of all, we are very pleased with this set-aside approach. We are working with all 50 states and working with NIMH to provide guidance and technical assistance to them based on evidence-based approaches that NIMH has developed.    Some of the states get very little money out of this 5 percent set-aside because the block grant is, frankly, not enough money for the country. So to the extent that it is a very small amount, it is going to be hard to do a consistent evaluation. We are working with each state to try to make sure within their system they can identify what they are doing, and in some states, for example, they are actually putting their own money and multiplying these dollars by as much as seven times. So different states are going to have different capacity to give us, feed us back what they have been able to do with it. Some states, they will be able to train people on what the new evidence-based approaches are. And other cases, they will be able to actually put services on the ground. And in many states, Medicaid is going to pay for the actual service for some people, whereas the state will be using our dollars to evaluate, to oversee, to train, and to direct the traffic.    Ms. Hyde. Yes. This is a program that we work with the Department of Labor, and now within HHS because the program has moved over to the Administration on Community Living to implement an evidence-based practice that we developed through evaluation and through research and approaches a few years ago to develop a toolkit that is actually specifically for people with serious mental illness, and specifically supports them in gaining and maintaining employment.    We have seen increases in employment using that approach. And so what we are trying to do with this very small amount of transformative money is help a state figure out how to take that to scale using their multiple systems and approaches within their state. So their labor departments, their job departments, whatever departments they have that make those things and those supports available in their state.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, thank you for that question. The crisis program which I mentioned is, again, one we are really excited about because there has been a lot of conversation about emergency rooms and appropriate use of emergency rooms, and that is the only option that people have, or people ending up in jails and prisons when they really should be getting treatment, or lack of inpatient beds, and all of that, when you look at it, surrounds the issue of how you deal with a crisis. How do you prevent it, how do you de-escalate it, and how do you follow up so that it doesn't happen again, and how do you engage the family as well as the individual in managing that process.    So we are proposing a crisis services system program to try to see if we can bring those multiple funding streams and multiple systems together in a few communities to test and demonstrate how best to do that. These are multifaceted systems that have to work with that. We do have some evidence that if we do it right, we can prevent the need for so many inpatient beds, and certainly prevent the boarding and other kinds of inappropriate emergency room use.    Ms. Hyde. Well, we are expanding other areas for veterans' mental health, we are expanding mental health workforce issues, because that is a huge and growing issue for our ability to meet goals. And we are actually also expanding tribal mental health issues to try to make sure that we can address mental health issues in Indian country, which have been sorely unaddressed, especially for young people who are dealing with suicide issues, bullying issues, job issues, and other things.    So we are trying very hard to focus on this transition-aged youth. We also have a healthy transitions program that we are going to continue in the next fiscal year through the President's budget. So trying to put all of that together to deal with that group or that set of young people, first episode issues and trying to prevent, as the chairman said and Ms. DeGette said, to try to prevent it from getting to be a more serious problem later.    Ms. Hyde. Mr. Chairman, the people with serious mental illness have been documented to have significant health problems. They die sooner----    Ms. Hyde . Than other people, and some cases with serious mental illness, years and years earlier, mostly from preventable health issues.    Ms. Hyde. So our wellness efforts are definitely directed toward people with serious mental illness who, we don't want them to die----    Ms. Hyde . And we don't want them to have diabetes.    Ms. Hyde. When we fund a program, we fund them for a specific activity. They may have positions that they take before Congress or in the press, or any place else, that they have a right to take, that is not associated with our program.    Ms. Hyde. We do not fund going off medications. We do fund assistance and helping----    Ms. Hyde . People understand medications and how best to work with their doctors.    Ms. Hyde. We do not fund that organization for----    Ms. Hyde . Any of those positions.    Ms. Hyde. If you listen to my whole sentence, we don't fund that organization for that position----    Ms. Hyde. Our position on marijuana is that for young people, it is unacceptable and inappropriate in any case, in any state, anywhere. And our efforts around marijuana are primarily around prevention and dealing with underage use where the evidence shows that it has negative educational and social and other implications for young people. Same is true of alcohol.    Ms. Hyde. That is in our effort----    Ms. Hyde. We are concerned about the issues with marijuana, and we are working with NIDA and with other entities within HHS to look at----    Ms. Hyde . The research issues.    Ms. Hyde. I don't know the answer to that.    Ms. Hyde. I don't know whether or not the----    Ms. Hyde . American Psychological Association supports it, and we do fund them.    Ms. Hyde. I don't know whether or not other organizations----    Ms. Hyde . Support that.    Ms. Hyde. I think I would just echo Dr. Frank. The recommendation that was made was about a specific type of infrastructure that we think isn't going to be the best way to address the issue on the ground. So that is the distinction we are trying to make here, that we have a lot of coordination going on, we believe in coordination, but the particular recommendation and the approach seems just like more bureaucracy.    Ms. Hyde. I think it is multifaceted. We have to have person-to-person interactions, we have to have working groups on specific issues as what we described, we have to have staff-to-staff level programmatic interactions, and we have to push our grant programs to require coordination at the state and grantee level. So we are doing all of those things, and trying to bring that together where it works on the ground for individuals.    Ms. Hyde. I explained why. Yes.    Ms. Hyde. It does serve a broader population.    Ms. Hyde. That is correct.    Ms. Hyde. I don't think researchers think that that is all serious mental illness as it might be defined in a functional level.    Ms. Hyde. Absolutely. That is why we had the----    Ms. Hyde . Conversation about----    Ms. Hyde . What to include in----    Ms. Hyde. I am sorry, can you repeat that question?    Ms. Hyde. We were trying to understand----    Ms. Hyde . What GAO wanted, yes.    Ms. Hyde. Goodness, no. We were trying to be honest and fair about the answer to the question.    Ms. Hyde. Generally, it is a combination of diagnosis and functioning and history. So you generally have to look at all three of them to see what the functioning level is. The diagnosis is important but not in and of itself enough.    Ms. Hyde. Not necessarily.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, thank you for that question. One of the ways we are doing that is to implement the RAISE Program, which is the evidence-based practice that NIMH has developed, that is interventions both medical and psychosocial interventions done at an earlier point in the trajectory of an illness after a first episode. We are doing a lot of work in that area. We are also starting to look at what is called the prodrome, or prior to the first episode. NIMH is beginning to work in this area, and we are working with them to try to identify what would be the best way to look at that issue.    We are also looking at healthy transitions, or the transition that young people have from age 16 or so to 25, which is where a lot of this early first episode happens, and we are trying to put programs on the ground to make sure that those families and those young people are supported as they move into adulthood. And so there are a number of programs like that where we are trying to get upstream. We are also doing a lot of jail diversion work, trying to make sure that individuals who may be headed for jail because of a mental health issue can be diverted into treatment and to appropriate community-based supports instead of jail. Same thing is true with homelessness. People who are homeless on the streets with serious mental illness, if we can get them housed in evidence-based supporting housing programs we can see very good trajectories, reduction of emergency room use, et cetera.    So we have pieces of all of those kinds of programs working with our colleagues and other departments.    Ms. Hyde. The Steering Committee had accomplished a lot, but much of the coordination work had moved into the programmatic area.    Ms. Hyde. Well, I think it had difficulty solving the problem. I think that is our whole point, is one Federal, high-level coordinating body by itself is not going to solve the problem.    That group did identify programmatic areas where coordination needed to happen, and that began to happen at the programmatic level. We haven't talked at all about what the issue beyond coordination is, which is the lack of services, the lack of support, and then as we are getting more people able to get access to coverage and services, then that is going to be a much bigger and more appropriate way to get services to people.    Ms. Hyde. I can talk first about SAMHSA because that is the thing I know the best. But certainly, cuts in programs have made us tighten, it has made us do less grants, so less ability to help communities out there, less ability to do new programs. The one set of new programs we have been able to do is in the President's Now is The Time plan, which I described. It also, frankly, makes us take a second look at how much money we spend on things that are not services, so it does make us tighten our evaluation efforts at times, and it just overall makes us deal with a system that is already significantly underfunded compared to a lot of the other, heart disease and other mortalities that we are trying to deal with. So I actually could give you some comparisons between how much we spend for certain of these diseases and the numbers of people that we have associated with them, and I think you would be able to see what those impacts of those dollars are.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, it is a--yes.    Ms. Hyde. That is correct.    Ms. Hyde. It engages young people and their parents in emotional health development. We do have a responsibility to do prevention----    Ms. Hyde . In young people.    Ms. Hyde. I don't remember off the top of my head the complete age range, but it is the younger----    Ms. Hyde . It is the younger kids.    Ms. Hyde. Yes.    Ms. Hyde. Yes.    Ms. Hyde. Actually, the science tells us that the earlier we start----    Ms. Hyde . The better.    Ms. Hyde. I don't know that off the top of my head. I can tell you----    Ms. Hyde . Though that is important that we are----    Ms. Hyde. We are----    Ms. Hyde. Yes.    Ms. Hyde. Actually, we are going through a----    Ms. Hyde . Something we call----    Ms. Hyde. I don't know. Please let me finish the question and I will tell you. We are actually going through our Web sites right now. This is one of them. It is on the list to re-examine----    Ms. Hyde . Whether or not----    Ms. Hyde. I----    Ms. Hyde. That is what we are assessing and evaluating right now. We are going through each of those Web sites to determine whether or not they are appropriate or need to be continued, or eliminated or otherwise dealt with.    Ms. Hyde. Thank you for the question. We have taken a leadership role with a number of other Federal agencies both within HHS and outside, DOJ, Office of Civil Rights, to look at the Olmstead decision and try to implement it, and try to help states understand what they can do. We try to look at the housing needs and how people can develop housing, we try to look at the employment needs and income needs and how people can develop that, and we try to look at the social supports that individuals need in the community, and we provide training, and sometimes we call them policy academies, bringing states together so they can learn from each other, and trying to make sure that they have the information they need and the program designs that they need, because there are evidence-based practices to try to develop that. We also try to bring things like HUD vouchers and other kinds of resources to the table that SAMHSA coordinates with but doesn't control.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, thank you again for the question. If you are talking about young children, we have a program called LAUNCH----    Ms. Hyde . Which is for zero to 8-year-olds.    Ms. Hyde. Specifically to build emotional health development and to look at early needs that might be emerging there. We have some new work that we are doing on the framework of Now is The Time to try to look at working with schools and communities to be able to identify emerging behavioral health issues before they become an issue. We have other prevention activities that IOM helped us look at, the Institute of Medicine, a few years ago, and bringing both behavioral health--well, substance abuse and mental health, because they often go together, so issues like what is happening in schools, bullying, parenting, bringing multiple systems together to help make sure that young person is able to grow and develop in a positive way. We are also doing a significant amount of work on trauma because we understand increasingly what trauma does to young people, and how it creates, actually, adult problems. We are also looking at the fact that, frankly, most adult behavioral health issues start before the age of 24, and in fact, \1/2\ of them before the age of 14. So the younger we can start, the better we can build skills and resiliency, capacity, moving into adulthood.    So we do a fair amount of that work. As I said earlier though, \3/4\ of our dollars actually go toward persons, at least in our mental health environment, goes to persons with serious mental illness.    Ms. Hyde. Tens being good?    Ms. Hyde. I think we are doing 10. I think we have a lot----    Ms. Hyde . More work to do.    Ms. Hyde. We actually have several programs that have been proposed for reduction, some of which Congress has reduced, and others of which have continued to be funded.    Ms. Hyde. OK.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, if you look at the GAO report, I think you will see that SAMHSA is actually doing more than----    Ms. Hyde. It depends on the situation. In some cases----    Ms. Hyde . We do it internally.    Ms. Hyde. Some cases ASPE does it, and other cases----    Ms. Hyde. Well, as I was trying to explain, we are starting the process of evaluating----    Ms. Hyde . That.    Ms. Hyde. We will be glad to answer that question for you.    Ms. Hyde. We will get you an answer as soon as we can.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, we have a registry of evidence-based practices that we are actually in the process of redoing because we need to do a better job on that.    Ms. Hyde. We will do our best to get it to you as soon as we can. I don't----    Ms. Hyde. We have the list. I don't know if I can----    Ms. Hyde . Do some electronic version----    Ms. Hyde. I can get you a list of what we have, yes.    Ms. Hyde. SAMHSA's budget is in four buckets. Generally speaking, we talk about the substance abuse part of our----    Ms. Hyde . Budget as being a little less than 70 percent. So the vast majority of our budget is substance abuse. Of the 30 percent or so that is mental health, \3/4\ of that goes to serious mental illness.    Ms. Hyde. The particular programs that there are some programs that are very specifically for serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance. That is the general rubric. The block grant programs are that. It is a huge program. What we talked about, the primary behavioral health care program is specifically for that. A number of other of our programs we have already talked about serve people with serious mental illness, but they are not targeted to those individuals.    Ms. Hyde. Just a quick----    Ms. Hyde . Response. The----    Ms. Hyde. The program I told you for fiscal year 2016, the reason I was hesitating, I didn't know which justification you were talking about, CJ 15 or 14 or----    Ms. Hyde . Sixteen. The new programs that I was telling you about, specifically the crisis one, specifically mentions serious mental illness. I have that here if you would like to see it.    Ms. Hyde. Mr. Altman is here with me today, yes.    Ms. Hyde. Thank you, Ms. DeGette. I was trying to say, yes, that in fact, we are trying to evaluate this. It is on our evaluation list. We are trying to take a look at it. I don't have it in front of me here today the numbers he is putting out, so I can't say if that is yes, no, or otherwise. We are looking at a number of our Web sites who have been actually held by a number of contractors, and we are bringing it inside so we can control a little bit more about what goes up on those Web sites. So we have had a very explicit approach to trying to get at the issue of are the Web sites and is the content what it should be. So we have done a fair amount of work about that, but we are in the middle of it, we are not complete, and this is one of them that is literally on the next list that we are looking at.    Ms. Hyde. Actually, I just got the ability to get that scheduled, so I know it is scheduled for next week but I don't have a specific time----    Ms. Hyde. With me. It is personally being scheduled with me----    Ms. Hyde. That is correct, and sometimes what appears on its face to be a coloring book or a song, sometimes there is actually science behind the use of those for young children, for message and for outcomes. I don't have the answer here today in front of me whether this one fits that mold or not.    Ms. Hyde. I wouldn't write it off----    Ms. Hyde . On its face.    Ms. Hyde. I will.    Ms. Hyde. We are working on that. I know it has taken a while. We want to be absolutely clear though, because we understand the seriousness of the question we are being asked, so to the extent that we are reviewing bunches of records, and if we see anything that looks inappropriate, we want to go back and check it even yet again to make sure that it is or is not----    Ms. Hyde . So----    Ms. Hyde. It is very high on our list to do. I can't give you a specific date, but we have been working through it and we are pretty close to being able to give you an answer.    Ms. Hyde. We worked with the Office for Civil Rights who actually was taking the lead on providing the clarification to practitioners about what you just said, Mr. Murphy, that practitioners can, in fact, listen and they can, in fact, get lots of information that can help them with treatment. I think there are a lot of clinicians who it is just easier to say I can't talk at all.    Ms. Hyde. Part of what we are----    Ms. Hyde. Yes. Part of what we are trying to do is develop some training and some ability to help practitioners understand what they can and cannot do, and also to see how----    Ms. Hyde . They can utilize existing state laws to get at the issue of when someone cannot make a decision for themselves.