    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today, we consider H.R. 1057, the ``Promoting Automotive Repair, Trade, and Sales,'' or ``PARTS Act of 2015.'' This legislation introduced by Chairman Issa and the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, would reduce the term of design patent protection for exterior automotive repair parts like fenders, side view mirrors, and headlights from 14 years to two and a half years. Supporters see it as a pro-consumer bill to foster much needed competition in the collision repair parts market. But opponents see it as an unfair exemption to established patent law at the expense of one industry, with potential safety implications. Each side makes compelling arguments, and I appreciate the opportunity to examine these issues in greater detail today.    According to supporters of the PARTS Act, thousands of consumers each year pay artificially inflated prices for car repairs because auto manufacturers control more than 70 percent of the market for repair parts. To make matters worse, they say, manufacturers have recently begun to enforce their design patents against generic parts makers, threatening to eliminate whatever competition currently exists for aftermarket parts. Without the PARTS Act, they argue, consumers could see already high prices soar even higher as the generic market shrinks and automakers seize a near monopoly on repair parts. These consumers see a market with little competition, and wonder why there is a thriving market for generic drugs, but not for generic taillights. According to some estimates, since generic auto parts can cost up to 50 percent less than brand name alternatives, consumers would pay over $1 billion a year more for repair parts if the independent market were to be eliminated altogether. And if repair parts cost more, insurance companies will be forced to raise their rates too, further hurting consumers.    The PARTS Act would provide automakers 30 months of design patent protection for aftermarket products, long enough, supporters argue, for automakers to receive a healthy return on investment, but not so long that it would stifle the competitive market for repair products that consumers deserve. And car companies would still retain a full 14 years of protection against other automakers that might seek to copy their designs on new cars, since the bill only applies to repair parts. But this begs the question why single out only one industry for weaker patent protection? Opponents of the PARTS Act believe it would set a dangerous precedent in intellectual property law. They fear a slippery slope in which more and more industries are carved out for special treatment under the patent system, leading to a system that is both incoherent and unfair. How should we draw the lines between which industries are deserving of full protection, full 14-year protection, and which are not? We may not always appreciate the aesthetic design of a car's component parts, but automakers invest significant resources to design every aspect of their products so that they stand out to potential buyers.    Opponents of the PARTS Act argue that it would be unfair to deprive these manufacturers of the full return on their investment. They also note that auto manufacturers employ nearly 30,000 people in the U.S. in design centers. We risk losing some of these jobs if we reduce the incentives for automakers to create the innovative designs. Opponents further warn that the bill could threaten the safety of unsuspecting consumers who purchase a generic repair part, which may be of lower quality than its brand name equivalent. If a generic bumper looks identical but provides insufficient protection in an accident, it is certainly no substitute. As we examine the PARTS Act, we should consider whether additional safeguards ought to be put into place to protect consumers from shoddy parts before encouraging a significantly larger market for such generic products. Today's hearing hopefully will help us to determine the answers to these and other important questions, as we examine the proper balance between respecting the rights of creators and ensuring that customers enter a safe, competitive marketplace. We have an excellent set of witnesses to help us sort through these issues, and I look forward to their testimony. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, and I appreciate this. I do have to go to the floor to debate an amendment shortly. Mr. Gillis, what is the rationale for singling out just the auto parts industry for special treatment under the patent laws, and do you worry about the precedent that this bill would set by limiting patent protection for one narrow category of items?    Mr. Nadler. What is the rationale for singling out this industry?    Mr. Nadler. It is very expensive. That is the rationale. And the other rationales?    Mr. Nadler. Okay, and why now? Why not 20 years ago, or, I mean, why are we seeing this now?    Mr. Nadler. But they have not changed? In other words, I thought you said that there was a change recently.    Mr. Nadler. But the change in the behavior of the auto companies in exercising these patents.    Mr. Nadler. And what sort of protections are in place or should be in place to ensure the quality and safety of generic repair parts?    Mr. Nadler. Certified by whom?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Thank you. Ms. Burris, I am sorry. We have heard about the potential threat to safety that generic repair parts may pose. Can you point to any studies that document that there are in fact such risks?    Mr. Nadler. That is one specific.    Mr. Nadler. Is there data to show the generic parts involved in accidents have a greater rate than parts made by the manufacturers?    Mr. Nadler. There is?    Mr. Nadler. Okay, and according to estimates referred today, auto manufacturers control more than 70 percent of the market for repair parts. If the industry continues to enforce these design patents against generic parts, it could achieve a near-monopoly. Without competition, how can consumers be sure they are receiving a fair price for these products, if we are not to pass this bill?    Mr. Nadler. All right. Let me ask one last question. Under current law, design patents and auto repair parts receive 14 years of protection against infringement. Most consumers do not own their cars for that long. Does this not effectively provide car companies a lifetime protection against competition for repair parts in most instances, and if this bill, if 30 months is too short, I think somebody said 30 months is too--I think you said.    Mr. Nadler. It does not go into effect right away, is there some other period greater than 30 months but less than 14 years that might be a fair solution, and how would you determine that?    Mr. Nadler. Okay, I understand that generic argument. I made it myself, but talking about design patents, one argument you made was that--I mean, there are two things here. One, people do not own cars for 14 years, and that would seem to argue against the 14-year patent, and two, you said that--I should not say nobody owns a car for 14 years. My father did, but most people do not.    Mr. Nadler. But that is number one, and number two, you pointed out that under this bill, it does not go into effect right away, that is 30 months after.    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Would there be a different period longer than 30 months but under 14 years that might be a more fair resolution?    Mr. Nadler. So your basic argument is uniformity of the patent law?    Mr. Nadler. Your basic argument is uniformity across different areas of the patent law?    Mr. Nadler. Got it. Thank you. I thank the Chairman for allowing me to question out of order.