    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Johnstone, you have an outstanding reputation. If you would actually tell us something, I would believe it. If you are just going to tell us that the decision was made by Secretary Kerry, you are not qualified to psychoanalyze him. If he made the decision, we ought to have him here and ask him. Because we asked you what your opinion is, and you won't tell us.    But let me go at this a different way. I tend to believe what Reuters reports. Pretty accurate service. More accurate than most. They report that Malaysia, Cuba, and China all got better ratings than your office wanted to give them. Can you give me any reason to disbelieve Reuters?    Mr. Sherman. I know.    Mr. Sherman. I know. Let us put, it is quite possible your office could make a mistake. It is quite possible you want to give some country a Tier 1, and due to factors and arguments made by others in the State Department they get a Tier 2. It is possible you give them a Tier 2----    Mr. Sherman . And some, and for other reasons outside your office they are given a Tier 3. And all of a sudden our trade negotiations blow up. That is possible. Didn't happen in this lifetime but it is possible.    But I am asking about your office. And I, I have got a report here from Reuters that says your office wanted to give a lower rating to Malaysia, Cuba, and China than they ultimately got. Can you give me a reason to disbelieve Reuters?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. You know, you could just say no, you are not going to give me a reason to disbelieve Reuters. Because telling me that you do a great job and that the other offices of the State Department do a great job is not answering, it is just telling me what, of course, the State Department believes, which is every office is doing a great job.    Can you give me a reason to disbelieve Reuters' report about what your office recommended?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. So that is not a reason to disbelieve Reuters. That is just a reason to say maybe Reuters was right, and your office recommended a lower. And maybe, and but maybe the upgrade was justified. But you are not telling me in your answer that there wasn't an upgrade from the position of your office. You are just telling me that there are other brilliant people at the State Department and they may have a good point.    Is that the point you are making? Or are you--I will stipulate, other folks in the State Department are brilliant. They have input. They may have good reason. And it could very well be that the upgrade is called for, an upgrade beyond what your department or office would recommend. But I am just asking about your office. Can you give me any reason to disbelieve the sentence I quoted from Reuters?    Mr. Sherman. Okay, okay. We will go on. We will go on.    Do you personally believe that Thailand deserves a worse grading than Malaysia? Your personal belief. Or do you simply choose not to give your personal belief?    Mr. Sherman. Could you give us your personal belief?    Mr. Sherman. I didn't ask for the Department's views. If you refuse to give me your personal views, just say you refuse, and I will go on, on to the next question.    Mr. Sherman. That is you are answering a question I--this is great, you won't answer the questions I do ask and you are answering the questions I don't ask. I realize that your office has got to fight with, argue with or at least discuss things with other bureaus and offices around the State Department. I am not asking what is the State Department's view. I got that in writing. I am asking what your view is and what your department's view is and you won't tell us.    And the fact that Secretary Kerry would send you here without instructing you or authorizing you to tell us what really happened gives me all the information I need. I have got a Reuters report that Secretary Kerry and the State Department is unwilling to deny.    Now I am not a good enough lawyer to get you to admit it. Okay, you know, you don't have to answer a question. But Reuters reports that your office wanted to give a lower grade, lower tier than these three countries ultimately got. You are not saying that is not the case. You are saying that the State Department is a brilliant organization with lots of brilliant people. Wouldn't want you to say anything else.    But if the State Department can't deny this Reuters report, then I think we know who controls the ultimate decisions. And that is those who want this trade deal. And I think this report is an important part of our human rights efforts. I don't think it is totally discredited. I think that it can be relied upon except when there are major diplomatic or economic reasons to go another way. And for 80, 90 percent of the countries there is no other reason, there is no strong other reason to go another way.    But can you mention any respected human rights organization that says Malaysia is entitled to be treated, given a higher grade than Thailand? You know them all. You work with them all. We have got another one of them coming for the second panel. But you know that is just one. He can only invite one. You probably, if I asked you, could identify 40 organizations, some very well known, some very well respected, some less so. Can you name anybody who doesn't get a paycheck from the State Department, who is involved in human rights who says that Malaysia deserves to be in a higher tier than Thailand?    Mr. Sherman. You know them all. Can you name one?    Mr. Sherman. And every NGO I am aware of, and you know a lot more than I do, every NGO I am aware of says that Malaysia is not entitled to be in a higher tier than Thailand. And so I go to you, the expert, and I say, Hey, there may be some organizations I haven't talked to or even heard of. And I ask you to name just one that thinks, you know, even if the community was 39 to 1 against the position this report takes, at least there would be one. And you know the top 40. Is there one that agrees with the report's decision to put Thailand in a lower category than Malaysia?    Mr. Sherman. That is a nice answer but you didn't name one. You didn't name one because there isn't one. If you knew one you would tell me, wouldn't you?    Mr. Sherman. And that is why it is the Secretary of State who ought to have the whatevers to come before Congress and defend this decision. Because it puts you in a terrible position. The Secretary made these decisions. Only he can indicate why he made them.    You don't know why he made them. I know why. You don't call me as a witness, but if I was called as a witness I would say he made them because he wants TPP to go forward and is willing to throw the Trafficking In Persons Report out the window. But I am not testifying to that because I am sitting up here. You haven't asked me to sit down there.    Look, you work very hard. For those of us who think that your work is very important this is a difficult situation. I respect your personal integrity. You have been put in a very difficult position. You have done as good a job as anyone could possibly due in justifying one of the worst decisions made by the Department this year. And you didn't make it.    And I will yield back.    Mr. Sherman. I fear some of my colleagues would be as tough on me as I am on so many witnesses. They have seen it. I don't have anything good, I don't have enough, enough in the karma bank to put myself through that.    Thank you.