    Mr. Mayenschein. Good afternoon, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, Chairman King, and Ranking Member Higgins, distinguished Members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Transportation Security Administration's role in surface transportation security.    The surface transportation enterprise is massive. It is a huge challenge to secure surface transportation systems in a society where the free movement of people and commerce is not only expected, it is a valued way of life. Unlike the aviation realm where TSA conducts security operations, TSA's role in surface is focused primarily on oversight, cooperation, and regulation.    Since its inception, TSA has worked collaboratively with surface transportation operators, security partners, and the Federal interagency to ensure appropriate security posture. Our emphasis has been four-fold: Intelligence and information, sharing transportation security grants, training and exercises, and operational augmentation.    Since 2002, TSA has valued collaborative information sharing among interagency and industry partners. Intelligence and information-sharing efforts are conducted through entities such as the Transit Policing and Security Peer Advisory Group, or the PAG, consisting of chiefs of police and security directors from 27 entities, including the largest U.S. public transportation systems, also Canada and the United Kingdom. We also host forums such as the Annual Mass Transit and Passenger Rail Security Roundtable and monthly industry operator conference calls in all modes.    TSA advises FEMA for DHS surface transportation grants and develops risk-based funding priorities on security initiatives in surface transportation. Since 2006, $2.3 billion has been made available via the various security grant programs.    Through close work with our partners, we provide resources for security exercises and training. With Congress' help, TSA created the Intermodal Security Training and Exercise Program, or I-STEP, to assist surface entities testing and evaluating their security plans and their ability to respond to incidents. Most recently, an I-STEP exercise was conducted in Philadelphia to prepare for the papal visit.    As was the practice first initiated by DOT's Federal Transit Administration, TSA also works very closely with our stakeholders to update and disseminate recommended security guidelines, such as security action items for mass transit, highway and freight rail, motor coach security best practices, and pipeline security smart practice observations.    Lastly, each of the surface modes has developed or is developing handbooks, guides, and/or security DVDs, Web-based training addressing such subjects as sabotage, IED detection and response, and highlights the DHS-sponsored Run, Hide, Fight active-shooter training.    The TSA First Observer program trains highway professionals to observe, assess, and report potential security and terrorism incidents. Beginning in 2004, and also with Congressional support and authorization, TSA expanded the National Explosive Detection K-9 Program to include mass transit, passenger rail systems, and ferries. Currently, 139 transit maritime K-9 teams are deployed to high-risk systems.    In the aftermath of the terrorism incidents in London's transit system in 2005, TSA created the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response, the VIPR team concept, to augment law enforcement and security personnel to enhance security in the Nation's transportation system. Currently, 31 VIPR teams are based in 20 high-risk locations throughout the Nation.    TSA appreciates the collaborative working relationship we have with our industry partners, including those from Amtrak and New York MTA, who are testifying on this panel today.    The recent incident in France is a reminder that we collectively must remain attentive to world-wide threats and incidents. Following that incident, transit and law enforcement agencies across the Nation participated in an Amtrak-sponsored operation known as RAILSAFE, which is conducted several times each year to deter terrorist activity through unpredictable security activities.    I thank the committee Members for their interest, and most importantly, their demonstrated support of these issues, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Mayenschein. Absolutely. I think what has happened with the surface transportation system is almost magical. It is a perfect match of Government and the private sector coordinating instantaneously and sharing information back and forth.    This is all pretty much in absence of regulations. Aviation, maritime is heavily regulated. Not so, so much in surface. This has all been done because of the need to do it. This constant sharing back and forth is really quite tremendous. We make each other better. They improve what we do. We improve what they do. We share the best practices across the networks. When we get information from GAO about improvements that need to be made, we welcome those and make those improvements. We just continually get better. It is pretty amazing to me.    Miss Rice. Ms. Hanson, would you add anything to that?    Mr. Mayenschein. Certainly the unknown, the home-grown, unknown, violent extremist. They are like an unguided missile, like a scud missile. We just don't know that they are there. I think that is the biggest threat.    Mr. Mayenschein. Yes.    Mr. Mayenschein. So there are a couple levels here. First of all, this Rail Sensitive Security Material, the RSSM, is something that we do pay attention to, that is regulated. It is inspected. There are regulations that require inspections for certain things. So that is your toxic inhalation hazards, your liquefied chlorine, all the methylethanol bad stuff that is on trains. But that is not Bakken crude. That is a hazardous material, a different classification. There are regulations requiring hazardous material.    So with the rate of inspections that go with this RSSM material, when it is transferred from shippers there are required inspections, when it transfers from one company's rail car to another company's rail car, there are required inspections, a surveillance of paperwork, and that sort-of thing.    Mr. Mayenschein. So if there is RSSM, there is toxic stuff, the car needs to be attended. I mean, that is part of the requirement, it needs to be attended.    Mr. Mayenschein. Okay, I will take that back and take a look at that for you and get back to you specifically and get you very specific data, particularly for the Newark area.    To the other part of your question, the TSA doesn't currently track hazardous materials in real time. So we don't presently do that. The TSA does have regulation and procedures in place to locate shipments of rail security and sensitive materials in the event of an elevated threat condition. So if there is an elevated threat condition, we will immediately reach out to the partners, the railroads, and they have 30 minutes to respond back to us to identify where those toxic inhalation hazards, those RSSM materials are located.    Mr. Mayenschein. Well, we are just now develop--we have always had an eye on cybersecurity, but in the last year this has become something that we are paying great attention to. Particularly we have seen a denial-of-service attacks at airlines, possibly other attacks.    So we are connected through the interagency. We are talking to our partners out in the private sector about cybersecurity. We address it. Just recently we had a newsletter that went out to our surface partners and right on the front page was cybersecurity.    So we are on top of it. We are learning, like everyone else is. This is another new threat against our homeland.    Mr. Mayenschein. Well, again, we are connected through all the agencies. In my shop at the TSA, I am the NIST builder for the TSA. So I am the direct connection there. It is a vibrant, on-going process. You know, I would be welcome to come and talk to you about how we do that very specifically. It is very convoluted, complex, but there is some great work that is done there.    Mr. Mayenschein. That is great.    Mr. Mayenschein. Well, again, we are just now building through a couple different departments at the TSA a coalition inside the TSA to start paying attention to these, not that we haven't been paying attention to them.    I don't know specifically if this is a reported event. I will get back to you specifically if cyber events or cyber attacks are reportable to the TSOC.    Certainly they should be and I will require that. That is something that I can do. If they are not, the------    Mr. Mayenschein. Well, again, if it is internal to the TSA, and I don't know of any of those events, but if it is something to one of our security partners that happened in the private sector, there is again this great dialogue and communication to kind-of close those things. But in additional steps, we will make sure that everybody within our stakeholders would know, this sharing of information, that there was an attack, cyber attack, and how it was done, and we would share that immediately.