    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the subcommittee here for just allowing me the privilege to sit in on this. I am grateful to everyone that is here. I know that we have had anti-Semitism in the world for a long time, but it does seem like in recent days it has surged and I am incredibly discouraged about all of that.    My biggest fear is that somehow the countries of the world would somehow believe that America's commitment to Israel has diminished because that is of strategic significance to make it clear to the world that America is firmly with Israel and that Israel is with America. I am convinced that Israel is as important to America as America is to Israel. I know of no people on earth that contribute more to the cause of humanity than the people of Israel.    Mr. Chairman, it brings to my mind a quote by Shekh Hassan Nasrallah that really, I think, puts it into perspective. This is a jihadist that would do everything he could to destroy Israel if he could. And he said, ``You know, we have discovered how to hit the Jews where they are most vulnerable. The Jews love life. So that is what we shall take from them. We will win because they love life and we love death.'' Now that is a very frightening equation to face an enemy that loves death and is willing to embrace death in order to destroy another people based on just a bigoted point of view.    I would suggest to you, Mr. Chairman, that should be reason for great concern on the part of all us. The Jewish people have demonstrated a history that is unparalleled. when the Holocaust was over, if any people in the world had reason to quit, I suppose it was them, but instead of being crushed and instead of completely giving up, they got their revenge by living. They dried their eyes and looked up again and they began to build. And they built a community and they built a nation and today they are a force in the world for good and today, the Nazis are gone and Israel remains.    And Mr. Chairman, I think we need all be very committed to make sure that tomorrow, the jihadists will be gone and Israel will remain. I am grateful to you, sir, for this very valuable hearing. I think it is important that the world and the people of Israel know that some of their rhetoric that has come from our administration lately does not reflect the hearts of the Congress.    And with that, sir, I thank you for the opportunity.