    Ms. Speier. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    And I too am privileged to serve with you as ranking member of this committee. I really think that there is no higher calling for all of us as Members of Congress than to do rigorous investigations and oversight. And I look forward to working with you, and recognizing that together in a bipartisan fashion we can address very thorny issues that come before us and hopefully come up with constructive solutions.    I yield back.    Ms. Speier. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Thank you for addressing this important topic. I also wish to thank our witnesses for appearing here this afternoon and for sharing with us their insights and their expertise.    Madam Chairwoman, it is long past time for the United States Government to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. Its continuing operation damages national security by justifying abhorrent extremist behavior, by undermining relationships with allies and partners around the globe, and by wasting valuable national resources that could be put to productive use.    Whether we like it or not, the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay is an injurious symbol. Whether a fair representation or not, to many in the world Guantanamo symbolizes a manifestation of lawless abuse. It is an emblem that fuels twisted ideological propaganda, and it is an effective tool in the corruption and recruitment of individuals by organizations that exist to do innocent people grave harm.    Al Qaeda in its various forms has long been considered Guantanamo a useful totem. But we would need to look no further than the recent atrocities that have been brutally committed and luridly disseminated by the so-called Islamic State for proof of Guantanamo's enduring liability.    The Islamic State has purposely utilized imagery that evokes common conceptions of Guantanamo, such as cages and captives garbed in orange jumpsuits, in an effort to make its jihadist message resonate among those susceptible individuals who might be outraged by such references and persuaded to convert their anger into violence.    Even Al Qaeda's own English-language magazine, Inspire, uses those detained at Guantanamo as a rallying cry. Madam Chairwoman, for these reasons we need to treat the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo as a national security imperative. The breadth and depth of opposition to Guantanamo cannot be overstated.    President Barack Obama and President George W. Bush, Secretary Hagel, Secretary Panetta, Secretary Gates, Generals Dempsey and Petraeus, and Admiral Mullen, all similarly support the cessation of detention operations at Guantanamo. These are seasoned leaders, and we should respect their views, which are based on extensive experience in weighing and balancing competing national security risk.    I also have here a letter, Madam Chair, written to Senators McCain and Reid by 42 retired flag and generals in the U.S. military. And I just want to read one or two sentences from their letter: ``It is hard to overstate how damaging the continued existence of the detention facility at Guantanamo has been and continues to be. It is a critical national security issue. Many of us have been told on repeated occasions by our friends in countries around the world that the greatest single action the United States can take to fight terrorism is to close Guantanamo.''    I would like to have this submitted for the record.    Ms. Speier. Responsibly managed transfers of select individuals from Guantanamo into the custody of foreign countries constitutes the necessary first steps towards closing the detention center there and to embracing a more pragmatic detention policy which strengthens national security and upholds American values.    As it stands, only 122 detainees remain under lock and key at Guantanamo, and 54 of those individuals are currently deemed eligible for transfer to another country because they have been put through a rigorous interagency review process, and it has been determined that the risk of their returning to the fight can be mitigated.    We need to put more confidence in this process. Although one may never be complete in eliminating the risk that a transferred individual will reengage, the risk can be managed. In fact, the reengagement figures associated with the review process are down dramatically. According to the intelligence community, of the 88 transfers that occurred after January 2009, 6.8 percent of the transferred individuals are confirmed to have reengaged, and 1 is suspected of having reengaged.    Contrast those figures with the 19 percent confirmed and 14.3 percent suspected of reengagement among the 532 transfers that took place prior to 2009 that are over 30 percent. To me, the risk of reengagement is outweighed by the risk that Guantanamo's stigma will foment violent activities perpetrated by extremist individuals and organizations.    Congress needs to help the President develop a more rational detention policy that bolsters national security and that is true to our values. The detention facility at Guantanamo is an obstacle that needs to be surmounted. We need to accelerate the process of responsibly transferring the detainees that we can off the island.    Thank you again, Madam Chairwoman. Although the detainee transfer issue is one that has proven divisive and one that will continue to spark vigorous debate, it is an issue on which we must stay informed and in which should facilitate progress.    I look forward to a very frank and purposeful discussion in closed session, and I yield back the balance of my time.