    Mr. Morell. Thank you.    Chairman Thornberry, Congresswoman Sanchez, members of the committee, good morning, and thank you for the invitation to be here today to talk about an extremely important national security challenge facing our Nation.    It is an honor to be here. Indeed, I am humbled that you have asked me here to hear my thoughts. And it is good to see so many old friends, both on the committee and here at the table with me.    I plan on keeping my opening remarks short. Over the years, I have come to understand that questions and answers are a much more effective way to get to understanding than hearing somebody read a long testimony.    Let me start with the bottom line: I believe ISIS poses a significant strategic and lethal threat to the United States of America. That is a very strong statement. Let me walk you through why I believe that.    The nature and the significance of the threat posed by ISIS flows from the fact that ISIS is at the same time a terrorist group, a quasi-state, and a revolutionary political movement. We have not faced the likes of it before.    As a terrorist group, ISIS poses a threat to the U.S. homeland. In mid-2015, so just 6 months ago, that threat was largely indirect--ISIS's ability to radicalize young American men and women to conduct lone-wolf attacks here. That indirect threat remains today.    There are thousands of ISIS sympathizers in the United States, more than Al Qaeda ever had. The FBI has over 900 open investigations into homegrown extremists, the vast majority radicalized by ISIS and a large number of which relate to individuals who may be plotting attacks here.    Such attacks have already occurred in the United States, including the attack in San Bernardino last month, which in terms of fatalities was the largest terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11. There are other ISIS supporters who have been arrested before they could act.    Today, in addition to that indirect threat, we face a direct threat from ISIS--an ISIS capability to plan and direct attacks in the homeland from the group's safe haven in Iraq and Syria, largely from Raqqah in Syria, just like the group did in Paris in November. The Paris attack, as you know, was the largest attack in Western Europe since the Madrid train bombings in 2004 and the first ISIS-directed attack in the West ever.    What is the difference between the direct threat and an indirect threat? Why does it matter? A lone-wolf attack, while horrific, is likely to produce fairly limited casualties on the order of the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013--3 killed--or the shootings at Fort Hood in 2009--12 killed.    A directed attack, however, carries the potential to be more complex and more sophisticated--multiple simultaneous attacks, for example--and, therefore, more deadly, again, just like Paris--130 killed--or London in 2005--56 killed--or even 9/11 itself.    The attack in Paris was the first manifestation of an effort that ISIS has made to put together an attack capability in Europe, an effort they began less than a year before the Paris attack. More attacks in Europe are likely. The head of the U.K.'s domestic security agency has warned that ISIS is planning mass casualty attacks in Britain. ISIS has said that it wants to conduct similar attacks in the United States.    One of the things I learned in 33 years in the CIA is sometimes it is really important to listen to what your adversary tells you. Sometimes they tell you exactly what they are going to do. ISIS has told us they are going to attack us here.    Now that they have the attack capability in Europe, they are almost certainly working to do the same thing here. And unless they are degraded, they will succeed. I don't have any doubt about that.    Switching from terrorist group to quasi-state, as a quasi-state, ISIS poses a threat to regional stability. ISIS is a state in every respect of the word except one: It does not have foreign recognition or relations with other states. But in every other respect it is a state. It has an executive, it has an army, it has a police force, it has a set of laws, it has a judiciary, it provides social services, it takes care of its poor, and it raises taxes.    Why does it matter that ISIS is a quasi-state? Two reasons.    One is that, as a state, it can utilize all of the resources, human and otherwise, within the area that it controls in the pursuit of its objectives. The best example of this is the tens of millions of dollars a month in revenue that ISIS earns from taxing the people that are inside the caliphate. They actually earn more in taxes than they do in oil sales.    And, two, the second reason it is important that it is a state is that it is going to make it more difficult to dislodge them. They have become deeply rooted in the areas that they control. The ISIS threat to regional stability is a threat to the very territorial integrity of the current nation-states there, a threat to inflame the entire region, I think, in sectarian war.    All of this--all of this--in a part of the world that still provides almost a third of the world's oil supply; a region that is home to one of America's closest allies, Israel; and a region that is home to a set of close American allies, the Gulf Arab states, that are a bulwark against Iran's push for hegemony in the region.    Third, as a revolutionary political movement, ISIS is gaining affiliates--this was mentioned in the opening statements--ISIS is gaining affiliates among extremist groups around the world. These groups are signing up for what ISIS desires as its objective: a global caliphate where day-to-day life is governed by extreme religious views. In the mind of ISIS, its global caliphate would extend to the United States of America itself.    When they join ISIS, these affiliates evolve from focusing on local issues, local grievances, to focusing on establishing an extension of the caliphate themselves. They want their own little caliphates. And their targets evolve from local to international ones. This is the story of the bombing of the Russian airliner by an ISIS group in the Egyptian Sinai, only the third airliner brought down by a bomb in the last 25 years. It is remarkable.    ISIS has gained affiliates faster than Al Qaeda ever did. From nothing a year ago, there are now militant groups in nearly 20 countries that have sworn allegiance to ISIS. They have conducted attacks that have already killed Americans, and they carry the potential to, themselves, grab large amounts of territory.    Libya is a place where this could happen in the near term. ISIS controls territory in Libya. They are currently expanding that territory, and foreign fighters are beginning to go to Libya to fight with the ISIS group there. I would not be surprised if we woke up one morning and ISIS in Libya had grabbed a large part of Libyan territory, the same kind of blitzkrieg on a smaller scale that we saw in Iraq.    Degrading and ultimately defeating ISIS will both require removing the leadership from the battlefield and will require the shrinking and the eventual elimination of the safe haven, the elimination of the quasi-state, which is currently the size of Great Britain.    The safe haven, the state, is a key part of the ISIS narrative that it is winning. As long as they have it--right?--they have a narrative that they are winning. This narrative is absolutely critical to them. It is absolutely critical to radicalizing homegrown extremists here and absolutely critical to creating affiliates among other militant groups around the world.    The safe haven provides security for ISIS to plot and to train. There are two things that are necessary for a successful attack on the homeland: a desire to do so and the capability to do it. And the safe haven allows for the building of that capability.    And the safe haven provides a place for foreign fighters to gather. No safe haven, no place to gather. Nearly 30,000 individuals from over 100 countries have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight. Some are homesteading there to help create the caliphate. Others will die on the battlefield. But still others will return home, carrying with them the potential to conduct attacks. This has already happened in Europe, as you know. This creates the potential for attacks that cause more casualties because the individuals who return home will have battlefield experience.    Removing the leadership is easier than eliminating the safe haven. The former requires good intelligence and the military assets to turn that intelligence into action. The latter requires complex military operations in both Iraq and Syria, and it requires a political solution in Damascus to the problem of Bashar al-Assad and a political solution in Iraq to the problem of the disenfranchisement of the Sunnis there.    Mr. Chairman, let me close with this. Early last month, during a debate in the British Commons over whether Parliament should authorize British air strikes against ISIS in Syria, the Labour Party's shadow minister for foreign affairs, Hilary Benn, gave a remarkable speech. Some of his colleagues called it one of the greatest speeches in the history of the British Commons.    Benn, breaking with his own party leader and supporting British air strikes in Syria, said, and I quote, ``We are here faced by fascists, not just their calculated brutality but their belief that they are superior to every single one of us in this chamber tonight and all of the people that we represent. They hold us in contempt. They hold our values in contempt. They hold our belief in tolerance and decency in contempt. They hold our very democracy in contempt.''    Benn went on, and I quote, ``What we know about fascists is that they need to be defeated. It is why this entire house stood up against Hitler and Mussolini. We must now confront this evil.''    Mr. Chairman, I associate myself with Hilary Benn's remarks. That is the picture as I see it as a former intelligence officer who spent years watching Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups. I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Dr. Vickers.    Mr. Morell. So I agree with both of my colleagues here that we need to do more. I also believe very much what Robert said, that we really can't have military success--and there is a lot we need to do on the military side, but we really can't have military success without political solutions in both places. That has to come first.    Airpower alone is not going to win it. We need to do more than airpower. You know, Mike can talk about that. There is more we can do with airpower, but airpower is not going to win this thing alone. We need a ground force. There is a strategy in Iraq to get that ground force. Ramadi showed that that strategy has potential. There is no ground force on the Syrian side that carries the same kind of potential as the Iraqi military carries.    And, you know, we can do more, I think, with the moderate opposition, but at the end of the day, I think Assad has to go. And we have to take Syrian military security resources, as degraded as they have become, and turn them into a force that the international community supports in taking on ISIS.    So I think we need to be more aggressive on the military side to put pressure on both ISIS and Assad in the short term while we get very, very aggressive on the political side, on the diplomatic side, to force political solutions in both places.    Mr. Morell. Ma'am, I think you hit on something really important at the beginning of your question when you talked about what are these guys after, what do they want. And as an intelligence officer, I think it is really important to understand your enemy.    And what these guys are all about is they believe that Allah has chosen them personally to prepare the world for the coming of the Mahdi. And that preparation involves giving people the choice between becoming a Muslim, a good Muslim in their definition, or being killed. And then, once all of that work has been done--that is the establishment of the caliphate--then the Mahdi comes and the end of the world happens and God sorts out the good from the bad.    That is what they believe. They believe that based on, you know, not very good readings of the Koran, not very particularly good interpretations of what it is they are looking at. It is exactly--exactly--what the Al Qaeda leadership believed, exactly the same, about what their ultimate goals are and their ultimate objectives. And we need to understand that.    Mr. Morell. So I share your concerns.    They have made two things very clear publicly in documents that have come out. One is that if they acquired these weapons that they would use them, and they wouldn't care that the vast majority of those killed were civilians. And they have also provided a religious justification very similar to Al Qaeda's--in fact, I think it was identical to Al Qaeda's--justification for using such weapons.    I have no doubt that they are pursuing such weapons. I do not know how far along they are. I don't have access to intelligence anymore.    But one thing--you know, the safe haven here is so important for many, many reasons, and one of the reasons is exactly this--right?--is, when you have safe haven, it gives you opportunities to work on weapons like this. Al Qaeda made significant advances in anthrax research because they had a safe haven.    And so I am concerned that as long as they have a safe haven they will have the space. And because they are a quasi-state they can use the human resources within that state--right?--as they pursue these things.    So I don't know where it stands at the moment, but I am deeply concerned about it.    Mr. Morell. So I think it is a long-term commitment. I can't give you, you know, a number of years, but I think it is a long-term commitment.    I think the departure of U.S. forces from Iraq in 2011 is a big part of the story here of why we are where we are. I am not casting blame in any direction here. I am just saying I think it is a big part of why we are sitting here today.    Mr. Morell. You know, I would point out that we needed to be in South Korea for a very, very, very long time to maintain stability on the peninsula. So I think you are looking at, you know, 10, 15, 20 years of U.S. commitment to this region in a very, very significant way.    Mr. Morell. So I will start.    You know, I think that Vladimir Putin's objective, main objective--there are a lot of different objectives in what he did, but his main objective was to prop up Assad, who, when Putin made his move, Assad was at his weakest point since the fall of 2012. And Putin believes that he needs to prop up Assad because Putin is concerned that, if Assad goes, there will be chaos in Syria and there will be more running room for ISIS.    And like Robert, I don't necessarily believe that. Right? It depends on what comes next. Right? So what we need is a transition from Assad to a government that all Syrians can agree with. That is the transition we need. And if that happens, then Putin is wrong. Then Assad going is not a bad thing; Assad going is a good thing.    And what Putin has done is now made that potential transition much more difficult. Because Assad was on the verge--right?--of falling, essentially, and allowing us to get to that new government, right? And now Russia has made that so much more difficult. And what he has done is also now made Russia a player at the table, right? So Russia is now going to get to determine how that negotiation goes because of what he did.    I will let others comment, as well.    Mr. Morell. I will start. It is a great question.    You know, I believe--and I am going to broaden out here from just ISIS in Iraq and Syria to the extremist problem in general--since 9/11, the United States of America has done a remarkable job at protecting the homeland from another attack. We have done a remarkable job, up to now with ISIS I would say, disrupting, degrading terrorist organizations so that they can't conduct an attack here. We have put intelligence resources on it in a substantial way, military resources on it in a substantial way. If you are plotting an attack against the United States, we are going to find you and we are going to do something about it.    What we have done a horrible job at, an absolutely horrible job, is dealing with the fundamental roots of the problem.    Mr. Morell. You know, for every thousand hours that I sat in the Sit Room talking about what to do about terrorists who already exist, I spent maybe an hour talking about how do we prevent the creation of terrorists in the first place. And I am just making up these numbers, but for every $1 million that the United States of America spends on dealing with terrorists that already exist, maybe we spend a dollar on how do we prevent the creation of terrorists in the first place.    And it is not something the United States can do on its own. You know, we need the leadership of Muslim countries, we need clerics in Muslim countries, we need teachers in Muslim countries, and parents in Muslim countries.    There needs to be a big strategy to get our arms around this. It is economic, it is political, it is social, and it is religious. We and our allies need a strategy to deal with the radicalization problem, or, as quickly as we deal with one group, another group is going to pop up somewhere and we are going to have a problem somewhere else.    So I would say that the next administration really needs to take a really hard look at how we deal with radicalization in the first place.    Mr. Morell. So I will go first here.    You know, I am deeply concerned about Iran. The nuclear issue is not the only problem that we have with the Iranians. We have a long list of problems with the Iranians.    Number one, they want to be the hegemonic power in the region. They want to call the shots. They want the influence. It is not incorrect to say that they want to reestablish the Persian Empire. And it is not just this government; it is not just this Supreme Leader. It goes way back in Iranian history. The Shah wanted to do it.    So that is number one. That is not in our interest, in my view.    Two, I think it is fair to say--Michael will correct me here if I am wrong. I think it is fair to say that Iran is the only country on the planet that still, itself, conducts terrorism as a tool of statecraft against its neighbors, around the world. The IRGC Quds Force conducts terrorist acts. That is not a good thing.    Three, Iran supports international terrorist groups. Hezbollah could not exist without the support it gets from Iran. And just a reminder: Prior to 9/11, Hezbollah killed more Americans than any other terrorist group on the planet.    Four, it is Iranian state policy--it is Iranian state policy for the state of Israel to be the wiped off the face of the planet. And if you don't believe me, just listen to the Supreme Leader; he says it all the time. He actually has a 9- or 10-point plan to destroy Israel. You can Google it, ``Supreme Leader, Iran, Israel, nine-point plan,'' and you will see it. He claims it is nonviolent. I don't know how you remove a country from the planet without violence, however.    And then you put the nuclear program on top of all that.    So this is, I believe, a strategic threat to the region and a strategic threat to the United States of America.    Mr. Morell. No, not at all. And I think the proper response is that we push back on malign behavior in the region by Iran. We have to show them that we are going to stand up to them. That will send them a very powerful message, and it will send our allies a very powerful message. Right now, our allies think that they are all alone against their version of the Soviet Union. And that is not too strong a statement, Congressman.    Mr. Morell. Yeah, I don't know the answer to the question, Congressman. I don't know if the Europeans are doing something that we are not.    I do know the problem is bigger in Europe than it is here. Their radicalization problem is much worse. Muslim communities in Europe are simply not as well integrated into the European society. Muslims in America are much better integrated.    The Internet is a huge problem, but the bigger problem than the vehicle for the message is the resonance of the message. And it is a very powerful message. It is a very powerful message that the West, led by the United States, is trying to destroy our religion, and we need you to fight for us, we need you to fight for your religion.    And we don't have a lot of credibility, we or the Western European governments, don't have a lot of credibility in pushing back against that message because we don't have any credibility because we are not Muslim. So there are others who have to get the right counter-narrative.    So it is more the message than it is the vehicle for it.    I will also say, just to reiterate something that Robert said earlier, the fact that they have a safe haven gives them great credibility in spreading their message. It makes them the center of mass in the jihadi movement. People want to join the winners. And if you put the message with that, that is where the power comes from.    Mr. Morell. Congressman, I would just add that, you know, I think the illegitimating of the religious justification for what jihadists are doing, whether they are ISIS or Al Qaeda or anybody else, has got to come from the Muslim leadership.    President Sisi in Egypt gave a remarkable speech a year ago, a year ago this month, where he basically said that there needs to be a revolution inside of Islam. He has not done any follow-up to that, as far as I am aware, but it was a remarkable speech at the time, and it was absolutely right.    There are plenty of verses in the Bible that would seem to justify violence, but there aren't a lot of--there is not a significant number of Christians who act on that. We moved beyond that. Islam needs to do the same. And that is what President Sisi was saying.    And we don't have credibility in making those arguments. We just don't. And so we need to have conversations with the leadership in the Muslim world about how they need to take this on themselves. But I think that is something that America's diplomats need to talk to the leadership of those countries about.    Mr. Morell. So I will answer the intelligence question now because it is an area that we need--I don't know if it is put more emphasis on, because I know there is a lot of emphasis, but it is an area we need to improve on significantly.    We need two types of intelligence out of ISIS. We need intelligence on their plans and intentions and specific plots that they are planning, both in the region and in Europe and the United States, if we are going to be able to disrupt those.    And we need intelligence that will give us a lot more targets on the ground. You know, Mike talked about our success against Al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan post-9/11. It was because we had very specific intelligence on what the target should be. All right?    So I think we need a much better intelligence in those two areas. It is very difficult to get because we are not on the ground in the caliphate. So we are going to need partnerships with a lot of different people in order to get the assets that we need to get inside the ISIS leadership and to get those targets on the ground that we need. And it probably needs to be the most important thing that the intelligence community is doing at the moment.    Mr. Morell. 900.    Mr. Morell. I think, Congressman, the vast majority are U.S. citizens.    Mr. Morell. Congressman, I just don't know that data.    Mr. Morell. There are militant groups in about 20 countries that associate themselves in some way with ISIS. ISIS does not have----    Mr. Morell. No.    Mr. Morell. No. No. They claim territory in a handful of them.    Mr. Morell. And some of those have no contact with the ISIS leadership in Raqqah. Some of them do. ISIS has sent emissaries to some of these places to interact with these guys.    Mr. Morell. You know, we all three of us--right?--have made points about how important safe haven is, how important territory is. And that is true for those militant groups who associate themselves with ISIS, as it is for ISIS.    Mr. Morell. No.    Mr. Morell. No. They have cells, they have terrorist cells in Saudi Arabia.    Mr. Morell. We are. In particular, the Khorasan Group, which is associated with al-Nusrah and is the external operations arm of al-Nusrah.    Mr. Morell. I don't. I know there was a flurry of attacks on them early.    Mr. Morell. Those attacks were successful.    You know, the focus is on ISIS for obvious reasons, but my sense is that we are targeting other groups in Syria.    Just to go back to what you said about Egypt, which I think is very, very important, Congresswoman, I agree with what Robert said earlier, that it is very important for the United States to be able to segregate. It is very important for us to be able to say to President Sisi, here are the things that you are doing that we don't like, but here are the things that we are going to support you on 100 percent.    And I think it is very important to be able to have those conversations and to separate your policy in a way that you can be supportive of the very, very important things that a leader might be doing even though you have some other problems with him.    Mr. Morell. Yes, they do.    Mr. Morell. Sir, I would say that there is not much that I have said here today that my former organization hasn't shared with the President of the United States.    Mr. Morell. I mean, I do think there are the guys who actually are acting on the beliefs, and then there is another group who share those beliefs and aren't acting on them, and then there is a not insignificant number--it is not a majority, but not an insignificant number--who are comfortable with all of it. And you see it in polls. Absolutely, you do.    And it just reinforces--right?--what we talked about earlier, the importance of getting your arms around the creation of terrorists in the first place--right?--and not just dealing with them once they have been created.    Mr. Morell. I agree, but I do think you need to be very careful about collateral damage. Right? I do think you need to be very careful that we don't create a bigger problem than we solve by broadening the target set. So agree that it should be broadened, but broadened within the context of minimizing collateral damage.    Mr. Morell. So, in the discussion we had earlier about dealing with radicalization in the first place--that is what you are talking about, right? I think Saudi Arabia is a center of where that needs to take place. So there needs to be a discussion with the Saudis about their support for Wahhabism and how it should be treated and how they should think about it. So, absolutely right.    Mr. Morell. So, Congressman, I think that extremism has been a problem within the religion for a very, very long time, since its birth actually.    I think modern Islamic extremism can be dated to 1979. I think that is when modern Shia extremism started, with the revolution in Iran and the takeover of the U.S. Embassy and the direction the Iranian Government took as a result.    And I also think that modern Sunni extremism started in 1979, with the takeover of the Grand Mosque in Mecca by a group of Sunnis who believed that Saudi Arabia was modernizing way too quickly.    So, yeah, I do think it has its roots in the late 1970s.    Mr. Morell. I agree with what both Robert and Mike have said. I am much more concerned about Iranian escalation than I am about Russian escalation.    I think the key to getting the Russians on board with the strategy that you eloquently outlined here is to get the Russians to twist the arm of the Iranians. I think that is how the process has to go. Bring enough pain to the Russians where they see the solution that we all see, and then get them to twist the Iranians' arm.