    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. This is an important hearing.    Mr. Conner, I note--your pages aren't numbered like my students in my law class, but it is under ``Delegated Authority.''    Ms. Norton. You go to great lengths to commend FAA's delegated authority.    Ms. Norton. You say there are stringent FAA requirements. You say you are held to very high standards.    Ms. Norton. You talk about rigorous and closely overseen ODA systems. I wonder how you reconcile this glowing report with what the DOT and IG and the GAO have said and how they have criticized.    Ms. Norton. It seems to me it is fair to say sharply criticized both of them. These are independent overseers. Sharply criticized FAA oversight of certification programs. How do you reconcile your glowing report with these criticisms?    Ms. Norton. Well, let me just ask you about being constantly evaluated. There has been sequestration. There have been cuts. There have been furloughs. How often are you audited?    Ms. Norton. Well, I wish you----    Ms. Norton. So you see no shortage of personnel that had an effect or the cuts or the sequestration. You see none of that reflected?    Ms. Norton. I think it is fair to put it on the record because if there are deficiencies, the question is going to come forward, are the deficiencies on your part or were those charged with oversight not doing their job? And I think it is important to note that you have testified that sequestration and cuts have had an effect on the ability of FAA to do its audits.    Could I ask you something about----    Ms. Norton. So they are meeting the minimum requirements?    Ms. Norton. Could I ask you something about Boeing and noise or airplanes and noise?    Ms. Norton. We are in a region--and this is typical of the United States, large cities, quiet suburbs--there have been real complaints about noise, and we find that what happens is that airplanes get rerouted. Well, if they get rerouted, for example, from the Nation's Capital, they are going over suburban Virginia, so then they complain.    Ms. Norton. Are you able to improve the noise levels of aircraft today at a rate that would satisfy these issues and what is going to be a situation where everybody's going to live in an impacted environment, even those who live in the suburbs?    Ms. Norton. So those are part of the standards that you have to comply with?    Ms. Norton. So I will save that question for the FAA.    Ms. Norton. Finally, could I ask you, concerning international flights, your honest view, whether you have any compunctions, any fear, any sense that you should bring to our attention about these disastrous international accidents that have happened recently on international airlines? I want to know if you believe their counterpart oversight equals ours. I, of course, refer to the Malaysia Airlines, the most recent one, and, of course, to AirAsia.    Ms. Norton. But on a peer basis, in dealing with these airlines, do you have confidence in airlines on an international basis that they are being held to the same kind of standards that you regard as rigorous that you are being held to?    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Baker, I am about to have a town meeting in the District of Columbia because of complaints about noise over residential neighborhoods, and I asked Mr. Conner of Boeing whether or not noise was a part of the process. I think you yourself have testified that it is now part of the process.    Now, what we found out was that when there were complaints in the past about flying over areas, residential areas, in this case in Virginia, what FAA did was simply to fly over areas in the District of Columbia. As a part of the Next Gen process, you are supposed to have quieter aircraft, and, of course, Mr. Conner testified they were quieter. We have asked for aircraft to be flown over the river.    We are wondering whether when you get complaints about noise, why are we getting complaints about noise with all the new technology; and two, why would the FAA simply go from one area to another area to relieve those complaints? Do you have a system for relieving those complaints such as, for example, our suggestion in the Nation's Capital that you fly over the river where no one lives?    Ms. Norton. Noise is part of certification. Do you believe that considering Next Gen, and Next Gen is already in effect, to some extent, that the noise levels are consistent with increasingly flying over inhabited neighborhoods?    Ms. Norton. Are you saying that EPA has told you that the noise levels are acceptable and that I should be talking to the     Ms. Norton. So here we have delegation on top of delegation?    Ms. Norton. Let me ask a question that was never fully answered. It is very interesting and in some ways troubling to hear Mr. Conner testify, I think he raised this on his own accord, that FAA should not lose its own gold standard role. There was no question but that he feared that that was happening.    I then asked him whether or not sequester and cuts had had any effect. He didn't say they were the cause of the loss of the gold standard, but he testified that those cuts had hurt, and he gave some specific ways in which they had hurt. Now leave aside China. This is my question. Why is the United States losing what had been the gold standard? What happened here, we are fine with you. What is the source of this loss of that lead role since there is no question, if you leave aside China, even the Europeans are second-guessing our role. I ask that of all three of you.    Ms. Norton. So Dr. Dillingham----    Ms. Norton . You are telling me it is not OK today?    Ms. Norton. So you don't think it casts any doubt on our standards here. It is just that everybody wants to do it his own way and wants to repeat what has already been done.    Ms. Norton. Can I ask you this: In terms of the training, Ms. Baker, of your own engineers, we understand there is a shortage. I don't know what it takes to be an engineer, if you have to be an engineer to be a certified engineer, but there are complaints of inadequate training, even from your own personnel. What are the difficulties you are encountering in certification of engineers so that you can feel confident that, in fact, the inspections should be recognized everywhere?    Ms. Norton. Do you do your own training?    Ms. Norton. Thank you.