    Mr. KIND. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Cohen, thank you for your testimony here today on an important topic.    But before I do, since you are a representative from CMS before the panel today, I cannot help but commend you and CMS for moving forward on advanced care planning reimbursement.    Mr. KIND. It was long overdue. Many of us were actively engaged, including my absent colleague. I am not here to call him out right now, but Mr. Blumenauer and the leadership that he provided.    I hale from a part of the country in Western Wisconsin. We are very proud of the advanced directive programs that have been established at Gundersen Lutheran, Mayo Health Clinic, all over my district. I am a member at Gundersen Lutheran myself. Ninety-five percent of the patients there have an advanced directive on record. I have one. My wife has one. My teenage boys do. My parents do, and what a relief that is that they are respecting our decisions when it comes to end of life care planning.    And I always thought it was wrong that our health care providers were not being reimbursed for the education and the consultation that inevitably has to occur to help patients through this planning process.    So thank you for moving forward on that.    Now, back to the health CO-OPs. Again, I am from Wisconsin. Every time you turn around in our State you see a CO-OP. We are not afraid of CO-OPs. They are very successful business models in the private sector, whether it is farm co-ops, whether it is the health care CO-OP we have right now that is thriving in the Madison area, whether it is financial co-ops. Shoot, even the Green Bay Packers you could claim is a co-op because it is a fan-owned team, and granted, I will concede to you that they failed miserably the other night against the Broncos, but the Packer model has generally worked pretty well, and it is a matter of consumer owned, consumer driven, and that is the whole concept behind the CO-OPs.    But as you mentioned in your testimony, they were going to face some difficulties. Start-up capital any new business needs is tough to come by. Making sure you get the risk corridor, the risk management done the right way, and that is my question to you.    For any insurance company, whether it is a nonprofit CO-OP or a private or large or small, if you do not get the right blend of customers in there from older to younger and healthier, it is going to be very tough to stay in this very difficult business.    Are we doing enough in order to attract especially the younger, healthier people into the CO-OPs or into the exchanges or what have, or is there a lot more work that we need to do in order to spread that risk and have a better chance of managing it?    Mr. KIND. I am sure the CO-OPs are probably experiencing the same challenge of trying to attract that risk pool----    Mr. KIND . That can make it work and viable for them.    Another concern I want to raise with you and I am wondering if you are sharing it is obviously when you have CO-OPs failing, it means less competition in the marketplace, but we are also seeing on the other end greater mergers in the insurance market.    Is that something that we ought to be paying closer attention to, the consolidations and the mergers in the private health insurance world right now?    Mr. KIND. My time is about to expire, but could you also just quickly address what is going on with the individual health insurance market right now? I am talking about those people who do not qualify for premium tax credits. Where they are seeing their premiums because I have had a couple of encounters back home of individuals who do not qualify and how expensive it is and where they are seeing their own premiums going right now.    Mr. KIND. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.