    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And it is indeed an honor to join you, Chairman Rohrabacher, and I thank you for your leadership on this extremely important issue.    And, Mr. Blumenauer, it is a delight to be with you again, and thank you for your legislation, which did become law, which I think is a landmark piece of legislation. It was very bipartisan, but you walked point, and I thank you for that extraordinary leadership as well.    Like you, Mr. Chairman, my subcommittee has had and held several hearings on health and water, and it is clear that without adequate supplies of clean drinking water and proper sanitation no health programming can succeed. Indeed, the World Health Organization estimates that because of a lack of access to safe drinking water and sanitation, more than 14,000 people die daily from water-borne illnesses which cause more than 1 billion cases of intestinal worms, 1.4 million child deaths each year from diarrhea, 860,000 child deaths each year from malnutrition, and 500,000 deaths from all age groups each year from malaria.    I note parenthetically that I have introduced legislation that we are really pushing hard to enact about neglected tropical diseases, and it would really take that whole issue to a new realm of prioritization and backing. But, again, without water, and without trying to address water needs, all of those efforts are stymied. And of course, that is integrated into our bill.    It is troubling that so many people in the world do not have ready access to water. The U.N. has estimated 2.6 billion people have gained access to safe drinking water over the last 25 years, but another 663 million continue to lack access as of this year. Nearly half of these people live in Africa, another fifth live in South Asia.    As we know, the U.N. Millennium Development Goals, the MDGs, included a target for access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation. According to the U.N., global goals for access for water are being met, but sanitation continues to be unmet. Of course, that is defined as having globally the proportion of people who are without sustainable access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation. So it is a movement in the right direction, but certainly not an achievement of universal access.    Over the past 10 years, the U.S. Government has spent $3.5 billion on water, sanitation, and hygiene, or WASH programming. Nevertheless, even after several water acts passed by Congress and great international effort to bring countries up to global WASH standards, U.S. programming still remains somewhat disjointed. According to the GAO study just being concluded, there is no uniform model that has been created for WASH programming. USAID was supposed to present a comprehensive plan for WASH programming this year, but none has been released as of this time.    Even if a model program were to be made adaptable to each country, by now there should be some overall strategy for how to design a program, monitor its progress, and evaluate its outcomes. In too many countries in which USAID operates WASH programs, there is no comprehensive program. Monitoring is limited and evaluation fails to adequately assess the statistics being provided by host governments.    The human cost of failure to provide adequate WASH programming is too high to allow substandard programming to continue. We will hear that there has been progress made, and this is indeed promising, but there is more that must be done. And, again, we have the experts here today to provide a road map to our committees as to how we should proceed.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, all three, for your very, very expert and informative presentations.    Let me just ask, Dr. Whittington, you have made four recommendations. Thank you for those. I think they are right on the money and in terms of things we should be doing.    When you talk about the GERD and the Aswan High Dam and the status of the negotiations, my question is, what might a prudent agreement look like? I mean, the time seems to be, you know, coming and quickly passing. I mean, as you pointed out, filling of the dam might begin as early as 2016.    You talk about the U.S. Department of State should increase its diplomatic efforts. What is it doing? How engaged are we? How would you rate it? Is it enough? Is it something we should invite State and USAID to be here to give us some insights and then we could prod them along to try to make this much more serious?    The GAO study has said USAID WASH interventions don't cover large water issues such as dams, as you know. So if you could just give some information or some guidance along those lines.    With regards to sanitation, perhaps one of you, Mr. Oldfield, perhaps you, might want to provide insights and recommendations as to why the international community has failed to meet the MDG targets for sanitation. And even meeting those targets for the accessibility to clean and safe water, yeah, we are talking about having the number of those who don't have access, and that still leaves us, as you know, with over 663 million people who have lacked access to safe water. So it is a step in the right direction, but it is certainly not the achievement of the hope is, which would be universal access. But why is sanitation a laggard?    And let me also ask, in Africa, if it accelerates, as it is, its march to electrification, the Power Africa and other initiatives, how should these emerging economies integrate best practices? And perhaps our friend from Orange County might speak to that.    As you mentioned Mr. Chairman, you have invited delegations from other countries to go and witness what they are doing to share that best practice.    But, I mean, is our government integrating the experts in the field like yourself so that, you know, Nigeria, Ethiopia, name the country, you know, can say: Why reinvent the wheel? This has been perfected to the point, and now that we have access to electricity that we hadn't had before, that state-of-the-art sanitation can be deployed in a way that provides for safety and efficacy of the whole operation.    So if you could speak to that because it seems to me we have written the book on this. We have done this on a whole lot of other issues. We have learned from others, but we also as a country, and I think Europe can say the same thing, has much to share. But if we are not actively integrating that sharing process--you are--but, you know, can it be accelerated, should it be accelerated, and if you could speak to that.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Oldfield.    Mr. Smith. On that point, do you believe the political will is emerging, is there, perhaps, to have universal access to adequate sanitation by 2030, facilitated in the post-2015 goals?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Doctor.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Thank you.