    Mr. Franks. The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will come to order, and without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time. Welcome to all of you here. The subject of today's hearing is the Senate-passed version of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA for short. Earlier this year, this legislation was unanimously reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and in May, passed the Senate by a voice vote.    However, despite the broad bipartisan support for this legislation in the Senate, the State Department has raised concerns with JASTA, and we have called this hearing to examine those concerns. JASTA essentially makes two changes to Federal law.    First, it amends the Foreign Service Immunities Act to add the existing exceptions to the foreign sovereign immunity and exception for terrorist attacks that cause physical injury or death in the United States. Under current law, there appears to be some confusion or disagreement in the courts as the whether the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Acts tort exception waives the immunity of foreign governments that provide material support to foreign terrorist organizations that cause damage in the United States.    JASTA makes clear that a foreign government that aids and abets a foreign terrorist organization in carrying out a terrorist attack on U.S. soil will not be immune from the jurisdiction of our court.    Second, JASTA amends the Antiterrorism Act to clarify that those who aid, abet, or conspire with a foreign terrorist organization are subject to civil liability. There is currently a split in the Federal Courts of Appeal on the question of whether the Antiterrorism Act permits lawsuits based on aiding and abetting terrorists.    JASTA provides that if a person aids and abets a State Department-designated foreign terrorist organization by knowingly providing that organization with substantial assistance, that person will be subjected to civil liability.    By making these two changes to existing law, JASTA seeks to ensure that those, including foreign governments, who sponsor terrorist attacks on U.S. soil are held fully accountable for their actions. In addition, JASTA attempts to enhance the effectiveness of U.S. efforts at combatting terrorism and combatting terrorist financing by making those who provide financial support to foreign terrorist organizations liable for their conduct.    JASTA would appear to be consistent with existing U.S. principles of foreign sovereign immunity, which permits lawsuits against foreign governments in U.S. court cases in the following instances--in which a foreign government has waived its immunity, that are based on a commercial activity carried out in the United States or which causes a direct effect in the United States, or in which the rights and property taken in violation of international laws are at issue, or in which money damages are sought against a foreign state for personal injury or death, or damage or loss of property occurring in the United States, and finally that are brought against designated state sponsors of terrorism.    Despite the numerous, longstanding exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity already provided under U.S. law, the State Department and others have expressed concerns with JASTA and its potential ramifications on U.S. foreign policy. Out of respect for those concerns, we have invited the State Department here to testify before the Committee, and we have also invited a second panel of witnesses to appear and provide additional perspective on the issues the State Department has raised with JASTA.    I look forward to the witnesses' testimony on this important subject, and I would now recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Mr. Cohen, for his opening statement.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman, and I would now yield to the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, from Virginia.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman, and I would now yield to the Ranking Member of the Committee, Mr. Conyers from Michigan.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman, and without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    So, let me now introduce our witnesses. We have two very distinguished panels today. I will begin by the first panel.    Our first witness is Ambassador Anne Patterson, the Assistant Secretary of State for Near East Affairs. Ambassador Patterson has served as the U.S. ambassador to four countries, and in 2008 was promoted to the rank of career ambassador, the highest rank in foreign service. She has served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, and has served as Deputy Permanent Representative at the U.S. mission to the United Nations.    Our second witness is Brian Egan, the legal adviser to the State Department. Prior to being appointed as legal adviser, Mr. Egan served as legal adviser to the National Security Council, Deputy Assistant to the President, and Deputy Counsel to the President, and as Assistant General Counsel for Enforcement Intelligence at the Department of the Treasury.    Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I would ask that each witness summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within the time, there is a timing light in front of you. The light will switch from green to yellow, indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired.    So, before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn. So, if you would please stand and be sworn.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative, and I welcome both of you. And I now recognize our first witness, Ambassador Patterson; and Ambassador, if you might turn that microphone on before speaking.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentlelady, and I will now recognize our second witness, Mr. Egan. Sir, if you will turn that microphone on before speaking, as well.    Mr. Franks. Well, I thank you both for your testimony. We will now proceed under the 5 minute rule with questions, and I will begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    Ambassador, I will begin with you. In my opening statement, I mentioned several of the nine exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity that are provided for in the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, including the exception for lawsuits against a foreign state for personal injury or death occurring in the United States. From a foreign policy perspective, what is the difference between the already existing exceptions, especially the tort exception, and the new exceptions proposed by JASTA?    And Mr. Egan, if you will prepare, I would like to ask you the same question afterwards. Ambassador? You are going to defer to him? All right.    Mr. Franks. Well, let me just follow up on that. I would like to ask you a question that was posed to me by the family of a victim of the September 11th terrorist attack. And essentially if a foreign state, such as Saudi Arabia, knowingly plays a substantial role in a terrorist attack on U.S. soil, do the victims of such an attack not deserve to be able to bring a lawsuit against that foreign state in U.S. courts?    I mean, why would the victims of a terrorist attack on U.S. soil be given less access to justice for their claims than is granted, for example--under the example that you used, sir, to the victims of a car wreck caused by a foreign government, for which the foreign state may be held accountable under the FSIA's tort exception?    Mr. Franks. Reciprocal actions are your primary fear?    Mr. Franks. And do you have any examples of going after a sovereign Nation that supported terrorism on a civil action in the U.S. courts?    Mr. Franks. Let me just expand on that. Why would the law treat such an act of terrorism that kills people on U.S. soil differently depending on whether the substantial assistance was provided by a designated state sponsor of terrorism or a Nation that is not so designated?    Mr. Franks. All right, I now recognize the Ranking Member for his 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman. It is interesting to note that only after we had moved to normalize relations with Cuba did we take them off the terrorist list. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman, and I now recognize Mr. Nadler for 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman, and I would also now like to thank Ambassador Patterson and Mr. Egan for their time and expertise. Thank you for coming, and I would like now to invite the members of our second panel of witnesses to come forward. While you are being seated, I will go ahead and introduce our witnesses.    Our first witness on this panel will be Michael Mukasey. From 2007 until 2009, Judge Mukasey served as the Attorney General of the United States, and from 1988 to 2006, he served as district judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, becoming Chief Judge in the year 2000.    Our next witness is Richard Klingler, a partner at Sidley Austin. Mr. Klingler has served as the general counsel and legal advisor on the National Security Council, and a special assistant and Senior Associate Council to the president.    Our third witness is Paul Stephan, the Jeffries distinguished professor of law at the University of Virginia Law School. Professor Stephan has served as counselor on international law, and at the U.S. Department of State, and as a law clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Powell.    Our final witness is Jimmy Gurule, a professor of law at Norte Dame Law School. Professor Gurule has served as the undersecretary for Enforcement at the Department of Treasury, and assistant attorney general for the Office of Justice Programs at the Justice Department. Thank you all for being here.    Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. And I would now ask that each witness summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less, and to help you stay within that time, there is a timing light in front of you. The light switch will switch from green to yellow, indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony.    When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired. And before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn, so if you will please stand to be sworn.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? Thank you, you may be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    And I will now recognize our first witness, Mr. Mukasey. Mr. Mukasey, welcome back, sir. And if you will please turn that microphone on before you speak.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Judge Mukasey, and I would now recognize our second witness, Mr. Klingler. And, sir, if you would turn that microphone on.    Mr. Franks. I thank you gentlemen. And I would now recognize our third witness, Mr. Stephan. And, Mr. Stephan, if you would please turn that microphone on.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman, and now recognize our fourth and final witness, Mr. Gurule. Sir, if you would turn that microphone on, too.    Mr. Franks. And I thank you all for your testimony, and we will now proceed under the 5 minute rule of questions, and I will begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes. And, Judge Mukasey, I will start with you sir. First, thank you for your gallant service to the country.    Mr. Franks. Judge Mukasey, JASTA essentially calls on Congress to strike a balance between providing U.S. victims of terrorism with access to judicial redress for terrorist attacks on U.S. soil that our sponsored by foreign governments, and subjecting foreign governments to lawsuits is U.S. courts--at least that is the attempt, I think, of the legislation.    Why do you think JASTA strikes this balance incorrectly? Can you help us understand that?    Mr. Franks. So, Mr. Klingler, I will turn to you, sir. Recently, Bloomberg editorialized that in the event that foreign Nations respond to an enactment of JASTA by passing reciprocal measures of their own, ``The entirety of U.S. foreign policy could be put on trial in foreign courts under the guise of seeking monetary justice.'' Now, do you think this is a potential result of the enactment of JASTA? If not, what are your assurances that you might state? That microphone, sir.    Mr. Franks. Professor Gurule, some have argued that the enactment of JASTA will violate international law, as you know. Do you believe or do you not believe that the exception to foreign sovereign immunity included in JASTA will cause the United States to violate international law?    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you. My time has expired, and I will now recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman, and I now recognize Mr. Nadler for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentlemen, and I now recognize Mr. Deutch for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. Well, this concludes today's hearing and, without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to summit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And I just want to especially thank the witnesses and the Members and the audience for being here today. I appreciate all of you taking the time to be here. And with that, this hearing is adjourned.