    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Secretary, thank you for being with us again today. I believe this is the second time you have been in front of this panel.    Mr. Mullin. Well, but this year, if I am not mistaken. At least this is the second time you and I have had an opportunity to visit. And the last time we spoke, we talked about the lack of infrastructure with the power plants as far as the coal-fired plants that are coming down. We have a report from Southwest Power Pool there is going to be 12,900 megawatts lost just in their area. And just a while ago while you were being questioned, I believe by Mr. Long, you said that you didn't see any significant challenges to meet those needs, but yet where is the power going to come from?    Mr. Mullin. If we are going to lose 12,000 just in my region, then where is the extra power going to be made, or where it is going to be produced? The gas lines aren't there. We are seeing 4 years to take a permit, to just simply get a permit to install a gas line. Unless there are power plants that are being built that I am not aware of in my region, then I believe there is going to be a significant challenge to meet the power needs.    Mr. Mullin. Well, specifically speaking, the coal-fired plants are in a specific region.    Mr. Mullin. I understand that, but we have 12,900 megawatts being lost in one region, and you said that there was--you didn't see any significant challenges in meeting those needs. Where is that extra power going to come from?    Mr. Mullin. So it is OK because----    Mr. Mullin . The numbers aren't going up----    Mr. Mullin . It is OK----    Mr. Mullin. Yes, but it is OK to bring the power down because we don't need it right now? I mean----    Mr. Mullin . That is like saying----    Mr. Mullin . Let's----    Mr. Mullin. Where is the building----    Mr. Mullin . We are losing power, you are saying we are building significant capacity. What are we building it in? Because power cannot replace--or wind cannot replace what we have here. You can have miles and miles and miles of windfarms, which we have in Oklahoma, which I, frankly, don't think is very pretty, I think it leaves a lot bigger footprint than we do in anything else, but that is another topic, but we are losing 12,900 megawatts in one area. I am going back to what you said----    Mr. Mullin . With the gentleman from Missouri----    Mr. Mullin . When you said you don't see significant challenges meeting those needs. So what I think I hear you saying, now, correct me if I am wrong, that it is OK that we lose it because our increase for electricity isn't--the need isn't there so it is OK that we lose it. Is that what I am understanding?    Mr. Mullin. But you guys are already moving forward with it. And, Mr. Secretary, you are over the Department of Energy, and you are saying that the local communities, local areas, need to get together. What is DOE's specific plan to meet this need? Is there not a need----    Mr. Mullin . It is just saying we are going to let them go down----    Mr. Mullin . And let everybody else figure it out, it is not our problem?    Mr. Mullin. But you guys are the ones that pick winners and losers.    Mr. Mullin. Yes, it is, because----    Mr. Mullin . You have said coal is going out, wind is the new thing.    Mr. Mullin. So if I am hearing correctly----    Mr. Mullin . There is no plan. We are just going to drop the power and let everybody else figure it out.    Mr. Mullin. I yield back. Thank you.