    Ms. Gray. Sure. I am happy----    Ms. Gray. Sure. You know, training was--our analysis really began with training. You know, as Mr. Perrelli indicated, we viewed this as sort of key in animating many of the other decisions that the Secret Service has to think about, from staffing to management of overtime and the like. And as your chart is consistent with what we found in our findings, that training has fallen below acceptable levels.    There have been a number of reasons that were against us in the course of our review to explain why that is so, from the increased activities of the Secret Service and missions, the number of protective visits that Secret Service members are staffing and the like, reductions in staffing and the forced overtime issues. Regardless of those different causes, I think we all are in agreement that the levels are unacceptably low. The number in our report that we emphasized, looking at Fiscal Year 1913 data, the average agent trained about 46 hours in Fiscal Year 1913. The average uniformed division officer trained about 25 minutes on average. And by any----    Ms. Gray. For the year. And so, by any account, those numbers are unacceptably low and we need to do better.    Ms. Gray. Yes. You know, we spoke to a number of large metropolitan police forces, and we also spoke to other Federal agencies that conduct protective missions that are akin to what the Secret Service is doing. Nothing is an exact apples-to-apples comparison. But the training levels that we heard for those agencies ranged anywhere from 5 percent a year to 25 percent a year of time spent doing training. And that type of training is managed in different ways. You know, some police forces or protective security agencies conduct sort of focused training at set times of years. Others integrate it more naturally month to month. But however it is done, the sort of levels that we heard from others range between 5 percent to 25 percent, which are obviously significantly higher.    Ms. Gray. That is for the uniformed division.    Ms. Gray. Right.    Ms. Gray. Sir, we sort of thought about this in two ways. So for the PPD, the Presidential Protective Division, that is where the fourth shift concept originated. And so historically, particularly in the 1980's and 1990's, and it is our understanding from speaking to past Directors and past special agents, that the fourth shift concept was a very real concept in the Service. And the idea was agents would spend, you know, 2 weeks on a daytime shift, 2 weeks on a nighttime shift, 2 weeks on a midnight shift, and then 2 weeks in training. Now, that is not to say sort of all 14 of those days in that 2 weeks were spent training, obviously. The agent's time was managed in a way to provide surge capacity if they needed to support unexpected trips or missions. But that this concept of striving for roughly spending about 25 percent of the year in training for the agents in the PPD was very different.    That fourth shift has never really been applicable to the uniform division, and it has been difficult to get sort of reliable historical data on this. So we don't actually have a very good benchmark for the uniform division. But I think what we do know is that this sort of average that you saw in Fiscal Year 1913 that we refer to the 25 minutes is unacceptably low.    Ms. Gray. I think one of the things that we heard from a number of agents was a sense of disappointment in some of their leadership. And I think this goes back to the question that was asked earlier by Congressman Cummings about people finding different outlets, finding a Member of Congress or going to the media and other things. And so that is something that, you know, we hope the recommendations that we made in our report that get to a leadership that respects input from the rank and file, that provides opportunities for agents and officers to suggest changes within the organization, that gets to why we think that is very important.    Ms. Gray. We heard a number of agents and officers express disappointment in the transparency around the disciplinary process. And I think over time, the Service has experimented with different models, from having more direct supervisors imposing discipline, to having discipline imposed more from central command of the Secret Service. And I think there has been, and we heard a lot of it, a sense of disappointment in the transparency around these processes which leads to some concluding that discipline is not taking seriously.    Ms. Gray. We heard a lot of comments. I don't want to----    Ms. Gray. Yes.    Ms. Gray. Absolutely from a morale standpoint.    Ms. Gray. So we didn't get into discussions about particular individuals or particular members of the management team. But we did hear, overall, a sense of disappointment with the leadership in the agency. And our focus, rather than on individual performance of individual members of the management team, our focus was much more thinking, you know, from the sort of bottom up, what are the qualities that this agency needs to have in its management team as----    Ms. Gray. Thank you for the question. And I think it is, you know, I want to be clear----    Ms. Gray. I think it is important to be very clear about what we are talking about. Both agents and the PPD and officers in Uniform Division, when they first go to the protective detail, there is hundreds of hours of training, you know, when they are first brought on. So really what we are talking about is in-service training, the kind of training to keep you sharp, to hone instincts, to train together in an integrated way, to train around new threat scenarios. And for that, I think in terms of the what we can do about it, I think one of the things that we strive to do in our report was to set a benchmark, to have a standard that leaders could be measured against in terms of whether or not they were seeking to fulfill that standard and have a staffing model to support actually implementation of that.    So we set two benchmarks. We set a return to the 4th shift concept for the PPD. And we took a look at large metropolitan police forces, similar Federal agencies with a protective mission, their training levels are between 5 and 25 percent. And we thought, as a panel, you know, at least 10 percent for the Uniform Division, which, if you think about it, is about 2 days a month, is something that we should want to aspire to. So we think setting benchmarks will go a long way.    Ms. Gray. Thank you for the question. I think our panel believes that the Secret Service is doing a job protecting the President, and the President ultimately is safe. There is a lot of multiple layers around the President and around his personal protection. But I think to your question about sort of how could something like that happen that you hear from your constituents and the like, I think the report by Deputy Secretary Mayorkas detailed that a series of lapses and also failures in training and communications led to that event. And that is something that, you know, we hope our recommendations going forward can try to address.    Ms. Gray. Sure. I mean, I think our assessment of the need for an outside Director was that we thought that many of the challenges that will actually lead to addressing some of these issues in the future uniquely, at this moment in time, could benefit from outside leadership. One of the things we say in our report obviously is that that may not have always been true throughout the time during the Secret Service. But right now, given the need to have in place a staffing model so that they can make decisions that reflect actually the mission, given some of the prioritization issues that we have been talking about, how do you make sure that protection of the White House compound and the President are a priority every year and that, you know, the mission creep with other areas is not infecting the organization. All of those challenges we thought could benefit from outside leadership at this time.    Ms. Gray. Thank you for the question. Our report attempted to address what I would call the sort of quality of training issues that you are raising in sort of two different ways. One is more integrated training. So one of the things that Deputy Secretary Mayorkas' report found is that some of the Uniform Division officers were not fully aware of the roles that others officers were playing. And so those standing at post at the door, those on the ERT team, those in the K-9 unit, the different roles and responsibilities in terms of intercepting that person. And so that, in part, reflects a lack of sufficient integrated training, training together as teams. So that is one recommendation that goes to that.    On the familiarization with the White House, as you noted, there was indication in Deputy Secretary Mayorkas' report that members of the Secret Service that were responding to the incident on the 19th were not familiar with the inside layout of the White House. So one of our recommendations, we don't think this should be very hard to do, but one of our recommendations is that the Service invest in a replica so that you can actually have training in a real-time environment.    Ms. Gray. I think this is where our staffing recommendations and our training recommendations interlink. I think part of what we were attempting to do is to sort of start with asking the question what would be the ideal training benchmarks that we would want to achieve and try to back out of that staffing numbers so you could achieve that without having people do, without having to navigate around the forced overtime and other staffing issues. So I think that is the answer to that.    Ms. Gray. Right.    Ms. Gray. So the data that we were given from the Secret Service did not include the time spent on firearms or qualifications and the like. So the numbers that we provided in our report, 42 hours of training in Fiscal Year 1913 for PPD and 25 minutes on average for the Uniform Division, that was apart from firearms or qualifications.    Ms. Gray. So the data that we received gave us the aggregate training data. And I think we can talk about where, you know, I think we briefed on some of the different training protocols in the classified setting. And we want to be careful about that here.    Ms. Gray. But, I think, for example, just to give an example, one of the things in the Mayorkas report talked about lack of training around communications equipment and how to properly use communications equipment. And that is like an appropriate subject of training. And I think there is indication that there has not been a lot of that in recent years.    Ms. Gray. Yes. I would agree with that. The only other thing I would add is that, you know, our report goes into detail in some of the budget and administrative functions of the organization that really need to have a priority in order to support the protective mission of the agency. And I think we think an outside Director can really bring a fresh perspective to that.