    Mr. CASTANO. Thank you.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes, thank you.    Mr. CASTANO. First of all, thank you so much for inviting me to be here. I'm glad to be able to have testimony to you and show you the work that we do at the SBDC.    My name is Andres Pascual Castano. I'm business advisor for the Small Business Development Center. We're located at College of Technology in Brooklyn, and I'm here representing the New York State Small Business Development Center. We are a not-for-profit organization that we're funded mainly by the SBA, as you know. New York State and the----    The New York Small Business Development Center is a not-for-profit organization that is funded mainly by the SBA, the New York State, and the City College of Technology, specifically for our center.    We are part of an extensive network of centers all around the U.S. following the same model, and thanks to our partners in the private and public sector, we are able to offer our services free of charge.    Through our network of 24 regional centers, SBDC, we provide customized solutions through advisement, education, research, and advocacy for entrepreneurs, innovators, and the small business community. The services we focus on are women, minorities, people with special needs, and veterans clients. The key areas for our particular Brooklyn SBDC are minority women business enterprise certification and mentoring once the certification is granted, international trade basic assistance, the Barron entrepreneurship, and the New American Empowerment, as we do it through our Organization of Latino Entrepreneurs called OLE.    We also offer assistance related to technology and innovation, selling to the government, regulatory compliance, and disaster recovery. Soon, we'll be offering cybersecurity in response to the increase of these specific area of small business.    On a daily basis, most of our clients come into a center asking for grants or loans for their respective projects. It is important that we advisors ask our clients qualifying to determine what is at the root of the concepts, businesses, or the reason that they think they need money. We at SBDC do not lend money, but we help our clients understand what they truly need to be successful to start their business or to improve their existing business.    The ideal outcome is to get each client to understand their market, their customer base, their process, and the organization for what it is and what it should be. We help to increase business intelligence, assisting with financial planning, marketing, sourcing, and HR issues. Once a further diagnosis is made, one of these areas might become prioritized, and a course of action is set.    Central to our job is to be a mentor for life or as long as the client feels necessary. We want to have a long-term relationship with our clients, and small businesses have different needs depending on different stages. We want to be there for them at all stages.    In relation to exporting and international trade, as this is truly an important component of the creation of jobs and the expansion of our economy, it is important to consider that 95 percent of customers are located beyond the U.S. 97 percent of exporters are small businesses, but only represent less than one-third of the known export body of U.S. goods. The potential for exporting for small business is huge, and we need to address that.    At SBDC we understand the importance of educating and putting resources available to our clients in this matter. When clients reach out to us for exporting assistance, they usually become accidental exporters. That means they have the Web site and somebody else somewhere in a foreign country find them, and they order from them. They are not ready for the actual formal process of exporting. When they come to us, they say, oh, we find someone. We'd like to explore how it is become a real exporter.    When coming to us, they're usually accidental exporters, and they actually don't have the knowledge to take over big and continuous orders from overseas, and they usually come with all different assumptions or different needs. Some of them come to us saying I'm a small business. Exporting is just for big companies or corporations. It's just too much for me to deal with. I'm afraid I won't get paid. Exporting is too expensive. Exporting is only for products, not for services, and I'm offering services, so I'm disqualified for that. Exporting is too complex, and I need extensive capital or hire a lot of employees. They also fear the competition in the local market.    My role as an advisor at the SBDC is to help our clients understand and demystify the exporting process. We do it mainly in the initial and exploratory stage. We provide one-on-one advisement to assess the client's expert readiness and a set a plan of action. We educate and guide them using templates for creating an exporting plan that includes market research, market entry, legal aspects, compliance, transportation, finance, and cultural aspects of the process.    Through our research network, we help them get the information they need to understand their market options. Once their business is ready to export, we refer them to our partners at the U.S. Commercial Services or other corporations.    If a business is not doing well, it's possible SBDC might not be required. However, if improvement can be made in a business, the SBDC is the network to go. Thank you very much.    Mr. CASTANO. Right. Cassidy is the owner of an innovative basis. She manufactures chandeliers and light fixtures. She has been business for about 3 years now, and when she came to me first, she came originally as many of our clients looking for funding. I helped her get the funding that she needed through the process of helping her with her credit and getting her ready for that.    In the meantime, we helped her in other different areas, like I helped her get certified as a minority for New York State, and also figuring out the different avenues for exporting. To date, she exports to Mexico, to Canada, and Australia. So like I said, she came at the beginning as an accidental exporter. Somebody contacted her. She knew there were some options out there, and then we started focusing on that. That is the case. To this date, we help her through our research network to figure other markets that can be good potential for her, and getting ready for taking bigger orders in the future.    Mr. CASTANO. For her, she has already some contact outside when she first contacted me, so it did not take her that long. We are now in the process of figuring out other potential markets and how she can really increase her productivity and be actually able to manufacture they look for in some other countries.    Mr. CASTANO. The SBDC is a network of centers located all over the U.S. We work with having the same model, the SBA the Federal agency as the main funder. And each State and the college where the center is located has the main partners. We offer technical assistance, like we offer advisement, location, research, and advocacy to all innovators, and entrepreneurs, and existing business. We are open to the public, and our services are free of charge.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes.    Mr. CASTANO. Definitely one of the biggest challenges that are out there for small businesses is to be able to demystify the fact of risk involved in payment. A lot of the small businesses, they are not familiar with payment assistance, international payment assistance, so they do not know about that. And they fear that they are not going to be paid.    Mr. CASTANO. Right.    Mr. CASTANO. Right.    Mr. CASTANO. Right, that is correct. When they come to us, so we help them understand what are the options so they feel comfortable knowing that they can make it without going tech nervous.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes.    Mr. CASTANO. Our SBDC office, as I mentioned before, we focus on veterans, and minorities, and women-owned businesses, and we do have the people who will speak different language. We have one advisor. She is specifically working on veterans, and the one representing the Hispanic-Latino community, and we use our brand OLE, the Organization of Latino Entrepreneurs, to reach them. We do have access to them I can say.    We help through a process of expiration, and once we see that they are ready to export, then we refer them to other agencies. That is the basic thing. We want to be able to help them get where they need to be to the trade missions, to go to the other services now available out there. I will let them know that they exist and how to get there.    Mr. CASTANO. Thank you.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes. Exporting is definitely, one big way of improving the economy, creating jobs. Companies that export are 8.5 percent less likely to go out of business. That is another issue that we need to consider.    Mr. CASTANO. I have been in it for 3 years with the SBDC.    Mr. CASTANO. 3 years.    Mr. CASTANO. Yes.    Mr. CASTANO. Thank you so much.    Mr. CASTANO. Thank you.