    Ms. Schakowsky. I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really apologize for being late this morning and I thank you for accommodating that and I look forward to the questions that we can ask of our witness.    I first want to take a moment to recognize a great loss in the auto safety community. On Thursday, Clarence Ditlow of the Center for Auto Safety passed away after a battle with cancer. For 40 years, Clarence led the Center for Auto Safety, where he was a tireless advocate for stronger and stronger auto safety standards. He fought for Lemon Laws to ease return of defective vehicles in all 50 states. And if you have ever had a recall on your vehicle, there is a decent chance Clarence was somehow involved in pushing the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and automakers to take action. He provided tremendous insight to lawmakers over the years, including, as a witness before this very subcommittee.    Clarence continued fighting for consumers until his final days. As recently as September, he was working with my office on reducing the number of used cars sold with open recalls. He even weighed in on today's topic. In August, he wrote an op-ed on the importance of strong safety standards for self-driving cars. Clarence has an outstanding legacy but I know he saw much work still to be done. I can think of no better a tribute than to continue his fight to improve auto safety and I hope we can do so on this subcommittee.    Protecting consumers must be the key focus as we consider today's topic, self-driving cars. A car without a human driver could be an exciting development or a frightening proposition. Which one it is depends on whether we take the correct approach to the development of this technology.    One of the key arguments in favor of self-driving cars is safety. According to NHTSA, 94 percent of car crashes are caused, in part, by driver error. Automation does have the potential to help, ensuring that autonomous vehicles improve safety requires thorough testing and oversight. We must evaluate not only how the vehicles' features work but also the effect of those features on human behavior.    I appreciate NHTSA's efforts to be proactive in its approach to autonomous vehicles and I look forward to learning more about how its policy framework will work in practice.    As we think about the long-term potential of safe-driving cars, we also need to consider the intermediate challenge. We are not going to shift to 100 percent self-driving vehicles overnight. Even if this technology is adopted relatively quickly, we will see a transition period where traditional semi-autonomous and fully autonomous vehicles share the road. All those vehicles and their passengers must be able to safely interact. We should also recognize the impact the self-driving cars have on those who drive for a living, taxi drivers, chauffeurs, delivery men and truck persons, and truckers.    Automakers are still working through safety issues with autonomous vehicles. For example, two self-driving Teslas crashed this year. Cybersecurity is another critical area for autonomous vehicles to be successful. Hacking a self-driving car could put lives in danger. Developers must take the utmost precautions to prevent the cars' systems from being compromised and providing failsafe mechanisms of security measures are ever ineffective.    Accidents involving self-driving vehicles raise new questions. How safe must self-driving cars be before we are comfortable having them on the road? When something goes wrong, when is it the fault of the manufacturer and when is it the fault of the user? NHTSA is adapting its traditional approach to auto safety as it considers the design, use, and safety features of self-driving vehicles. I welcome this initiative but I want to ensure that safety remains paramount.    I also want to hear a firm industry commitment to safety and cybersecurity. As I said, innovation in self-driving cars has tremendous potential. If done right, this technology could save lives, increase energy efficiency, and provide convenience for consumers. We must make sure that the right policies are in place to achieve the maximum benefit from this technology. And again, I appreciate your indulgence and I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. Dr. Rosekind, I first wanted to thank you for your service as Administrator of NHTSA. I appreciate being able to work with you. I don't know but this may be your last time testifying before this committee as part of the Administration and I just want to thank you very much for the work that you have done and for consumers and working with this subcommittee.    So, I have two questions. I am going to ask them together and then leave the time to you.    While the expected benefits of automated vehicles have been widely discussed, so, too, have their technological shortcomings, reports indicated that potholes, construction, pedestrians, pavement covered in rain or snow may still flummox the vehicle's operating system. So, the first question was can you describe what some of the real world testing is finding? What are the problems and do they tell you and the industry about when fully autonomous vehicles will be ready to safely carry passengers without human intervention? That is the first question.    And the second one, recent controversies surrounding General Motors, Volkswagen, Takata air bags, and others show that the automotive industry doesn't have always a great track record with the consumer trust in recent years.    So, if the industry says trust us with autonomous vehicles, why should consumers take them at their word and what assurance, then, can the industry give consumers and give the regulators that their vehicles will be safe to operate?    Ms. Schakowsky. So, we may have implementation of different levels, though, in a different timetable.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you very much.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. MacCleery, I was interested in your testimony. You said that in the late '70s crash safety was considered at 50 miles an hour and today the minimum safety standard for frontal impact you said is 30 miles an hour with a 35 mile an hour test for new car assessment program. How did that happen and why?    Ms. Schakowsky. Well, how did it get reduced? Why would it get reduced as the standard?    Ms. Schakowsky. Right.    Ms. Schakowsky. Right.    Ms. Schakowsky. And did that ever get implemented in the actual manufacturing?    Ms. Schakowsky. No. Oh, OK.    Ms. Schakowsky. Let me ask this, then. Does a 30 or 35 mile an hour standard make sense today that that is what we test for? Should we be looking at something more significant?    Ms. Schakowsky. Now, clearly, we are talking about these new technologies and the cars driving themselves but you also mentioned that consumers would be far more likely to entrust their lives to crash safe vehicles and these improvements should be viewed as a necessary corollary to automated crash avoidance systems. Are we doing enough in that regard or has our focus shifted to the automobiles themselves being able to take care of it? Should we be continuing to emphasize and are we doing that enough, the crash safety methods?    Ms. Schakowsky. Right.    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. You know, Mr. Shapiro, you were talking about the Consumer Electronics Show that you have every year. And I am just wondering. There is both the convergence of driver reliance on semi-autonomous features but also the increased use of smart phones, and apps, and infotainment options in cars. And I am just wondering if there is some conflict here for distraction of drivers. At the same time, we are talking about more autonomy for the cars themselves, we are also providing more distractions, especially in this transition period.    Is there a conflict there? And how do we resolve that?    Ms. Schakowsky. Yes, but they always did that.    Ms. Schakowsky. Yes, well.    Ms. Schakowsky. OK, I am just wondering, if I could, Mr. Chairman, ask Ms. MacCleery to comment on that.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.    If I could just ask Mr. Shapiro while all these technologies are developing, I hope you will develop one for hot cars notification of people who may leave a child in the back seat. We have all these bells and whistles now in our cars. Children die because they are left in those cars.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thanks all of you.