    Ms. Boccia. It is ``Boccia,'' but thank you.    Ms. Boccia. Chairman Duffy, Ranking Member Green, and members of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, thank you for having me here to testify today.    My name is Romina Boccia, I am the Grover Hermann research fellow in Federal budgetary affairs, and deputy director at the Roe Institute in the Heritage Foundation. The views I express in this testimony are my own and should not be construed as representing any official position of the Heritage Foundation.    The Nation is on a fiscal collision course. Absent presidential and congressional leadership through the regular budget process, the debt limit is a key action-forcing tool that drives the attention towards our Nation's precarious fiscal state and enables lawmakers to leverage a potential crisis scenario for necessary and urgent policy reforms that might not otherwise come about.    Though the debt limit may be a blunt tool to motivate fiscal discipline, leveraging it to enact structural reforms that rein in growing spending and debt may very well prevent a much worse fiscal crisis. Contrast debt limit negotiations with an unexpected, sudden, and drastic fiscal crisis that would leave policymakers with few tools to respond in a predictable and gradual manner.    The latest fiscal and economic projections by the Congressional Budget Office paint a very clear picture. Spending and debt are growing at an unsustainable pace, greatly increasing the risks of a sudden fiscal crisis during which investors would demand much higher interest rates to continue lending to the U.S. Government. Congress should prevent such a scenario by reforming those programs that drive the growth in spending and the debt before increasing the debt limit.    Moreover, growing spending is driving debt to increasingly economically harmful levels. Projected deficits would push debt held by the public to 86 percent of GDP by the end of the decade, or about twice the historical average level. Several analysts and pundits argue that the debt limit is an archaic construct which serves no useful purpose. They argue that because Congress authorizes all spending, it does not make sense to have a separate limit on borrowing.    I disagree. Ideally, congressional decisions to spend and borrow would be aligned. However, there are at least three reasons why the debt limit serves a useful purpose. First, the programs driving the majority of the growth in Federal spending were authorized many decades ago and they are now allowed to grow on autopilot with few congressional action-forcing deadlines to change those programs' trajectories.    Second, the public, as we know from polling, does not recognize that it is their most cherished entitlement programs that are driving the growth in spending and the debt and the debt limit can help elevate public understanding while at the same time providing important political cover for lawmakers who seek to reduce spending on those entitlements.    Third, lawmakers only control some of the factors that drive the growth in the debt. And economic downturns or unanticipated increases in interest costs may mean that previously authorized spending should be reconsidered in light of factors outside of Congress' control. The government should pay its bills, but it should also adjust commitments going forward.    As the Federal Government approaches the debt limit, and absent congressional action to increase the limit, Treasury does not necessarily default on debt obligations. Treasury can reasonably be expected to prioritize principal and interest payments on the national debt, protecting the full faith and credit of the United States of America above all other spending.    Sovereign debt default should never be a primary concern during a temporary debt limit impasse. Congress has voted in support of several bills that would allow Treasury to continue borrowing at the debt limit to meet debt service needs.    In the event that insufficient cash levels became a concern to meet Federal debt obligations, Congress and the Administration could immediately act to remove at least this critical risk. Moreover, each year congressional budget committees and the Executive Branch should prepare a prioritized annual cash budget. This would be a prudent exercise to reveal to the public what Congress and the Executive Branch consider to be the most important national programs.    It would also confront lawmakers and the public more directly with the important questions of whether the things the Federal Government is currently borrowing for are truly necessary. In the event of a debt limit impasse, this cash budget could serve as guidance for prioritization of payments at the debt limit.    The debt limit provides an important action-forcing deadline to pursue the legislative steps necessary to rein in out-of-control entitlement spending. The debt limit also provides political leverage to pursue those reforms necessary to change the debt trajectory and restore economic growth to its full potential.    Thank you.    Ms. Boccia. I think it is very much appropriate. I think Congress must use all the tools in its arsenal to rein in growing spending and debt. And to those who say it is okay, we will just raise taxes, the problem we have is that spending is growing much faster than the economy. And in the long run, you cannot raise taxes faster than the economy is growing. It is going to be impossible, which is why the CBO says this scenario is unsustainable.    And the debt limit, I think, is a critical tool to bring about reforms before a sudden fiscal crisis ties Congress' hands.    Ms. Boccia. I think it will be tremendously helpful to have congressional guidance to give investors confidence. I also would urge Congress to mandate that the Executive Branch put together a prioritized cash budget to show exactly how a prioritized budget would work in the event of a debt limit impasse.    Ms. Boccia. I think that the debt limit presents a game of chicken in which it is in the Executive Branch's interest not to reveal key information, like this committee just revealed yesterday, in order to leverage this to force Congress into just raising the debt limit, which Congress has complied with numerous times.    I am very concerned that in fact we do not have a debt limit at this point. We have a debt limit suspension. There is no limit on borrowing.    Ms. Boccia. That is right.    Ms. Boccia. Because Congress hasn't been able to give guidance to the Administration on how to act at the debt limit, the Administration does have the leverage to refuse to pay our debt obligations. And putting that risk out there to use as political leverage, I think is very dangerous, because it reduces investor confidence.    However, we had numerous rating agencies, in particularly Moody's and Fitch, say they did expect the Treasury to honor its obligations to the United States' debt holders.    Ms. Boccia. If we look at the GAO report, then yes. If investors have no confidence that the Administration will do what is right and what is in the best interests of the United States, which would be to prioritize interest and principal on the debt during a debt limit impasse, then investors may demand higher interest rates or refuse to buy bonds during certain periods if they are not sure that they will be repaid.    Ms. Boccia. I am glad to hear that the Treasury was responsible enough to make contingency plans, even though they indicated otherwise to the public. I would like for government to be honest, both to Congress and to the American public. It doesn't always happen for political reasons.    Ms. Boccia. We are seeing increasing evidence from economists across a wide range of spectrum, even those set out to counter the notion that high public debt hurts economic growth, they are not able to refute that.    High public debt does hurt growth, but I think one of the main reasons for that is because it is fueled by greater spending. We don't have a tax problem. Taxes are at their historical level and rising above. What we have is a spending problem.    I think Congress also needs to play its part. And the congressional budget takes many steps in the right direction, but Congress still has not put forth implementing legislation to truly balance the budget.    Ms. Boccia. I am not sure that I am legally allowed to do this.    Ms. de Rugy. I was going to say, I support the policy.