    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    And thank you, to our panel--distinguished panel, for joining us today. It is good to have you and good to learn more about the education process, and particularly higher education.    I am a new member of Congress and I come from the business community, so I understand a little bit about, you know, giving folks the opportunity to have a good-paying job. And one thing I have learned about education is the reason for education is preparing folks to get a good job.    The other thing that I learned in business was that, you know, folks are wired different ways. And if we can find out how--you know, where their passions are, they tend to really excel when they get--understand their passions and are allowed to pursue those passions.    And, you know, from an accountability standpoint, you know, I believe every young American should have the opportunity to explore paths after high school, and I think we need to do it after high school and before they spend 4 years on an undergraduate degree and then say, ``Okay, what do I do now?''    And, you know, the issue that I see is that, you know, the traditional 4-year degree is a process, but it doesn't guarantee a good-paying job anymore. The traditional route is not the only path to a job, and many good-paying technical jobs go unfilled both in our district and all across the country. Businesses are practically waiting for young, hardworking Americans to step up to the plate.    You all mentioned high school programs. Do these programs inform students of technical-type jobs that may be available to them and how they may seek those? And what are some ways that we can promote vocational learning to the low-income students?    And I will just throw that out to anyone who would like to address that.    Mr. Allen. Any other comments?    Yes?    Mr. Allen. You know, when my parents grew up they went to work first and then went to college. And of course, they kind of found their path and then said, ``Okay, now I am going to go to college.'' And once you get that 4-year degree, then it allows you to move on to the next level.    You know, the federal government has invested much time and resources into college access for low-income students. Despite this fact, these students still complete their degrees at lower rates. What can we do to improve the graduation rates for our low-income students?    And again, I would throw that out to whoever would like to take that question.    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Allen. All right.    Well, thank you again.    And I will yield back the--I have no time left.    Chairwoman Foxx. I now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.