    Dr. Lynch. First, I would like to thank Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and the whole committee. It is a real honor to be on this panel and to have the chance to speak with you.    So, as you have heard from my colleagues, ISIL poses a serious threat to American interests, to the people of the region, to our partners in the region. And, of course, it is extremely important to not underestimate the nature of the threat or to misunderstand the nature of the threat.    I think it is important, however, to not perhaps exaggerate its novelty or perhaps the magnitude of the threat. These are not super-humans with unprecedented ability to form states or to seize territory or to inspire.    The world's history is full of insurgencies that have captured territory and sought to govern it by extracting resources from the local population. The world's history is full of insurgencies that have used graphic, violent terrorism to intimidate their enemies and to ensure control over their own local populations.    We have seen both Islamist and other ideological movements over world history. This is a dangerous and violent organization which must be confronted, but it is important that we place it in proper perspective.    I think the most important perspective that we need to keep is to understand the fundamental strategic dilemma that Islamic extremist groups have faced from their beginning, whether it is Islamic Jihad in Egypt or the Armed Islamic Group in Algeria or Al Qaeda in the 2000s or ISIL today. And that fundamental strategic problem is that while they do absolutely have the vision that General Flynn described, the characteristics that General Flynn described, and that extreme dogmatism, the vast, vast majority of the Muslims of the world do not agree with them. And they have failed every time they have attempted to reach out and to mobilize the world's Muslims on their side.    The ideology and the strategy of Al Qaeda and ISIL is to create a class of civilizations, to create an unbridgeable divide between the Muslims of the world and the West. And what we must keep in mind as we formulate any kind of effective strategy is that the way to defeat ISIL, Al Qaeda, and all forms of violent extremism is to marginalize them and to form alliances with the vast majority of the world who reject their barbarism and who reject their extreme ideologies.    The face of Muslims in the minds of Americans and the face of Muslims in the mind of the world should not be Abu Bakr Baghdadi. It should not be Osama bin Laden. It should not be the faceless murderers of the journalists of Charlie Hebdo in Paris. It should be Yusor Abu-Salha; Razan Abu-Salha; Deah Barakat, the Steph Curry-loving dental student and volunteer for Syrian refugees who was murdered in North Carolina this week.    To defeat ISIL, America must be seen as their champion, not as their enemy. And if we are able to align ourselves with the aspirations and the hopes of Muslims all over the world, then ISIL can be defeated, and only then.    And so I do not disagree with General Flynn's characterization of the threat posed by ISIL, but I believe it is extremely important that we approach this threat from the perspective of the need to constantly seek to deflate their pretensions, to marginalize them, and to expose their extremism in the eyes not only of us but of the Muslims who they seek to recruit, to mobilize, and ultimately to lead.    Now, this was, I believe, one of the great accomplishments--the great bipartisan accomplishments of both the Bush administration after 9/11 and the Obama administration: the immediate understanding of this strategic divide and the need to not allow Al Qaeda after 9/11 to provoke this kind of clash of civilizations.    President Bush, despite some missteps early on, I think did a fantastic job of trying to reach out to the Muslims of the United States and to ensure that this divide did not open up. And I think that is the bipartisan commitment that we should build on today.    Now, in my prepared statement, I go through in some detail explanations for why ISIL has emerged in the form that it has today. I won't repeat those here. Let me just hit some of the bullet points, because I think it is important to place this into a specific political context.    Ranking Member Smith, in his opening statement, mentioned the failures of governance, and I think this is extremely important. The failure of the Arab uprisings is a key part of the emergence of ISIL in the form it is today. An enormous number of young Muslims, young Arabs around the Middle East have seen their hopes raised and then crushed. The military coup in Egypt is a particularly defining point in proving, unfortunately, to a large number of people that peaceful political participation is not an option.    If we are going to respond to ISIL in the way, as again, I agree with General Flynn, that we must, we need to address those underlying causes of despair, of alienation, and the absence of alternative paths, which is building the possible pool of recruits for ISIL.    That includes reversing the sectarian misgovernment of Iraq. It includes trying to find some kind of peaceful de-escalation of the war in Syria. And it means trying to find some way to align the United States with the forces of moderate and peaceful change.    That is no easy task. I have some ideas about how we might go about doing that, but for now I will simply stop, and I welcome everyone's questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Again, I appreciate the testimony from each of you.    I would like to ask, hopefully, just a brief question from each of you.    General Flynn, towards the end of your statement, you make a point that an AUMF should not be overly constrained. You have had a lot of experience fighting these folks in the Middle East and South Asia. Do you have an opinion about how difficult it would be for our troops to follow a restriction that said they could not engage in enduring offensive ground combat operations?    General Flynn. Yes.    So we need to be very clear in this AUMF that, you know, may come out of an agreement between the legislative and executive branches here. When we give our military commanders a mission, we should allow them to execute that mission and not overly constrain them with approved authorities but then having to come back to the administration for permission.    So if we authorize the use of force to do something with these many times fleeting opportunities out there that our military forces see and then they have to come back up through a bureaucratic process to get permission even though there is an authority given to them, then either, you know, we need to review those authorities and those permissions or we need to change the commanders because we apparently don't trust them to do the job that we have given them to do. So that is a real problem today.    Give the commanders the authority to execute the mission that they have been given. If they are not the right people, remove them and put somebody else in there that can do that. Otherwise, allow them to do the things that they have been assigned, tasked, and are very capable of doing in what is currently the AUMF that we have.    We have become so overly bureaucratic in coming up through the system to get permission to basically do things that, frankly, colonels on the battlefield or captains at sea are very capable of doing.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Braniff, I was struck in your testimony that, as I read it, just in the last 12 months, we have seen a dramatic rise in these terrorist organizations and in their attacks.    Now, as I understand it, one of the things your organization does is keep track of these with objective metrics. And am I reading that right, that even in the last year we have seen this problem get dramatically worse?    Dr. Lynch. Thank you, Chairman.    Yes. I actually think that the way the administration has crafted a strategy as an initial step has been quite effective.    They managed to leverage the increased military commitment in Iraq into the most important move, which was a change in the Government of Iraq and the removal of Prime Minister Maliki, who, in my opinion, had carried out a campaign of sectarian misgovernment and corruption which had lost and squandered all of the gains of the previous years.    By managing to then get a new Iraqi Prime Minister willing and able to reach out to Iraqi Sunnis and then to use airpower and limited military support, the momentum of ISIL has been halted. They are no longer able to advance. They suffered a serious defeat in Kobane, thanks to coalition airpower.    And they have now seen a significant reversal in the eyes of Arab public opinion after the brutal murder of Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh. And momentum matters for them, because their appeal was rooted in the idea that they were a winner. And now people aren't so sure, and I think we might actually see people jumping off the bandwagon faster than we think.    The Chairman. I appreciate it. Obviously, I hope the optimistic scenarios prove right. I worry that we see momentum through our eyes, not necessarily through their eyes.    But, at this time, I would yield to Mr. Smith.    Dr. Lynch. Thank you, Congressman. It is a great question and a really important one.    I don't think they care. But the nature of their not caring is extremely important.    So, basically, when you are a group like Al Qaeda or a group like ISIL, you have two basic strategies you can pursue, the same as an election here, right? You can play to your base, or you can try and reach out to the median voter.    And what you are seeing with ISIL is very much a base strategy, right? They have decided that they want to mobilize the already-radicalized, the most dangerous people, the disenfranchised, the ones who are already radicalized, and they want to get them out to Syria and Iraq and to join.    And so what we are seeing is that, at least by press accounts and open-source accounts, the flow of foreign fighters is increasing. In other words, those brutal videos are actually inspiring that very small number of people and getting them to leave Cairo, to leave Tunis, and come out to ISIL. But, at the same time, they are alienating the broader mainstream public.    And so the way I would reframe your question is, is this drying up their pool of recruits faster than they can get them and extract them and bring them into their fight? And I think that the answer to that is still unclear. And that is why I am advocating a strategy in which we try and accelerate their marginalization and alienation from that broader pool of potential recruits.    And so, no, I don't think they care in the slightest. Many of you remember the old battles between al-Zarqawi and Zawahiri about the strategy of Al Qaeda and Iraq. And Zarqawi's response to criticism that he was alienating Muslims by butchering Shiites was saying, I don't care, I am closer to God than you are. Right? I don't care about the mainstream Muslim who has already abandoned God. He chose a base strategy, which is what ISIL has done, as well.    And so we need to recognize that and then try and make them pay the cost for that base strategy.    Dr. Lynch. That cost is to continue to, and I think we have already started this, and I think our Arab allies have done this, is a really strong strategic communications campaign to highlight their barbarity, to highlight their extremism, to deflate their pretensions to power, to expose the realities of life in ISIL-governed territories, and to puncture their mystique in such a way that the alienated, disenfranchised youth in Tunis or in Libya doesn't see it as an attractive, noble, or heroic thing to go and join this group.    And I think that that is the way we need to approach them, to undermine them and deflate them rather than to exaggerate their capabilities.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Let me just say very quickly that Hezbollah actually has been in a very difficult position for the last several years because of its role in Syria, which has been quite controversial. It is exposed now in ways that it never was before. It enjoyed, in the past, a very solid and basically impregnable base in the south of Lebanon and in the Shia community of Lebanon, and from there it was able to play a dominant role in not just Shia politics in Lebanon but in the overall Lebanese political system.    Now, Lebanon is a state that is hanging on by its fingernails, more than a million Syrian refugees, growing signs of sectarian conflict and violence, and even a lot, I mean, there are increasing signs of grumblings among the Shia middle-class community itself, saying, ``What happened to protecting our interests? Why are our boys going out and dying in Syria?'', but, also, at the same time, radicalization of those Shia communities, saying, ``Why aren't you fighting Israel? Why aren't you doing more?''    So the leadership of Hezbollah is clearly, I mean, yes, it is a clearly a dangerous and extremely capable and robust organization. But this is probably the most difficult political situation it has faced in many, many years. It no longer can claim to speak for a broad resistance to Israel. Nobody believes that anymore because they have seen, no Sunnis believe that because they have seen Hezbollah men out there killing and murdering Sunni civilians, so they have lost that card. And they are much weaker because the Lebanese state is much weaker.    So it is a very difficult time for them, and they are having, I would say, a very difficult time navigating this new situation.    Dr. Lynch. Thank you, Congressman.    I think you are absolutely right about that and about the nature of the Iraqi Sunni community and the resentment, both of us, and especially of the Shia-dominated government. And I think one of the great strategic missed opportunities that we have had in the Middle East was that Nouri al-Maliki was unable to capitalize on that and to rebuild connections with the Sunni community. Instead, he decided to rule in the sectarian way going after Sunni, Shia, Sunni leaders, not getting the Awakenings forces into the security forces. It was a tragic missed opportunity.    I think that you are also absolutely right about the long-term implausibility of people like this being willing to live under ISIL. The problem right now, though, I think is that the sectarianism has become so intense and so deeply engrained. You are talking about populations with enormous levels of displacement, both internal and refugees; people who have seen family members being butchered on sectarian grounds; and an enormous amount of mistrust of state institutions like the Ministry of the Interior and the Iraqi security forces, which makes it very difficult for them to look at the Iraqi Government as a partner. And I think that until they are able to look at the Iraqi Government and see it as a viable partner, then it is going to be difficult for them to make that leap that they made back in 2006, 2007.    That is why I think getting a new Prime Minister in place and trying to begin some serious security service reforms, institutional reforms, is what you need to do in order to win in Iraq. And reversing that sectarianism is going to be extraordinarily difficult at this point, but we have to begin taking those steps.    I think the National Guard project that they have begun to work on I think is absolutely the right way to do it, something which is institutionalized and can't simply be dissolved at the stroke of a pen, the way that the promises to incorporate the Awakenings were done back in 2008, 2009.    Dr. Lynch. Thanks for the question. The problem with Iraq, you are absolutely right about the role of Iran in Iraq. It is pervasive and it goes beyond the Shia militia. It is at every level of the government, every level of the state, the security forces, the Kurds. I mean, they have relations with everybody in Iraq because they actually have a full-spectrum strategy for dealing with a close neighbor.    I would actually not pose Iran as the primary problem in Iraq. I think the militias are a primary problem. And Iran can use that instrument when it is useful for them, and if they decide that it is not useful for them, then they can begin to move to try and shut it down. And I think that the key point is going to be that it is impossible to have, as you said, it is impossible to have a strategy which is about keeping a unified state in Iraq that isn't going to include some kind of tacit, or formal, maybe not formal but at least tacit, cooperation with Iran. Their role in Iraq is simply too pervasive and too real. The security forces can't be disaggregated and only working with Sunni units.    And if you want to tamp down sectarianism, you can't then double down on a Sunni-Shia division of Iraq and try and only work with the Sunnis and fight against the Shiites. What you need to do is to try and bring that country back together, tamp down the sectarianism, and have a state based on citizenship. There has already been huge progress on a decentralization and the Constitution. You know, they are dealing with these issues of oil revenues and all these things, and no one is very happy with any of the solutions they have come up with, but they are working on them. I think that the idea of allowing the Kurds to go their own way, I think at this time is not a good one. I think that certainly we should continue to support the Pesh. We should continue to advocate Kurdish self-interest. But I think the Kurdish interests still are to be part of an Iraq in this decentralized federal framework. And that is why it is a good idea to funnel support, military support and other things, through Baghdad.    In other words, give them what they need, help them in the ways they need to be helped, but don't encourage the fragmentation of the state. And the key problem there, and I will finish, is that you talk about a three-state solution. And we have heard about this a quite a lot. There is a fairly plausible Shiite sub-state that you could imagine, and there is a very plausible Kurdish one. There is no plausible Sunni third state, other than the one ISIL has carved out. And that, I think, is not in an American interest to create. You need to keep the Sunni parts and the Shia parts together in something that we are calling Iraq. And so you are going to need to find some kind of bargain by which that state can coexist and can survive.    Dr. Lynch. In any civil war, those are excellent questions. And I really appreciate your opening comment about the, validating the idea that we are not at war with Islam is extremely important. And, you know, there has been a huge debate about whether we should use the term ``Islamic extremism'' or ``violent Islam'' or ``extremist Islam'' or those sorts of things. I actually fall in the school of thinking I don't think it really matters that much what we call them. I think this is something that we concern ourselves with greatly, but whether we call them ISIL or Daesh or ISIS or Al Qaeda, I don't think it matters very much. And I think that this notion that it would be interesting to talk about a bit more. But I think that forming a strategy is not dependent. I think it is semantics there. I really believe that.    In terms of momentum, I mean, I think if you look at these kinds of civil wars, there is constantly going to be a surge and a flow and you are going to see movements here, and a decline here, and a retreat there. We have been seeing this in Syria now for the last 2\1/2\, 3 years. It has basically been a strategic stalemate, and, you know, this village gets captured, this village gets lost. I think you can't read too much into the daily pushes and flows. I think the defeat in Kobane, it was big, because this showed that they were not unstoppable. They put a lot of resources and propaganda efforts into this and they failed. And I think that was big for blocking their momentum. I think that we have seen them pulling back from Aleppo. We have seen them trying to concentrate some of their forces. We have seen, you know, their failure to move into Erbil and into Baghdad. And so I wouldn't say, and here I would agree with you, there is no sign that we have reversed, that we are pushing them back, but we stopped their forward momentum and broke that patina of invincibility, which was extremely important I think, for the bandwagoning effect. Once they don't look invulnerable, that is when those tribes and other factions will start believing that it is safe to flip sides again. So I think that is how I would describe what is still obviously a very fluid situation.    General Flynn. Yeah, so the National Security Strategy lays out the world, which is very complex array of threats. I don't believe that the National Security Strategy prioritizes what the United States should do about those threats. Prioritizing sort of the here and now and then sort of what like what a Harry Truman said post-World War II, which was, you know, I will quote him, you know, he rightly understood that the Soviets were a, quote, ``Animated by a new fanatic faith,'' unquote. So we have to prioritize. We have to take this strategy, the National Security Strategy, and prioritize inside of it against the threats that we are facing. The fact that we even use ISIL and the word ``Islamic'' in the framework of Islamic State, it actually recognizes that, in fact, in that document, in the President's letter on top of that document, he uses Islamic State in the Levant. So it recognizes, so we in the United States are recognizing the fact that there is somebody called Islamic and there is somebody called a state inside of the Levant. So, again, we are struggling to define it as clearly as we possibly can. And it is a radical version of Islam. There is no doubt about it. And we can't not allow ourselves to define something that actually they are calling themselves in a sense. And so if the enemy is calling themselves that, why do we have such a difficult time? And the other thing, just as a real small minor thing, but the word or the acronym ``Daesh,'' okay, that we throw around now, that actually recognizes, the latter part of that acronym it describes al-Sham. Al-Sham is the Levant. So it actually, to me, in my framework of really trying to understand who it is that we are facing, and I have studied these guys. I have dealt with them. I have talked to them. They, that actually benefits them. So, in a way, we are using an acronym to describe this enemy and I think it is because the Iraqis asked us to use it, but the acronym actually describes al-Sham, which says you basically are controlling the Levant, which is essentially what they want to do.    So we have to be very, very careful about the words that we use. When we use words like mujahideen, or jihad, those are recognitions of their courage instead of using a word like ``mufsidun,'' which means you are a you know, that is about as an ugly a word as you can call an Arab. We don't use it. We should.    The Chairman. Mr. Smith.    Dr. Lynch. No, I don't. I think that we have--we did a very good job, I think, of assembling a coalition and stopping the immediate crisis. And now is the time when we need to formulate that long-term strategy. I think your question is exactly right. In terms of your specific question about what that strategy might look like, I mean, I could repeat the things I said before about preventing a clash of civilization and all that.    Dr. Lynch. I don't need to say all of that, but I really want to emphasize and second and third something that General Flynn said that you--if we are going to have any success in dealing with ISIL and with extremism in the Middle East, we have to make sure that our allies are on the same page as we are, because they have been as much the problem as the solution.    Dr. Lynch. Extraordinarily destructive in Syria and abusive of human rights. So a comprehensive strategy, I think, has to have that component of political reforms and everything else, or else it is just spitting into the wind.    Dr. Lynch. I think it is a fantastic question. Thank you. I think that the issue with statements like those by General el-Sisi, or President el-Sisi, is not the statement itself. It is that he doesn't really have the standing to issue those things because when he is presiding over a fairly repressive police state and putting tens of thousands of political dissidents in jail, it is very difficult for him to then say, Oh, but you must be moderate and you must participate in the political system. And so it gets back exactly to the conversation we were having a moment ago about the need to understand that if you want to have leaders who are capable of making--leaders in the Middle East who are capable of making the kinds of statements that you and I would very much like to see, they need to have the standing from which to do so. And right now they don't. The Saudis have been in a very difficult position on this. The Egyptians have been in a very difficult position. And so the traditional leaders of the Arab world are not in a very strong position right now to make the kinds of moves for moderation and against extremism that we need to see.    General Flynn. So, real quickly, this was, this shift in the strengthening of this ideology started well before 9/11; 9/11 just brought it to the fore. I mean, it really was, you know, it just showed how dedicated and how long term their vision is of what it is that they believe. And I believe that President el-Sisi's remarks back in the late December-January timeframe, he was talking to the Egyptian people as much as he was talking to the Arab world. And we should not lose sight of that. So, despite the challenges that Egypt faces internally to try to get back to a sense of stability and security, we need leaders like that, frankly, more of them around the Arab world that are willing to step up and say the kinds of things that he said that took a lot of courage. But he also knows, he also knows that he has to change inside of their own system, just in Egypt alone, to be able to get the people to sort of come back around to be more moderate. And they are dealing with some very, they are dealing with Al Qaeda, and they are dealing with elements of radical, you know, version of the Muslim Brotherhood in that country. So I was very heartened when I heard President el-Sisi come out and make those remarks.    Dr. Lynch. I thank you, Congressman. I want to clarify. When I was talking about ebb and flow, I was talking about civil war dynamics and not terrorism. I was talking about the battle, the fighting on the ground in Syria, specifically. So I am sorry for that confusion.    Dr. Lynch. Right. I just wanted to clarify that because the ebb and flow is really about the civil wars. And the question of whether we should have gone after Assad is a question for another day.    Dr. Lynch. I would say that, you know, if you go country by country, you get wildly different estimates. So, for example, there is an Islamic State affiliate supposedly in Algeria, which might have 20 people in it.    Dr. Lynch. So, in Iraq, what I would say is--that was your specific question?    Dr. Lynch. You might have something along the lines of--what would you say, Bill--you know, maybe 5,000 dedicated ISIS or ISIL fighters combined with a whole set of local forces who have aligned with them.    Dr. Lynch. Good question. Seventeen million, maybe. Fifteen million.    Dr. Lynch. But those are Kurds, Sunnis, and Shiites, and therefore, so if you are talking only about the Sunni community----    Dr. Lynch. Well, I would--I will defer to Bill on a lot of the details. The one I will talk about is Libya and the effect that that is having. I think that you are seeing the emergence of what looks like an Islamic State affiliate in Libya. It is a completely ungoverned space, and it is now a civil war, total polarization. And that is having destabilizing effects on both east and west. The Egyptians are extremely worried about it. Tunisians are very, very worried about it. And so, you know, basically, the lesson is you get the collapse of the state, and it opens the space for these groups. And so I am very worried about Libya for all kinds of reasons, but that is one of them.