    Mr. Deutch. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Judge Mukasey, I just want to go back to something you said earlier about the role that a court would actually play here. I mean, there is a terrorism exception currently, right, under the foreign sovereign immunities?    Mr. Deutch. State sponsor of terror, right.    Mr. Deutch. Right, right, I understand. And that is where I am going. So, when the proposed statute refers to a tortious act, a foreign state or its official employee agent acting within the scope of her office, regardless of whether the tortious conduct took place, that is what requires, I think as you suggested--and this is what I do not understand just from your years of experience--that is what you suggest requires a--before determining whether there is an exception, before knowing that the country was actively involved in terrorism, the only way--I guess you are suggesting the only way we are going to know that is if it is determined. And the only way to determine that under this statute would be in court.    Mr. Deutch. And how would you expect that would play out? That is what I am trying to get at.    Mr. Deutch. Yeah.    Mr. Deutch. Mr. Klingler, how do you respond to the suggestion that a case gets filed, and suddenly in discovery, there are requests for the production of all kinds of documents that might be used to show a connection that for a whole host of national security reasons, let alone the concern of retaliation that have been discussed, should not be part of an extensive court case?    Mr. Deutch. Right. Mr. Stephan, right, so there is an argument that I think a lot of people would make just listening to this; understand we are concerned about what maybe brought out in court, but if what we are talking about bringing out in the course of litigation under this statute is an active role played by a foreign government in a terrorist attack, why would we not expect that to be the result?    Mr. Deutch. As long as I do not have to answer your question.    Mr. Deutch. If I can just ask Professor Gurule, so should we would be concerned that if we pass this, suddenly cases are going to be brought all over alleging the most outrageous things that ultimately would not just be outrageous, but would actually start to compromise our national security?    Mr. Deutch. Thanks. Mr. Chairman, I yield back. I thank the panel. This was very helpful, very instructive.