    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This past weekend, the students of Longfellow Middle School in my district participated in the Aerospace Industry Association 2016 Team America Rocketry Challenge, and they are with us here today. So they'll stand up and we'll recognize you. Thank you for competing and for your excellence in math and engineering and technology and science.    And Mr. Weir, of all the protagonists I've run into in my life, Mark Watney was easily the most adaptable and creative I've ever seen. You know, he's a great role model, confronting life-and-death challenges daily and somehow doing it with good cheer, with humor, and moving forward with extraordinary resilience. They say every first novel is autobiographical. Who was your role model for Mark Watney?    Mr. Beyer. That's great. Will there be a sequel?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Great. Excellent. Thank you.    Mr. Crusan, our distinguished Chair in his opening comments talked about the unjustified Asteroid Retrieval Mission. Do you have any comments either on behalf of NASA or as a person paying attention to all those things?    Mr. Beyer. So it really could well be interpreted as an essential part of getting to Mars?    Mr. Beyer. Great. Well, thank you very much.    And Ms. Sigur, you--in your written testimony, you talked about how Orion has a time-triggered ethernet that's 10 times faster than your ethernet at home. I'd like to point out that Lockheed is in my Congressional district, and if you could get 10 times faster internet for all of us, we'd be very grateful.    Is there any commercial application for the 10 times faster ethernet, Ms. Sigur?    Mr. Beyer. That was a very careful response. I appreciate that.    Mr. Elbon, you talked about how we lack the killer app to develop the $1 to $2 billion annually needed to get some of the stuff off the ground. What would the killer app look like?    Mr. Beyer. Well, thank you for putting the challenge out for all of us. We passed the Science Prize Act earlier this year. Maybe we can put that as one of the Science Prize challenges is what needs to be done.    Mr. Weir, I love your idea of abandoning the zero-g gravity and just spinning the Space Station as they do so often. How difficult is it going to be to have a counterweight a quarter-mile away as they travel through space----    Mr. Beyer. --as opposed to when they're stationary.    Mr. Beyer. Is there anything in our discovery of gravitational waves that leads you to some creative thought about another approach to this?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Sigur, we--my understanding through this is that we've been taking about habitats in orbit around Moon and later obviously the habitat that takes us through the thousand-day journey. And then you've written about the habitats in a Mars orbit and stationing it there instead, and suggested, at least in the written testimony, that you might be able to do that by 2028, which is, you know, 4 or five years earlier than we planned with NASA. Is this built into NASA time frame? And what are the necessary steps to move to essentially a Mars orbit rather than something cislunar?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you.    Mr. Culbertson, you mentioned that Orbital ATK's cislunar habitat design incorporates lessons that you've learned from delivering cargo to ISS. Can you talk about what some of those lessons are?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you very much.    Mr. Elbon, you talked and wrote about the challenges of in-space propulsion, which obviously is very different from blasting off at Wallops Island. You also wrote about the solar electric tug using the power of the sun to do the propulsion. Is that what's generally established as the way we're going to move from, say, a cislunar station all the way to Mars?    Mr. Beyer. And is that really the only form of in-space propulsion that's being considered?    Mr. Beyer. One last short question.    Mr. Weir, did you pick Matt Damon to play you or----