    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try to find a microphone where I can actually see the panelists. It may be difficult so I apologize if I am talking to you through someone. OK, Mr. Pallone brought up some points and actually used the debate to say the Republicans were not interested enough in long-term care.    Look, I haven't been on this committee nearly as long as Mr. Pallone. I will in no universe be able to spend the amount of years on the committee that Mr. Pallone has spent. But I do remember the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005. And we talked at that time about things we might do to get people interested in purchasing long-term care insurance who could afford it. And that was met with a lot of resistance. Now, I buy my health insurance in the individual market, and as a consequence, I pay for that with after-tax dollars. So those are really expensive dollars to have to spend.    And we do the exact same thing to people who want to provide long-term care insurance for themselves or their families. They pay for it with after-tax dollars, and there has been an absolute stonewall providing any type of recognition that this was a benefit or this was an activity that we would like to encourage people to do.    I can think of no more loving gift that a parent can give to their children than to carry long-term care insurance so that they, the parent, are not a burden to their children. Not everyone can afford long-term care insurance. I understand that. I pay for a policy myself. I understand how the policies are sometimes difficult to find, and, yes, they can be expensive. We have made that harder. We made that harder with the Affordable Care Act when the CLASS Act provision was thrown in at the last minute, very little consideration, no hearings, no evidence collected. And as a consequence, companies that were involved in providing long-term care insurance, because the assumption was then made that, hey, the Affordable Care Act is now taking care of long-term care insurance, when it wasn't, and we had to abandon the provisions of the CLASS Act because they were so bad and a classic insurance death spiral that now people are, in fact, left with less than they had before.    So I apologize. I didn't mean to go off topic, but I felt that there needed to be some counterbalance to that debate. Now since I am off-topic already let me stay of off topic.    Mr. Gomez, your Governor, Mary Fallin, who served with us here in the House of Representatives several years ago, and we miss her, but we do value her service to the people of Oklahoma as their chief executive, she signed a bill last March or April that was a requirement for prescription drug monitoring, the requirement for physicians to check against a database before prescribing certain drugs. We have had I don't know how many hearings this year in the Health and Oversight Subcommittees on prescription drug abuse.    And we go back and forth with the prescription drug monitoring issue. But you guys solved it in your State when Governor Fallin signed that into law--well, it will go into effect I guess in November. So you haven't quite solved it yet. But you are on the road to doing that. When Governor Fallin was at the National Governors Association meeting this summer and Secretary Burwell was addressing that meeting, she asked Secretary Burwell about, would it be possible to require that same type of prescription drug monitoring in Medicaid? And I guess my confusion then is why does being on Medicaid somehow exempt someone from prescription drug monitoring? Or is it that this is such a good idea, we ought to use it, since there is a Federal jurisdiction for Medicaid, that we should apply it in a Federal sense across the country? Can you clarify that for me?    Mr. Burgess. Right. We get that. We have authorized the monitoring program here in this committee. It is called NASPER. We are in a fight with the appropriators, so they have got their own--so is there anything that prevents Oklahoma from using the database for their Medicaid patients?    Mr. Burgess. So the same requirement that will be there for anyone else is there for Medicaid patients?    Mr. Burgess. This is an important point because, I mean, the CDC has already pointed out where the prescription drug, the difficulties with prescription drugs are expanding, state expenses and Federal expenses for prisons, jails, what have you, recovery programs. So it is extremely, if we want to talk about saving money in Medicaid, it seems to me this is one of the places where we should focus.    Mr. Hagg and Ms. Riley, let me just ask a brief question. The problem with third-party liability, a state that is paying a Medicaid bill for someone who actually has coverage from another insurance company, and there is a GAO report from--now it is over 10 years ago. It has been very frustrating to me that this cannot be, this is a problem that cannot be fixed, but is the issue of somebody who has got coverage with a regular indemnity insurance plan and yet the state is picking up the tab because that person is also covered by Medicaid. In other words, Medicaid should be the provider of last resort, not first resort. Can either of you address that?    Mr. Burgess. Not according to the GAO report, but I may talk to you more about that further because it is not an insignificant amount of money we are talking about. It can be as much as 25 percent in some States.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.