    Mr. Heard. Good afternoon, Chairman Coffman, Ranking Member Kuster, and members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the Department's use of interagency agreements and Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, FFRDCs. I'm joined today by Michele Foster, Associate Executive Director, Technology Acquisition Center, and David Orso, Executive Director, Office of Policy and Planning, Enterprise Program Management Office.    The Department of Veterans Affairs relies on both internal and external contract vehicles to meet its mission of providing the very best goods and services for our Nation's veterans. As the recently published GAO report explains, the VA will utilize interagency agreements or Federally Funded Research and Development Center support when appropriate to meet these aforementioned needs.    Interagency agreements for the purpose of the GAO review centered around assisted acquisitions. Assisted acquisitions are those where an agency requests the acquisition services of another to satisfy its schedule, performance, and delivery requirements in a manner that is cost effective.    FFRDCs, the second focus of the GAO review, are independent nonprofit entities sponsored and funded primarily by the United States government to meet specific long-term technical needs that cannot appropriately be met by any for-profit commercial organization. FFRDCs are managed by a nonprofit parent organization in accordance with statute and regulation.    The long-term strategic relationship between the government and an FFRDC is encouraged to enable the FFRDC to develop and maintain in-depth knowledge of its sponsored programs and operations. VA cosponsors an FFRDC with the Internal Revenue Service through MITRE Corporation, which has five core competencies: Strategic management, procurement support and evaluations, program and project management, technical management, and independent evaluation and audit.    To ensure proper management and oversight of our use of the FFRDC, VA established an enterprise-wide executive-level governance structure. The FFRDC Governance Plan provides guidelines and procedures for ensuring compliance with the FAR and applies to all administrations and staff offices within the VA that seek to use the services of an FFRDC.    As it relates to the GAO report recommendations, five distinct areas were highlighted for VA's consideration. Specifically, GAO recommended VA revise its policies to improve the recording of interagency transaction data and to ensure interagency training reaches the full range of program and contracting officials. We concur on both of these recommendations and are currently in the process of revising our current financial and procurement policy to more clearly address recording procedures, as well as developing a robust training program designed to mitigate gaps in compliance with interagency procurement policy.    In addressing FFRDCs, GAO substantially validated the VA's administrative processes and overall utilization of MITRE Corporation. However, they did present three recommendations that they believe would provide consistency throughout VA. GAO recommended VA develop a strategy to ensure Department-wide adherence to the Governance Plan, improving support file documentation, and reassessing its approach towards travel costs. We concur on all three recommendations.    As previously stated, VA concurs with the recommendation offered by GAO. We've already begun to execute corrective action and believe that they will sufficiently address the GAO's suggestions.    Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, this concludes my oral statement. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before the committee. My colleagues and I would be happy to respond to any questions that you may have.    Mr. Heard. I believe I am, sir.    Mr. Heard. That's a vulnerability, sir, and that's part of the reason why we need to develop a comprehensive training plan for all of our acquisition professionals that utilize interagency agreement authority for their programs.    Mr. Heard. Sir, I'd like to refer that to Michele Foster, who oversees that process at the TAC for the MITRE contract.    Mr. Heard. It's a good question, sir. The policy that we put in place as a result of the recommendations that the IG found were based on ensuring that we had more management structure overseeing those acquisitions. These were assisted acquisitions where acquisition personnel were somehow disconnected from that process. So putting that back into play, we wanted to make sure that acquisition professionals provided a higher level of oversight to those contracts. In this case, the IG was identifying vulnerabilities in the execution of various contracts that the VA had entered into.    Today what we're talking about is ensuring that we're doing a better job in documenting those efforts and a better job in training those individuals that perform those duties. This effort is going to be multidisciplinary. It's something that is not just going to be done with our acquisition professionals. But as GAO reported, the differences with some of the accounting, we are going to ensure that our CFO's office works with us, as well as our own general counsel too.    Mr. Heard. Yes, ma'am. Best solution to many of our problems is our ability to provide training. As a Department, we have the benefit of having a very robust training program at our VA Acquisition Academy. I believe some members and staff for the subcommittee has visited that organization up in Frederick, Maryland.    That's a delivery. That's where we plan to deliver some of our efforts, whether it's face to face or perhaps online. But that is our----    Mr. Heard. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Heard. Well, those five steps are within the core competencies of the FFRDC. Our interagency agreements for assisted acquisition services is more of a reliance on another agency that may have expertise in a certain type of procurement, whether it's for a management skill, an engineering skill, a developmental skill, a training skill. As an organization, we may see that might be the best suitable solution for the Department.    And so when we look at interagency agreements, we also look at interagency agreements as a form of an assisted acquisition service, and we also look at it as a form of a transference of funds for services that the VA may be responsible to pay for. That's why we see in some respects the large delta between how much has been obligated and then how much is in our contract writing system.    Mr. Heard. Ma'am, that is a very specific issue that I don't feel equipped to talk about today. I would like to take that for the record so that is based on an IG report----    Mr. Heard . And so that we can bring back remedial action for that.    Mr. Heard. Yes. And part of it is our policy on our use of electronic contract writing system. Part of it is our training. Part of it may be also to relook at our policy and make it more of an overall or overarching review of our internal controls.    This is a serious problem and we recognize that. I'd like to say that it was--it would be an easy fix just to say that we have to make some changes in a policy letter and then put out a training. But we have to make sure that the training hits home.    So that, frankly, I'm sad to say that when I read the GAO report I see management issues, where an individual who doesn't feel comfortable doing an acquisition of this nature feels that they're stuck doing it. We want the best people that have the knowledge, experience to do these contracts, and that's what we want to be able to move forward with.    Mr. Heard. Sure. And it was regarding training. And we see that the training here is really a concerted effort among three primary organizations. And when I say primary, I think the fourth is also our acquisition workforce. But this is actually a responsibility of the CAO, Chief Acquisition Officer, the CFO, Chief Financial Officer, and the general counsel.    And when I talk about the Chief Financial Officer, there are rules on interagency agreements and interagency transference of funds, and that's where we see a lot more money being expended because it's not just about interagency agreements for assisted acquisition services. And that is one of the focuses that I have. That's some of the exposure that GAO identified in their report.    Mr. Heard. Sir, if I could clarify one point. What we report or what's seen for assisted acquisitions, that's in our contract writing system. That's really a subset of how much money is being spent overall in inter- and intra-agency expenditures or transactions. So our focus there is what our contracting officers use to build interagency agreements to support assisted acquisition services from other agencies.    Mr. Heard. It is my responsibility, but what I'm saying, that delta is not in our eCMS contract writing system. It is not an accounting system. It's a system that we use, using----    Mr. Heard. Only for assisted acquisition services it is.    Mr. Heard. Should be in eCMS.    Mr. Heard. I don't know.    Mr. Heard. From a technical standpoint, sir, that there's been a considerable amount of change to make eCMS perform better. Those changes occurred in 2012-2013 timeframe, and we are very pleased with the success that we have and the utility it offers.    It does not change the fact that back in 2009, and somewhat later, that there were areas of missing data, lack of support to our organization. But the fixes that have been put in place have showed some dramatic change in its utility across the Department.    Mr. Heard. Sir, I would like Michele Foster to answer that question for you.    Mr. Heard. Congressman, I don't have our timeframe. But from a management standpoint, it is managed through our Chief Acquisition Officer. So we will be reporting on a routine basis to him, Greg Giddens, on our status.    Mr. Heard. We have not had that sit down. We had the----    Mr. Heard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Heard. We're going to organize that meeting next week.    Mr. Heard. I do not know, sir.    Mr. Heard. We will.    Mr. Heard. It would be difficult to mine. But a perspective to share is that DLA, like GSA, like many other organizations, including the VA, may use, rather than appropriated funds, revolving funds to manage these types of contracts. And that revolving fund is money to bring back to cover its cost of operations. And so not knowing what the 2.5 percent is, and I actually don't know what the commodity is, there's a business sense behind that percentage.    Mr. Heard. Sir, there was a previous question that we did take that one for the record. We are going to be providing some very detailed information on what occurred there and what has actually happened.    But if I may add that part of our improvements, maybe more accountability to our policy, was to ensure that contracting professionals, contracting officers, are engaged in those contracts as opposed to having just the program office oversee or manage. We want to make sure that we have the right expertise involved in those contracts so that they just can't run amuck or go rogue, as we may have seen in the past.    Mr. Heard. Sir, if I could, I think we want to answer that both with Michele and from David from a program standpoint. So Michele can address it from a contracting perspective on performance, and then as a consumer user David can give that perspective.    Mr. Heard. I am not familiar with that. You know, I can ask Michele to maybe opine on that, you know, based on her oversight to that contract.    Mr. Heard. Sir, we'll do that as a two part. We'll talk about it as a contracting point, the rigors of that decisionmaking----    Mr. Heard. Okay. Go ahead.    Mr. Heard. It's a nonprofit, sir.    Mr. Heard. They; re a nonprofit organization.    Mr. Heard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Heard. Right.    Mr. Heard. They are a contracting authority under the Federal acquisition regulations.    Mr. Heard. And they have been in existence for many years. I can take it for the record to give you maybe a sheet, fact sheet, on FFRDCs if you would like.    Mr. Heard. It could have a significant impact on the performance of those agreements. If we had to look at it from that budget perspective, you know, at this point it's part of the budget, the execution.    But if those savings were to be found, you know, VA would be looking under rocks to find where those dollars can be found, and that could have an impact on those programs as well.    Mr. Heard. We had two issues, and the one was the fees paid for it. To the best of my knowledge, we are looking at those that came up through this interagency agreement, review by the GAO, the audit that they conducted. So we are going to go back to each one of those contracting organizations and ask them to extrapolate those fees based on the total costs associated with those agreements.    Mr. Heard. Sir, my commitment there was by next week I will have that meeting scheduled with all those parties.    Mr. Heard. I would really like to have at least 2 weeks after that meeting. I think that is very, very important.    Mr. Heard. Yes.    Mr. Heard. By said date.