    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to our Ranking Member.    According to the rail industry officials, the transport of crude oil on trains through dense urban areas has increased 40-fold since 2008. In addition to that, over the past decade or so railroads have begun shipping large quantities of flammable liquids, such as ethanol and crude oil, creating an entirely new response challenge.    Every day, dangerous rail freight carrying security-sensitive cargo travels throughout my district, weaving through residential areas and passing by schools and homes and businesses. In fact, Bakken crude, the more flammable oil, which makes it probably the most dangerous to transport, travels along New Jersey's rail line at a volume of 15 to 30 million gallons per day.    I have said it before in the whole committee and in my subcommittees and I will say it again, my district has the two most dangerous miles in America for terrorist targets, and that is in the area around Newark, New Jersey, and Elizabeth, where the rail, the interstate, the airport, the port, and chemical installations are within a 2-mile radius.    With that said, Mr. Mayenschein--did I get it right?    Mr. Payne . What role does TSA playing ensuring that dangerous rail freight in the communities that they must travel through are secure as can be? I have put forth legislation in order to strengthen the rail cars that carry this dangerous oil. So to my question?    Mr. Payne. As we have seen over the past several years, the major explosion in Canada, we had an incident in Lynchburg, Virginia, and also a situation where a train derailed and fell into the James River in Virginia. I am very concerned about those issues.    So how does TSA track the trains carrying the hazardous material in real time? Are there any steps taken en route from trains in high-threat urban areas? Mind you, my other issue is when these cars are sitting railside, the security of that is in place, it seems very lacking when it is just sitting in the yard to move to its next destination.    Mr. Payne. We are finding that that is not the case, though, to the degree that we feel that it is necessary in order to secure that.    Mr. Payne. Okay.