    Mr. Kilmer. I represent Tacoma and the Olympic Peninsula of Washington State.    Mr. Kilmer. That is right, yeah.    Mr. Kilmer. You bet.    Mr. Kilmer. We say in Washington we do not tan. We rest.    Mr. Kilmer. Yeah.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thanks for being here.    I wanted to dive into the Government Performance and Results Act and the requirements that it has established for agencies. I am a firm believer that we should be focused on outcomes rather than just inputs.    And I started looking through the priority goals and performance information for fiscal year 2014 and 2015 that accompanied the department's budget request. And it seemed to me a lot of the goals were, particularly those associated with violent crime, financial and healthcare fraud, and vulnerable people concentrate a lot more on actions rather than on outcomes and on results.    So just as an example, on the vulnerable people section, the department said that it was going to, and I'm quoting, ``open investigations concerning noncompliant ex-offenders at four percent over average in fiscal years 2012 and 2013, sexual exploitation of children, three percent over average for fiscal years 2011, 2012, and 2013,'' and so on.    So I want to get a better understanding. How does opening investigations represent results-oriented management? And, you know, so what do the folks we represent get out of opening more cases and should the focus not be on outcomes of those cases? And if that is the goal, what ought we do?    Mr. Kilmer. Yeah.    Mr. Kilmer. Uh-huh.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you.    I think that is valuable feedback and I think we would have a strong appetite for working with you to drive that.    Let me ask one other thing if time permits. So in 2013, the Congress reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act. And one of the key provisions of that was giving tribes the authority to exercise jurisdiction over domestic violence criminals regardless of their Indian and un-Indian status. And that provision goes into effect on March the 7th.    Has your office looked into how the department has worked with tribal authorities to prepare for that, for implementing that new authority, and is funding needed or anything else needed to see that move?    Mr. Kilmer. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for being here. I was struck by your written testimony that the degree in which cybersecurity is a concern and a problem. You know, I know that your office submitted a lot of recommendations to NOAA following their cyber attack against NOAA in 2014.    Do they have the capacity and the capability to actually maintain an IT infrastructure to avoid future cyber attack?    Mr. Kilmer. So what is the issue and what is the concern they raise and why would not they adopt your recommendations?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay.    Mr. Kilmer. Got it.    Can you talk more about what else needs to be done to improve--outside of NOAA--everything from incident detection and response to cyber attack against the Department and the sub agencies?    Mr. Kilmer. Uh-huh.    Mr. Kilmer. I want to also ask about the concerns around acquisition policy. Your testimony mentioned concern about the use of time and materials and labor hour-type contracts. You know, I do not think it is Congress' role to dictate how contracting officers specifically structure their contracts, but I think it is important that we make sure that they are educated about, and have the tools that they need to make good business decisions. So with that said, what do you think is driving the use of some of these more risky contracts and what do you think we ought to do to make sure that the use of those contracts is appropriate?    Mr. Kilmer. So I guess just to put a fine point on it, is there something that you recommend that we do to try to drive better behavior in that regard?    Mr. Kilmer. Yeah.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you.    Thanks, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Kilmer. No, thank you.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I spent the previous 2 years on the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and there is a lot of interest in that committee not just in space but around commercialization of research and the SBIR program, and I read in the written testimony that there were a couple of incidences of fraud related to NASA's SBIR program. Just wanted to get a sense, is that a systemic problem or are these a couple bad actors, or----    Mr. Kilmer. Is there, given that it is a systemic problem, suggestions in terms of what the systemic response should be? Whether it be legislative or other sort of direction to those who issue the SBIR awards?    Mr. Kilmer. That is (indiscernible) feedback. Given the conversation around commercial activity, that is something that we are actually seeing some involvement on in my neck of the woods. Have you seen NASA developing any capabilities that duplicate or compete with capabilities being developed within the private sector?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay. I yield back. Thank you, Chairman.