    Mr. LoBiondo. Good morning. The subcommittee will come to order. Before actually getting started, I ask unanimous consent that Members not on the subcommittee be permitted to sit with the subcommittee at today's hearing, offer testimony and ask questions. And without objection, so ordered.    Good morning, and thank you all for being here. Today we will be examining the Federal Aviation Administration's oversight of commercial space transportation. We are at an exciting time in the aviation world. In the past few years, this committee has met regularly to discuss the advent of drones into the National Airspace System, and we are here this morning to talk about the burgeoning industry of commercial space transportation.    Before we begin, I would like to note that yesterday the FAA released its long overdue final rule on small drones, and although we are continuing to review it in detail, I am very pleased that the rule focuses on safely integrating drones in operation today while providing flexibility to permit more advanced types of operations as technology improves. It is a very good step forward, I think.    It has been 7 years since this subcommittee last held a hearing dedicated to this topic. Since that time, the space shuttle has been retired, leaving the United States without a domestic option to transport humans into space, and requiring NASA to pay millions of dollars per seat on Russian spacecraft.    Private industry, with the support of the FAA and NASA, is working to fill this transportation gap, while developing new and innovative methods to transport passengers and cargo safely and efficiently into space. The result has been the domination of these commercial space industries by the United States in virtually all areas. United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, provides valuable and highly reliable launch services to the U.S. Government.    Orbital ATK has operated five successful unmanned supply missions to the International Space Station, and we wish them well on their launch 2 weeks from today.    SpaceX and Blue Origin are leading pioneers in the effort to bring down the cost of commercial space launches by reusing launch vehicles. Virgin Galactic, World View Enterprises, and XCOR seek to offer new and exciting experiences and bring space travel and tourism to the general public. These companies and many others contribute to a highly innovative industry advancing U.S. leadership in the field.    I believe we are witnessing a major change in transportation, one that will match the energy and enthusiasm of the early days of barnstorming. These advances require the close cooperation and oversight of FAA's Office of Commercial Space Transportation, or AST. AST's mission is to protect the public, property, and the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States during commercial launch or reentry activities, and to encourage, facilitate, and promote U.S. commercial space transportation.    Commercial space transportation is still an inherently risk-filled endeavor. Our hearing summary outlines two specific accidents, but there have been others. We want to ensure that AST and industry learn from these incidents in order to lay the foundation for a future commercial space transportation safety regulatory framework.    In November 2015, Congress passed the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, which has helped position the industry in the United States to further expand and capitalize on our Nation's leadership in this field. We have invited you all here today to get a better sense of the state of the industry following enactment of this law and to learn about opportunities and challenges related to commercial space transportation.    Though this is a newer topic to me and many on the subcommittee, much of the FAA's work in this area is performed in my district at the FAA's premier flagship technical facility in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. There, private companies are working with the FAA on a number of projects, including modeling of debris fields, simulating launches and reentries, utilizing the expertise of air traffic controllers, and testing communications systems between spacecraft and air traffic control.    We appreciate all of the work that industry and FAA are doing at the FAA Tech Center in order to continue advancing safe commercial space transportation. As this subcommittee continues to assess the current state of the commercial space transportation industry, it is important that industry engage with members of this panel. I would also encourage all Members to reach out to our distinguished witnesses and others in the commercial space transportation field to learn more about how this transportation sector impacts each and every congressional district.    I am sure this will be an interesting hearing, and I very much look forward to hearing from our distinguished panel of witnesses. Now I would like to yield to Mr. Larsen for any statements he may make.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Larsen. I would now like to recognize Mr. DeFazio if you have any remarks you would like to make.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. Now we will turn to our distinguished panel of witnesses today.    We have Dr. George Nield, Associate Administrator of Commercial Space Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration; Dr. Gerald Dillingham, Director of Physical Infrastructure Issues for the United States Government Accountability Office; Mr. Michael Gold, Chairman of Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee; Mr. Michael Lopez-Alegria, Vice Chairman of Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee; and Taber MacCallum, chief technology officer of World View Enterprises.    I thank you all for being here today. I would also like to ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record. Without objection, so ordered.    And to the witnesses, since your written testimony is in the record, if you can try to come close to the 5 minutes, that would be helpful. But Dr. Nield, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Can you--I think your mic needs to be flipped on.    Mr. LoBiondo. I am sorry. Could you pull a little closer?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you very much.    Dr. Dillingham, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Dr. Dillingham.    We will now turn to Mr. Gold. You are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Gold.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Excuse me, could you pull your microphone a little closer.    Mr. LoBiondo. Much better.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Mr. LoBiondo. All right. Thank you very much.    Mr. MacCallum, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. All right. Thank you very much. I will now turn to Mr. Larsen for questions.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Young.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Duncan.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Carson.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Hanna.    Mr. LoBiondo. Ms. Titus.    Mr. LoBiondo. The gentleman from Georgia.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Dr. Nield, can you describe the current process for alerting air traffic control to a spacecraft that will reenter the atmosphere and pass through the NAS?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Dr. Dillingham, according to the August 2015 report your testimony is based on, AST's 2015 business plan contained a plan to determine the feasibility of a voluntary safety reporting system which has been very successful in enhancing commercial aviation safety.    In your view, has the FAA made any progress in establishing such a system for commercial space transportation sector?    Mr. LoBiondo. Anybody else on the panel want to comment on that?    Mr. Lopez-Alegria, in your testimony, you stated the fact that the occupant safety is not yet regulated in commercial spaceflight does not mean that it is not safe. Can you elaborate on that?    Mr. LoBiondo. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Larsen.    Mr. LoBiondo. Are you also volunteering for an experience?    Mr. LoBiondo. I want to thank the panel very much. It was very enlightening. We appreciate your expertise. We appreciate your service. And we hope to be in touch.    The hearing is adjourned.