    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Thank you.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am Rafael Moure-Eraso, the Chairperson with the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, or the CSB. I have--I am a first-generation American who has dedicated his life to occupational safety and health. I have 15 weeks to go before I retire to my home near Boston and to my family and my grandchildren.    I will start by frankly acknowledging your criticisms of my management during the last hearing. I was humbled by the messages I heard loud and clear. I took them to heart.    I have worked together with other Board members and the staff to address the issues you raise. We have adopted a set of recommendations made by former Representative Henry Waxman aimed at improving the functioning of the Board. We have also formed an independent workplace improvement committee that is functioning. As you know, we contracted with a consulting company, Vantage, to provide coaching and other services to help us improve internal communications.    We recently discovered that Vantage findings, prior from being presented to the Board, were altered through inappropriate interactions with the contractor. We have asked for the IG's--the inspector general--assistance in investigating this matter, the contractual matter.    But the most important point I will make today is that we have been making rapid progress in the core mission of the CSB, what we were called to do. We have completed eight high-quality chemical accident investigation reports in the last 9 months, a record for the agency. These reports represent the culmination of years of hard work by our highly motivated investigators. These are wonderful public servants who have spent long months away from their families determining the root causes of horrible accidents.    The number of open investigations, which was as an all-time high of 22 in June 2010, when I began my term, is now down to 6. Five of those six remaining cases are on track to be completed by the end of the fiscal year, including the West Fertilizer explosion, the contamination of West Virginia drinking water, and the Deepwater Horizon blowout.    Our Deepwater reports issued last year established for the first time why the blowout preventer failed to work properly. Many other investigations are having a lasting impact on safety.    For example, California and Washington States are revamping the refinery safety rules following the CSB Chevron and Tesoro investigations when we completed this very last year.    Finally, I would like to thank the IG for their efforts with us on Federal records management concerning the use of the nongovernmental email. In February, we received a letter from the White House Counsel concerning the IG report and have taken all the corrective actions he requested. The nongovernmental emails have been transferred to agency servers, as we recently informed the IG and the committee. We found that at least two other Board members and many staff have been using also personal email. Those emails have also been preserved and moving to the agency servers.    In addition, on February 19, we provided training to all Board members and as the new requirements on the law of the preservation of nongovernmental report.    As my time as Chairman goes to a close, we will be leaving behind a stronger agency. We have two outstanding new appointees, Manuel Ehrlich and Rick Engler, one from industry and one from labor, and both tremendously enthusiastic about the mission. It's a perfect fit.    All of us look forward to the confirmation and appointment of President Obama's new nominee as Chair, Vanessa Sutherland, who was announced yesterday. As we work through your concerns to make this an even better agency, I assure you that whatever my shortcomings have been, my commitment to the CSB mission have never wavered. I am looking forward to working collegially with the new members for the few weeks that remain. Thank you.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. In February of this year, we received a letter from the White House in which they--they say that if--excuse me. Let me start again.    We believe that, at this time, we are in compliance with all regulations and with all the requests of the IG. All relevant emails have been transferred to government servers for recordkeeping. I certify my own certification in July of last year, 2014, and after reviewing----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I can send you to a letter that I sent through email in which I made the certification. If you want, I can quote it from it. It's right here. My letter say to Mr. Elkins, July 15, 2014, last two paragraphs: Accordingly, I believe that all documents requested by your office covering the period to January 2012 to the present have been fulfilled. The CSB chief information officer was responsible for conducting and overseeing these searches, and based on his assurances and to the best of my knowledge and belief, the documents provided to your office satisfy all outstanding requests concerning this matter.    This was submitted to Mr. Elkins in July 15, 2014.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. There were some other subject matters. We used to use the Gmail to transmit publications in which the CSB were mentioned. We discovered the publication, and I will send him a copy to----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That is not correct, no. That is not the case.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, Congressman, I am aware.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That is correct.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That's what the survey seemed to imply, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That's what the survey seems to indicate.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't disagree with the results of the survey, but I disagree with the statements that you mention from the former Board member.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Because I think that people have the option in the agency to express their views and to discuss it with everybody. That has been my policy.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I think that the employee--the employees disagree with my view.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. This says that. Also I would like to say that the report said that 70 percent of the people agree that they feel that they are accountable for achieving results and also that there have been 20 percent improvement since 2013 of more than two-thirds of the issues that were raised in the survey.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That's correct, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I am open about the conclusions of Vantage, but what I discovered is that the report itself have been compromised by two CSB senior members. They seem to have influenced the contractor to insert critical language that they theirselves have written and eliminated the language that where the consultants believe that CSB was making progress. This make it appear that the consultants were highly critical of senior leadership. They did this in secret and told the contractor to keep it confidential. I have requested that the IG investigate this contractor relationship that seems to be compromised and that seems to me that loses the integrity of the results.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, what I found when I get into the agency is that it was a normal custom that----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I use--saw the experience that everybody used Gmail for certain communications.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Everybody that communicated with me, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. My understanding at the time is that communications through Gmail were acceptable and----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. In June 2010    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I told you, June 2010.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Three months.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, that is not my answer. What I did----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, right. That is----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. When I was notified by my----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Counsel that this was not a good recordkeeping practice----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . I stopped doing it.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Probably yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I mean----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I didn't know that I couldn't.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I did know----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . I did recognize that it was not a good recordkeeping practice.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It was pointed out to me, and I ceased to do this.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, I transmitted----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, the people that I write emails to and people that write emails to me, so----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Of course.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know the exact date as you are asking for, but yes, I stopped the practice.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . The exact day.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Congressman, I cannot tell you an exact day. I'm sorry.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I said----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I said at the beginning of my tenure.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If you look at the email that you are referring to----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It's simply the transmission of an article that appeared in the press.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I accept it. I made mistake probably in address, and rather than using the CSB mail, by a mistake, I sent it a Gmail with a copy of an article that appeared in a newspaper.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, it is.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If I may----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. OK. Well, do you want----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Oh, that's the question, yes. Yes, I was I aware of that explosion, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We--as we normally do when there are serious chemical explosions, we convened what we call a deployment meeting, in which we collect information about the particular incident. We poll the senior department directors on the information that we have. We use an algorithm to put a number that will define the seriousness of the consequence of the accident. And based on all those inputs, we make a decision if we are able to deploy or not to a particular accident.    And we went through all that process in Torrance.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The timeline is within 24 hours of the accident.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The conclusions of the deployment meeting was that, even though that was an important and serious accidents, that we didn't have the resources to deploy, and we didn't deploy.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Congressman----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Congressman, if I might--if I may, these changes that happened in January the 28th were not for me. I have a few weeks left. They were put on the Board after 4 1/2 years of discussion of what is the way that governance will work on the Board. And they were put in place and voted in there by the new Board member--were proposed by a new Board member and supported by me to establish clear lines of authority and to put the way that the agency functioned to make it compatible with Federal law.    We cannot have Board orders that are incompatible with Federal law. The objective is to put them in line with the National Transportation Safety Board--that we did--and to have a system that is--a system that is--that follows a model--that is, the National Transportation Safety Board--and that will work for the future. This is for the future.    If there is any idea from other Board members that this is not acceptable or it is not useful, of course they have the opportunity to propose a motion and to try to change it whenever they want. They have 5 years to do it.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have been discussing the government issue with Mr. Griffon for 4 1/2 years. As a matter of fact, for a year, we discussed what should be the Board's roles and responsibilities. And----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . We're proposing a Board order that we agree on, that we're going to vote on, and then he voted ``no'' on it. And this discussion continued for a year.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, I did. We----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We have----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If I can explain to you----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. You know we have----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. May I respond----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . To the Congressman?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, I have. I have----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have, to tell them that we have immediately responded to the IG request and provided them with their request and that we have--we are in compliance with the rules that were passed in terms of how to use nongovernmental mail that were passed by this committee and----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Absolutely.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I agree there is a confusion about some dates about when these things happened. But I can tell you that all the nongovernmental emails that were produced by me and by staff and by two Board members, all those emails have been transferred--I mean, for one thing, have been kept in the server and are available for----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. They----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Are right here. They are right here. I informed to them that they have been put on the server and they are available.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Absolutely. They are right here.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The law----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . As far as I understand it, was passed in November 2014. Immediately, as I was made aware of that law, I----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. My understanding is that the Federal Records Act before 2014 was silent about nongovernmental emails.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I disagree with your premise that the objective of using those emails was to oppress people or all the other things that you are saying that had happened. The----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. First, when I started, as I explained, out of ignorance. When I find out that this was obviously not a good way of keeping records, I stopped the practice, and I start collecting everything that was developed in----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I already have provided that information. Yes. And the information on the other people that use Gmail that I here I will provide too.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, first of all, Mr. Congressman, we stopped using the emails, giving the exact date, March 2013.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I mean, that was what the White House requested from us to comply with that----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . And we complied with that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, of course not.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It was a general practice in the agency for people to use Gmails when I arrived.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Ehrlich wasn't there.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Griffon, I believe.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No one really----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The people that told me that--I mean, it wasn't a discussion about if we could use or not use emails. It's simply that----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Naturally, people----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have no recollection of that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. At that time, no.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know. Probably I should----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I am testifying.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That gentleman is general counsel of the agency.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know. You are running----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . The hearing here.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I didn't hear, no.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, I couldn't hear him.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I am paying attention to you. I----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I mean, I--I made that statement because, as I said, it was a common practice for everybody to use it, so my assumption----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. As far as I can tell, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know one way or the other. I don't have any recollection of that on that issue.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Probably, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I am committed to see--to see the work of the Chemical----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Safety Board finished----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . And I believe that the reports that we still have on line have to be finished----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't have an opinion on that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't know which lifetime bureaucrat you are referring to. I'm not a lifetime bureaucrat.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The request was not denied. I disagree with Mr. Griffon. We have published an action plan in which we have listed all the open investigations and what were the plans to do. This was presented and discussed with all Board members at our public----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Congressman, this action plan with the elements that Mr. Engler mentioned is in place. We have presented to the Board. It has been distributed to the Board. It's not simply a list of investigations. It's a prioritized list in which we say which ones are going to be finished first, second, and third and why, and also establish points in the schedule of when different things are going to be finished. That is----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I affirm that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I sent, as I said before, a letter to Mr. Elkins expressing that, as I said before, that the CSB Chief Information Officer, who are responsible for conducting and overseeing the searches they request, and based on his assurances and to the best of my knowledge and belief, the documents provided to the office of Mr. Elkins satisfy all outstanding requests in this matter.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I sent him a letter certifying that I have sent----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I didn't. I sent the letter----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The way it was put to me is that I was asking to volunteer to sign the--that I--if I volunteered to sign this new form that they provided to me. And I felt like I have already certified, I have signed, I have given my word, and I didn't feel like volunteer to sign this new form--this new form that was presented to me.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It's just that I already have given a certification. I was asking a second certification--volunteered to make a second one.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. My private lawyers said that I shouldn't volunteer to sign forms that I wasn't obligated to sign.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It was thought that it was volunteer, so I said, look, the issue is certification or send the materials. I have given a certification in the form of a letter. I have sent the material. I have given my word that I sent the material. I have my chief information officers doing the searches, getting the information, and transferring. I--I followed the advice.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I wasn't very clear if I was required to sign the certification. I have a letter in which I certified----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I thought that my letter speak for myself for giving a certification of----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I didn't.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I--I have--I asked for legal advice on this. This is a pretty serious matter.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. And I showed--yes--I showed them this document and said, well, you know, they are asking me--they have developed this document, they want me to volunteer to sign. And I said, well, I already certified this, I already signed the letter saying I submitted what they want. So he said, well, my advice is you don't volunteer to sign a document that you don't have to.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. As far as I'm concerned, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I have it here.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have two copies, as a matter of fact, so I'll give you one.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I'm sorry?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't remember now.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have work to do.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Disagree.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Disagree.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Disagree.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Disagree.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I disagree.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't visit ladies' washrooms. So I disagree. I don't know one way or the other.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I disagree. As a matter of fact, what we have to see is what is the product of the agency, what we accomplish, what we produce. I pointed out, in the last 8 months, we have to produced eight world-class reports on safety. And that is our core mission, that's what we do, and that's what we do right.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. A place that has a toxic work environment probably cannot produce world-class----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The function of the job is to make--to organize an agency that will be able to investigate major chemical accidents and provide recommendations for preventing them from happening.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That has been happening, and that we are providing to the American public.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I would say about an eight.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Uh-huh.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I don't know how you define ``inefficiency.'' We have produced 22 major reports in 5 years, and in the last 8 months we have produced eight reports, major reports, that include, each one, a video that appear on our Website. We have 400,000 hits on our Website for our work. I don't think----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Not premium, but, you know, it has delivered what it was designed to do.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I would like to have--to have more resources in order to be able to cover more of these chemical accidents.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We didn't have enough resources to do the work that we were--were given to us, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, that's correct.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That is correct.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The old Board order, yes, it has something like that in the old Board order, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Because the--that order is in conflict with the Office of Personnel Management procedures for the choosing of SES. Under the procedures of the Office of Personnel Management, the appointment authority for SES in a Federal agency is the head of the agency.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. In this particular--in the old order that you are referring to, they say that the appointment authority was on the Board. It has to be a vote to accept an SES.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That the evaluation of the person has to be also doing by the whole Board arrive on the one person.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. May I make----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, we do have an Executive Resources Board, as a matter of fact. We have established one for SES as hiring. That is part--you are correct, that is part of the OPM regulations.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, no. I misspoke. There was an additional board, internal board that was created for Board Order 23, and that is what it was, not on the Office of Personnel Management. There is an additional board created internally.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We have--we're authorized to have three SESes, and at the time we only have one, so I thought it was important to initiate the process to recruit another SES member. And so, since this issue is so delicate and there has to be beyond any reproach, the process, I did hire a consultant with extensive experience on SES, that was a former SES, to conduct the search to choose an Executive Resource Board that is already chosen and to start--to start the process of--open a search for an SES that has been initiated.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Chairman, I have to look at my----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have to look at my records. I don't know.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have to look at----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . My records. I cannot answer you.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have to look at my records.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I assume that Mr. Sullivan has probably a document that says so.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I said that--I didn't give you a date. I can't--I couldn't give you an exact date of when this is done.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. You have to ask them.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. My lawyer told me that I shouldn't volunteer when I don't have to. So I am not volunteer.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. So what is the question?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. As far as I know, yes. My knowledge is that----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If I don't know something, I cannot tell you yes or no.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Uh-huh.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I understand within 24 hours or 48 hours.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I will characterize it this way. I use--I use--have reason to believe that the report has been tampered with and that the report was not a piece of that that I could trust, an integral objective evaluation of my agency. I have spent a lot of money contracting these people to give accurate information.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I'm sorry?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. As a matter of fact, I have a----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . A number of emails. When the committee request us for information.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We sent--we send it to you what I believe is 2,000 pages of emails, of interaction between Vantage----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . And CSB.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. And you know, if you just look at what those emails said, if you will, you know. I have--I have here----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The reasons were, you know, I found an email from this person that said: ``to the--to Vantage, will not say anything about progress.'' Also, it says, Put in the slide saying leaders appear to be backing away from external advice and accompanying committees. As a result, in the document, it says, Senior leaders are backing away from external advice.    My issue is, you know, is this a report of an independent objective consultant of professionals advising me, or is it simply they are basically transmitting----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . The appearance of a hostile establishment.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I have asked--I have asked the inspector general to look at the relationship between the contractor and this person because I believe they compromise the integrity of the statements that they are claiming to have objectively----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Evaluated.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. They meet very frequently. I will say more than 10 times since they have met, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. I found out that this report that I was counting on to help to do the work that we have was compromised and that the person that was in charge of it has interfered on the report, and I approved of removing him of having anymore responsibilities of running this contract.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I found out that information because we look at communications that were sent to you, to the committee, that you requested and emails in which there are secret communications between the CSB contracted officer and----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I got the communications because--I got the communications when I----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, I read the communications in the last 3 or 4 days. This happened 2 weeks ago, you know. It's a very fast-moving situation and----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Could I explain to you----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . How it happened? When--when I read the--what Vantage presented to me, and I inquired to Vantage what were the communications that it had with your staff, he refused to give me clear information about it. And I found it strange that information about progress that we have done about the Washington report and the problems that we have gone about steps that we have taken in the nine points--in nine points, programs that I have to improve issues, none of those things that were progress on the management of the agency appeared in the report.    And I got suspicious about that because I have provided directly that information to Vantage, and they say that it was very important information to include what progress has been done. When that was missing and when--when he says that he was not commenting with anybody that--that that hasn't any of that information additional on the report, I thought that the report was incomplete and the report was----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Exactly.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. What I did, if I may, Congressman----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. What I did is say, I would like to see communications between the CSB contract--contract manager and the contractor. I read the communications, and that is when I--what I am reading to you when I saw direct interference of the contract officer was trying to change the conclusions of the report. As a matter of fact, there was aprevious version of the Vantage report in which all the positive things appear, and in the second, all were erased.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I approved that because not based on the interview that I have with Vantage and the interview that I have with the person that made the--that----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Made the report.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That I remember, probably this is--this is--the time, I have to refresh my memory.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It might be at least once before another time.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I don't remember. I have to look at my records.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. When--when there is what I consider that there might be some legal problems or that something is going to be detrimental of the agency, I will like to know what is happening, yes, and I did----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, not every single request, a request that I believe the integrity of the agency is at stake.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Oh, yes. I mean, he--I requested----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . The authority. I have verbal conversations with him about all of these developments.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I sought his advice, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Loeb.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I discussed the issue with him, and I was told that I have the authority to do that under our rules, and I did it.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Cummings, but you know, you are--you're saying that Vantage report said some negative stuff. My problem is I would very much want to believe what the Vantage report is, but, you know, the report has been compromised, the report has been interfered with. I will like to have to--I have asked for an investigation if this report is objective, if this report deserves to be used, and the conclusions are correct. That is my problem.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, we have that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It was announced, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, it was.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It's absolutely untrue.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It's absolutely untrue. This is--as a matter of fact, that's the reason why I have an outside consultant to come in to run the campaign to open a----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. He has that position.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The position is open for anybody that wants to--I mean, the system of the Office of Personnel Management is that you open a position in the Federal Government for anybody to apply.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The position of managing director have always existed at different times in the--in the--in the organization.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The managing director has existed since September 2011.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. What I intended to do----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Open the position to be----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . In the----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. You have it wrong.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. You know, we run an agency, as was explained before, that has very little resources, that does have, I agree, leadership problems. We have a--a Board that is--functions without any agreement, and they are in constant conflict. All that create a situation that I believe the people and the staff feel that the leadership of the agency is not to their liking.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, 15.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. First of all, Mr. Congressman, I disagree with your premise that the core mission of the agency is not being fulfilled. As I expressed before, in the last 8 months, we have produced the eight excellent interview and reports with videos of our investigations. We have completed 22 investigations. The core mission of the agency is being made.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It's because the agency works, and the product that we have is the evidence that the agency works.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. We still have three major reports that are in the process of being finished, and I would like to bring those reports to an end in the next weeks that I have.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If I may, Congressman.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The Office of Special Counsel has been investigated--investigating the agency for 3 and a half years. They have come out with no findings. They have come out with no instances of retaliation, period.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If I may, Congressman.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The process is that the President nominates a person. What has happened is that the President nominated a person to be the Chairman. The process now has to follow by the Senate to confirm.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. But, at this time, all that we have is a name that the President has presented for consideration to the Senate.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The only thing that was different about the meeting that we have in January 28 is that I have a clear majority that was backing the position. That was the only thing that was especially different.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. That I have a majority on the position that was presented in a motion. That was the only thing that was different in the----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, the change, of course, it was significant, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. This is a process of 4 and a half years of discussion on the governance of leadership that we have.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The motion was made by Board member Ehrlich.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. If--might I say, you know, when we have a public meeting, we have to put a public description of the meeting in the Federal Register. It was in the Federal Register according with law, and it was said in the Federal Register that we were to discuss the Chairman report and we were going to discuss administrative matters and vote on administrative matters. All that is in the Federal Register.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No. There is not a custom in our agency to do that. As a matter of fact, I have experiences before in which a Board orders--I mean, proposals for voting are kind of sprung at the moment and voted immediately without providing copies to other Board members.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, all the issues that are related--that appear in the motion have been in discussion for 3 and a half years--issues of Board Order 28, as was mentioned, issues of how we are going to do the recommendations, issues of how we are going to do scoping of investigations, issues of what--what have been produced in this for all investigations so that we could basically administrative close with the problem that we have already producing them. All those things have been in continuous discussion with Mr. Griffon.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, pretty much. The Federal Register notice that we put about the meeting speaks for itself. You can read it.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes. Well, I----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, I am unclear about what the Sunshine Act requirements are to discussion about administrative matters in public meetings. I am not clear about that.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I used--I think there was a long list, more than 1-page long. I cannot tell you each one of them, but you know, there was a number of search terms that were used.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I might have. I mean, what happens is that when we use those terms we drew a blank. This is working with my chief information office at my computer. So we'll start using--let's put some other terms to see what the IG is trying to find.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The ones that you have in there, some of them, yes, I drew blanks.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Some for my Gmail, in which--for instance, when I put ``CSB''----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . It drew a blank. When I put ``Zuckerman,'' it drew a blank.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. So, you know, it was--I wanted to be responsive, you know.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Yes, it's missing. You are asking if I destroyed any document?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. The answer is no.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I guess--it wasn't required for me to put that. But, you know, I----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Well, but you are talking about a document that I don't have. How could I answer the question?    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Without having it in front of me and having time to evaluate what you're asking, I cannot----    Mr. Moure-Eraso . Probably months ago.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No, I didn't.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I'm talking about Mr. Sullivan's document. I don't have Mr. Sullivan's document.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Probably 6 months ago, yes.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No. The answer is no.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Thank you.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. So I guess you were asking about this last paragraph here?    Mr. Moure-Eraso. It says, ``The materials provided to the EPA are genuine, complete, and in full compliance with the request. I took no intentional action to destroy, delete, or remove any official CSB email communications in my possession.''    The answer to that question is that's correct. I absolutely never took intentional action to destroy, delete, or remove any official CSB communications in my possession.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I had discussions with Mr. Ehrlich about different details of the document.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Drafting itself? No.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I didn't instruct anybody.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I never----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. I never give instructions to anybody to draft that motion.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. No.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Mr. Ehrlich.    Mr. Moure-Eraso. May I respond or----    Mr. Moure-Eraso. Thank you very much.