    Mr. Lazzeri. It's Lazzeri.    Mr. Lazzeri. Good morning, Chairman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence, and members of the subcommittee, and I thank you for the invitation to testify today. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the effect of the Executive Order 13658 on outfitters and guides operating on Federal lands.    On February 12 of 2014, President Obama signed the executive order requiring certain parties that contract with the Federal Government to pay covered workers no less than $10.10 hourly wage. The order obligated the Department to issue regulations to implement its requirements. The Department, accordingly, proposed regulations implementing the executive order on June 17 of 2014 and published final regulations later that year on October 7.    As Secretary Perez said upon issuance of the final rule: No one who works full time in America should have to raise their family in poverty, and if you serve meals to our troops for a living, then you shouldn't have to go on food stamps to serve a meal to your family at home.    By raising the minimum wage for workers on Federal contracts, we're rewarding a hard day's work with fair pay. This action will also benefit taxpayers. Boosting wages lowers turnover and increases morale and will lead to higher productivity.    The Department conducted a robust outreach effort during the drafting of the rule, including conducting a variety of listening sessions with private associations and other groups. The Department has continued to provide additional outreach since issuance of the final rule, producing a number of fact sheets, frequently asked questions, webinars, and other guidance to help contractors understand and implement the rules' requirements.    The Department has worked with contracting agencies to develop additional guidance concerning application of the executive order to particular agency agreements that apply to particular stakeholders. The order itself applies to four categories of contracts, including contracts in connection with Federal lands and related to providing services for the general public. Provided that such agreements qualify as new contracts, our final rule defined a new contract as one that results from a solicitation issued on or after January 1st of this year or that is awarded outside the solicitation process on or after January 1st of this year.    So even if a contract satisfies these criteria, the order only covers individuals working on or in connection with the contract if those individuals' wages are governed by the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Service Contract Act, or the Fair Labor Standards Act. In their comments, the AOA and OARS companies sought clarification as to whether or not the order applies to special-use permits, commercial use authorizations, and outfitter and guide permits issued by the Departments of Interior and Agriculture.    In its final rule, the Department defined contracts and contract-like instruments as agreements between two or more parties, creating obligations that are enforceable or otherwise recognizable at law, including but not limited to lease agreements, licenses, or permits.    The permits addressed by AOA and OARS typically authorize the use of Federal land in exchange for the payment of fees to the Federal Government, creating obligations that enforceable or otherwise recognizable at law and, therefore, would constitute contracts under the purposes of the executive order.    The Department considered the information provided by the AOA and OARS and determined that even if their contracts with the Federal Government were outside the scope of the Service Contract Act, those contracts were covered contracts because they authorize the use of Federal land and relate to offering services to the general public.    In addition, wages of the workers on these contracts, even if not covered by the SCA, are likely covered by the Fair Labor Standards Act, and because the executive order applies only to new contracts, wage increases will not affect contractors that are midway through performance of the contract that was entered into before January 1 of this year. We have found that assertions that a contractor will be adversely affected by the E.O. Often overlook not only the benefits of the E.O. But also the fact that the E.O. Only applies to new contracts with the Federal Government, enabling contractors to prepare for any potential economic impact of the E.O.    I would like to thank you again for inviting me to testify in the payment of the $10.10 minimum wage to outfitters and guides working on Federal lands. We invite the AOA and others to provide us, as well as our counterparts at Agriculture and Interior, with additional information they believe may assist those agencies in the development of additional guidance. We will do our part to provide them with our views. We welcome and look forward to continuing the dialogue. Thank you.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you for your question, Madam Chairman. In studying the issue, the Department relied upon a number of empirical studies that focused on the impacts of productivity that increasing the minimum wage could have or increased wages. I'm prepared and very happy to provide a very complete answer in a question for the record following rather than citing individual studies, if that's okay.    Mr. Lazzeri. That's a very good question, and thank you again. When we looked at the potential economic impacts, again, we studied increases in productivity that could result from an increase in the minimum wage and the potential that an increase in the quality of the services that are provided could in turn lead to an increase in the number of customers that would bring additional revenue to a particular employer. In the Department's final rule, we did consider this information generally.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you again for the question. I believe that, you know, the Department, when we considered the information that was presented to us, and as in any rule of general applicability, we look at the impacts of a particular rule pursuant to the Executive Order 12866.    Mr. Lazzeri. We're happy to take additional information to----    Mr. Lazzeri. The answer to the question specific to that industry, we did not look at the particular impacts of the rule on any particular industry.    Mr. Lazzeri. Lazzeri.    Mr. Lazzeri. I'm happy to, Ranking Member Lawrence. Thank you for the question. We've looked at again the legislative history for the 1977 amendments and their specific mention of wilderness workers and why they were pulled out of the exemption, and it was based on just a simple premise that for work that's performed on Federal land, should be covered by Federal laws and standards.    Mr. Lazzeri. I'd be happy to. Thank you. When we looked at the requirements of the executive order and the categories of covered contracts in the executive order, there were four. There were contracts that were covered by the Davis-Bacon Act, by the Service Contract Act, concession contracts that have previously not been covered by the Service Contract Act, and then also a fourth category, which is the category which is relevant today. And it was agreements that were in connection with the use of Federal lands for the general public, and when we looked and in our notice of proposed rulemaking and also with the comments and considered the information that was provided to us, it seemed to be fairly clear that the executive order intended these particular agreements to be exempted--I'm sorry, these particular agreements to be covered by the executive order    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, thank you.    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, thank you, Congressman.    When the Department is considering the executive order and conducted its economic analysis, as I stated before, we looked very broadly at the impact of the executive order on all workers who would be impacted and all employers who would be impacted. Therefore, we don't look at the specific economic impact on one individual employer. We do recognize, however, in the executive order final rule, through our economic analysis, that any impact for the increase in cost can be offset by the increase in benefits to----    Mr. Lazzeri. And, again, I appreciate your question, Congressman. My role today----    Mr. Lazzeri. I have not.    Mr. Lazzeri. Congressman, what I--and I appreciate, again, the question. What I can say is that the executive order was very clear.    Mr. Lazzeri. Congressman, I, again, I appreciate the distinction that you're making. However, we did consider all of the information that was provided to us when we considered the final rule in connection with our economic analysis.    Mr. Lazzeri. That would be reflected in our economic analysis.    Mr. Lazzeri. It was very clear to the Department through the executive order that----    Mr. Lazzeri. That's a great question, Congressman.    We are continuing to provide additional outreach and guidance to all contractors, including contractors--including businesses that are covered in--for special-use permits, commercial use authorizations.    Mr. Lazzeri. In May of this year, we recently conducted a webinar for all contractors where we answered questions live from contractors, regardless of their background and interested stakeholders, and we'll continue to do so.    Mr. Lazzeri. The Department is enforcing the executive order on covered contracts.    Mr. Lazzeri. We'd be happy to provide it.    Mr. Lazzeri. Specifically to the National Mall, I would have to do additional research and be able to provide you a response.    Mr. Lazzeri. I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question, please, Congressman?    Mr. Lazzeri. A verbal agreement, I'd have to--I'd have to be able to research that and get back to you. I don't know that we distinguish verbal agreements from any other type of agreement.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you for the question, Congressman. When we looked at developing the notice of proposed rulemaking in the final rule, we referred back to the executive order definition. And the fourth category of covered contracts is agreements for the use of Federal land for the general public. And then, for us, when we looked at the information that was provided and even during the comment period and the information that was provided by the American Outdoors Association and OARS company, another contractor or employer, we--we didn't see that there was--we at least saw that it was very clear that these types of agreements were contemplated as being covered by the executive order explicitly.    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, the executive order in the third and fourth category of contracts covered a number of contracts that were previously not covered by the service--or by the Davis-Bacon Act or arguably by the Service Contract Act.    Mr. Lazzeri. Have I worked for a business?    Mr. Lazzeri. I have not owned my own business.    Mr. Lazzeri. I do not have that information, Congressman.    Mr. Lazzeri. For nonpublic lands?    Mr. Lazzeri. I would have to get back to you on that. For the particular instance, a lot depends on the contract and particular services that are provided in the agreement    Mr. Lazzeri. Again, respectfully, Madam Chairman, I would have to consider that again. I don't want to provide an answer for you that's not complete or accurate. I'd rather be able to consider and provide you a more complete response.    Mr. Lazzeri. So there are special-use permits, commercial-use authorizations, so permits, for example, in the Forest Service for use of other lands, so there's those types of permits; permits issued by the Fish and Wildlife Service. There's a number of different permits or lease agreements. In addition, concessions contracts that were previously not covered under the Service Contract Act are now covered.    Mr. Lazzeri. That's an excellent question.    Mr. Lazzeri. I will go back, and I will provide you a response. However, the key to coverage for the executive order is not just that it's a covered contract under the executive order, but they would have to be covered under the Fair Labor Standards Act, so if they are not--if they're an intern that's not covered by the Fair Labor Standards Act, they'll likely not be covered.    Mr. Lazzeri. I appreciate the question. My role, Madam Chairwoman, is to represent the wage and hour division particular to my specific branches in the government contracts arena. What I can do is I can take back the concerns that you have and be able to raise them with our leadership. I can commit to that.    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, the executive order, in the final rule, the Department defined new contracts as covered. The new contracts entered into after January 1 of this year. So if a permit holder had an existing permit in December of last year and they had a 2-year permit, as I believe that the AOA has specified are commonplace, then they would not be required to be in compliance with the executive order and pay the $10.10 until 2 years--until the expiration of their contract.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you, Congressman. What I can say is that we are--we do our best, for all the laws we enforce, to ensure that we enforce them consistently and fairly for all employers, and on the behalf of all employees regardless of background.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you, Congressman. We work very closely with contracting agencies to make sure that they have the right training so that way they're inserting the contract clauses appropriately----    Mr. Lazzeri. And I appreciate the question, Congressman. We treat those equally. We provide an equal amount of outreach and enforcement, not just for this particular executive order, but for all the laws we enforce. And we'll continue to do so and have made the offer to the AOA.    Mr. Lazzeri. In the comment period, Congressman, to answer your question, I appreciate it again, we received 6,500 comments, not all unique. We received about 100 unique comments opposed to the rule.    Mr. Lazzeri. No. But I can get you more specific information as far as the breakout of the numbers.    Mr. Lazzeri. During the comment period, we received only 100 comments--or I don't want to say only. We received one--because every one is valuable----    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, Congressman, we did make changes to the final rule to exempt new contracts from the coverage of the rule.    Mr. Lazzeri. Congressman, I would prefer not to respond to the particular circumstance without giving it more thought. But my understanding is that would probably not be covered by the executive order.    Mr. Lazzeri. There are a number of requirements, Congressman, not just under the executive order but the Service Contract Act that would govern contracts governed by lease agreements as well.    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, Congressman, you would likely have to comply with not just the executive order but also the Fair Labor Standards Act.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you, Congressman. We're happy to take additional information. However, we did consider these types of agreements in conjunction with the scope of the executive order, and we determined that these agreements were clearly ones that were meant to be covered by the very terms of the executive order.    Mr. Lazzeri. We considered both.    Mr. Lazzeri. I can't comment on that. I actually don't have----    Mr. Lazzeri. I can't tell you for sure----    Mr. Lazzeri. I can look back and I can respond, but I can respond in questions for the record if you prefer.    Mr. Lazzeri. I do not want to provide you with an answer that's inaccurate, Congressman. But I do appreciate the question, and I understand the importance of this issue to you. And I do want to provide you with a more complete response.    Mr. Lazzeri. I can't say for sure.    Mr. Lazzeri. I am.    Mr. Lazzeri. Well, I can talk about the testimony provided by the American Outdoors Association as an example. Providing additional compliance assistance can resolve some of the issues that have been raised that we believe may not be exactly accurate. For example, for meals and breaks, under the Fair Labor Standards Act the AOA has referred to that as a burden. But that burden, as it's described, is currently required by the Fair Labor Standards Act, but only if you take a credit as an employer against the minimum wage.    So you're already reducing the hourly pay for that hour where a meal break is being provided. That is why these employers are provided--or asked to keep logs. And for the Department, we would be happy to provide additional compliance assistance, because we think that there are ways, just based on the testimony, that we can help clarify some of the misperceptions that we believe the industry has about the rule.    Mr. Lazzeri. I appreciate that, Congressman. I would have to consult with the Department as far as what I can do. However, I'm more than happy to consult with also additional employers. In addition, members for the AOA, we're happy to respond to any questions that they have specifically to help them to be able to comply with the law.    Mr. Lazzeri. Yes. It is.    Mr. Lazzeri. Thank you for the question. We--as described in the executive order, we did a careful economic analysis, and it was our determination based on that analysis that any additional costs that would be borne by employers could be offset by additional productivity increases, reduced turnover, less absenteeism, lower supervisory costs, for example, and the Department continues to provide additional outreach and guidance and are willing to do so for the AOA and its members, to Mr. Cottingham, and to others who have additional questions about how to comply with the law and how to comply in an easier manner, so to speak.    Mr. Lazzeri. We've been working with other Federal partners like the United States Forest Service to be able to answer questions from the regulated community and from their specific stakeholders. We recognize in the rule that, you know, it is a rule of general applicability and that we do not have all of the experience that some of the contracting agencies like Bureau of Land Management, for example, would have with individual stakeholders, and we're happy to work with them to be able to help them answer additional questions.    As far as influence over the cost of the permit, I would have to defer to the contracting agency.    Mr. Lazzeri. Following the issuance of the executive order and the development of the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule and throughout our rulemaking, we do consult with additional--with other contracting agencies and receive comments through interagency comments that we receive, and we respond to those accordingly.    Mr. Lazzeri. Congressman, we did receive their input.    Mr. Lazzeri. I would have to discuss that with the Department and--however, if you request any additional information, we will respond accordingly.    Mr. Lazzeri. I appreciate the question, Congressman. When we considered the executive order and we looked at the definitions--the four categories of covered contracts, they were explicitly mentioned in the executive order.    And when we considered the information provided by stakeholders, including the American Outdoors Association and others, Forest Service and others, it was clear to us when we looked at the executive order definition that the executive order very explicitly intended to cover just these particular types of agreements.    Mr. Lazzeri. Under the fourth category of covered contract.