    Mr. Risley. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, and Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Dan Risley.    Mr. Risley. Closer to the microphone.    Mr. Risley. My name is Dan Risley, and I am the president of the Automotive Service Association, and I am here today representing our association. ASA is the largest not-for-profit trade association of its kind, dedicated to and governed by automotive service and collision repair professionals. ASA serves an international membership base and includes numerous affiliate state and chapter groups from both the collision and mechanical repair segments of the automotive service industry. Prior to ASA, I worked at a family-owned collision repair facility, served as the executive director of another automotive association, as well as spent a number of years at Allstate Insurance Company. ASA has a long history of working with insurance companies, and ensuring our customers the best possible repair experience after an accident. ASA is supportive of insured direct repair programs, provided the vehicle owner has a choice and is properly informed of it. Many of our leaders serve on direct program repair advisory boards of State and national insurance companies, including myself.    Many years ago, I participated on a top three insurance carrier's advisory panel. Although we work closely with insurers, we are mindful that our customers' vehicles are our first priority, and that these vehicles must be safely and properly repaired. We do have concerns when some insurers insist on repairs that are simply cheaper and quicker without regard to quality and safety. This is not to imply that all insurance carriers are the same. There is a difference between standard and non-standard. That is why my board of directors, made up of repair shop owners from across the U.S., wanted to meet to testify here today before you.    The automobile is the second most expensive purchase made by Americans. Although the automobile is a major part of most Americans' daily lives, few vehicle owners know much about collision repair. After an accident, other than contacting law enforcement or other emergency personnel, the vehicle owner contacts their insurance company for help and direction. Unfortunately, very few consumers have any knowledge about the types of crash parts used to repair their vehicles, and there are numerous parts choices in the marketplace, such as original equipment manufacturer parts, certified and non-certified aftermarket parts, remanufactured, and recycled. The fundamental language used in this bill would systematically validate any and all aftermarket parts to be the equivalent of an OEM part. In section 2 of the bill it states, ``So as to restore such vehicle to its appearance as originally manufactured.'' This is impossible unless, of course, there is a standard by which all the aftermarket parts companies are required to meet. We have several standard settings parts certifiers in the marketplace today, CAPA being one, and NSF being another, and it is supported and endorsed, recognized by the industry, both collision and insurers.    CAPA was created in the 1980's because there was no standard. There were no requirements, no monitoring of aftermarket parts. It was the equivalent of the wild, wild West. Having worked in a family-owned collision repair facility, I can assure you that we ordered, and I have personally installed, many parts in the early '80's when CAPA did not exist. These parts that were deemed to be OEM equivalent were later deemed to be inferior in terms of fit and function. Although an aftermarket part looks the same as an OEM, it does not mean it is the equivalent of an OEM-quality part. It does not mean that the part has the same corrosion resistance, metallurgical properties, or that it will perform the same in a subsequent accident, similar to how an OEM would perform. Certification helps to eliminate or narrow those gaps. Although parts certification is not perfect, it does positively impact parts quality. I have spent several years chairing a Committee, working with the Taiwanese aftermarket parts manufacturers as well as their government. One of the biggest challenges for the Taiwanese was the U.S. marketplace and balancing the cost versus quality. The fact is, certified parts do cost more to produce. Certification not only is important but critical to this debate.    Under the current language in H.R. 1057, providing a faster, less expensive path for aftermarket crash parts manufacturers to put non-certified parts in the marketplace will both harm both consumers and small businesses. It has been proven through many years of collision repair's trial and error that the vast majority of non-certified parts are inferior in many aspects, not only to the OEM, but also to the equivalent, certified aftermarket part. Aftermarket crash parts manufacturers will manufacture parts to achieve the lowest cost in an effort to sell the parts inexpensively to distributors in the U.S. demanding a low-cost basis. I have personally witnessed aftermarket parts, non-certified, that did not have holes where there are supposed to be holes to fasten it to the vehicle. I have personally witnessed parts that have additional holes, where there was not supposed to be any to fasten it to the vehicle. I have witnessed parts that were not of the same metallurgical thickness, parts that were significantly lighter, and prone to dent, missing brackets, missing headlamp parts, wrong color, improper reflective properties. When parts do not fit or there are other issues, collision shops have to return the parts to the distributor. These returns add cost to the collision repair process as well as delay the repair.    Whether it is legislation being discussed today or in mandates that insurers place on collision parts facilities such as where to buy parts, insurers will argue that these initiatives lower premium costs. We do not see where these parts savings are passed onto consumers. It is a good soundbite, but the consumer will continue to be the loser in this equation.    I want to leave you with a few key points. Number one, a free and open marketplace does not entail enacting a law that states aftermarket parts are equal to OEM. This should be decided by the people actually purchasing the parts. Competition is good. There is a need for alternative parts such as certified aftermarket parts, recycled, remanufactured, used. Legislating competition so that Company X and Y are equal is similar to legislating that Walmart shirts are similar to something you might see at Macy's just because it looked the same online in a picture. You may hear or have heard testimony here today about these parts being cosmetic. I can assure you, a hood is not a cosmetic part. A hood is designed to crumple. In the event that the hood should fail to crumple, the hood is going to be pushed into the windshield and into the occupants. If it does not fold like an accordion--I am going to close it up. We ask the Committee to consider the implication this legislation will have on the consumer and small business. We ask the subcommittee to oppose the PARTS Act. I appreciate the opportunity to testify before the Committee today, and thank you very much for your time.    Mr. Risley. Excuse me, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Risley. No, not at all, Mr. Chairman. Actually, I have a family medical emergency, and I have to fly home, and so if it is okay I would like to----    Mr. Risley. Thank you very much.