    Mr. Labrador. I object.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cohen, this is really an interesting issue for me. And maybe I'm going back to my law school years because I'm hearing good arguments on all sides. I have long been a defender of the 14th Amendment and birthright citizenship, but I'm hearing some issues that need to be addressed by Congress and need to be addressed in some way. So I'm seeing this as two separate questions that we need to address today.    First, is the policy of birthright citizenship the right policy for the United States?    Second--actually three questions. Second, was that policy inherent in the 14th Amendment when it was first passed?    And third, if we want--if we decide that it's not the right policy, how do we change it? Do we need an actual constitutional amendment, or can we do that through statutes?    So, as I listen to all the arguments, I heard, I think it was Dr. Eastman saying that at the time of the 14th Amendment, there was no illegal immigration in the United States. Is that correct?    Mr. Labrador. So don't you think that makes your argument a little bit invalid that the 14th Amendment actually grants birthright citizenship to the children of people that are here without documentation?    Mr. Labrador. Please.    Mr. Labrador. Let me stop you there.    Mr. Labrador. I agree with you that the Supreme Court decided the issue with regards to the children of legal permanent residents.    I agree with you, and I disagree actually with Mr. Graglia that it was incorrectly decided, or at least I believe it's the law of the land at this time. And I'm not going to make an argument about that.    But it did not decide whether the children of undocumented aliens are granted birthright citizenship. Would you at least agree with me on that?    Mr. Labrador. Me, too. I grew up in Puerto Rico, and I speak--English is my second language----    Mr. Labrador . And I speak very slowly as well.    Mr. Labrador. Right. So we know they were not eligible, but we do know that they entered legally, they obtained their legal----    Mr. Labrador. Correct. So there was no illegality about any of their actions.    Mr. Labrador. I just don't agree with that. I don't think you can analogize going through the process and not going through the process as the same thing.    Mr. Labrador. There's always a process, sir. You became a legal permanent resident by going through a process of legal--I was an immigration lawyer.    Mr. Labrador. I studied--but then----    Mr. Labrador. But they didn't become legal permanent residents by just showing up. They actually had to go to a naturalization center. They had to go through the process of legal----    Mr. Labrador. But just being in the United States was sufficient?    Mr. Labrador. Are you sure about that? I am not sure that I am.    Mr. Labrador. Okay.    Mr. Labrador. Wasn't that pursuant to a treaty with China, though?    Mr. Labrador. Yeah, but----    Mr. Labrador. Dr. Eastman, this is what I'm having a hard time with, because again, I may actually disagree with you on this issue, but I really find it interesting that we had--there was no illegal immigration when the 14th Amendment came into being. And to extrapolate from that that today it means that if you're the child of an undocumented alien, that you are then therefore an illegal--a citizen of the United States, I don't see how you can do that. Can you----    Mr. Labrador. Well, their parents were here legally.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. My time has expired.