    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Comey, thank you for being here. Thank you for your service and that of the men and women who work for you. We're all grateful for what they do.    And I just wanted to take a moment before I ask you a couple questions here to let you know that Bob Levinson, who was an agent for over 20 years, 28 years, at the Justice Department, continues to be missing. I want to thank you for what you have done. I want to thank you for the Facebook page in Farsi that you have put up. I would love a report on the effectiveness and what you have heard from that.    And I want to, more than anything else, on behalf of Bob's family, I want to thank you for never forgetting this former agent, and I am grateful for that.    Mr. Deutch. Now, I want to agree with Mr. Gowdy that if this were as easy as public safety or privacy, I think most of us, probably all of us, if we had to make the choice, we're going to opt for public safety for the very reason that Mr. Gowdy spoke of.    I have some questions. What I am confused about is this: The tool that you would need to take away the dogs, take away the vicious guard dogs, it's a tool that would disable the auto-erase. There's some confusion as to whether there's an additional tool that you are seeking that would allow you to rapidly test possible passcodes. Is there a second tool as well?    Mr. Deutch. And once they created that, would you expect them, after this case, would you expect them to preserve that or destroy it?    Mr. Deutch. So here is the issue: I think that vicious guard dog that you want to take away so you can pick the lock is one thing. But in a world where we do--I mean, it's true: there are awful people, terrorists, child predators, molesters who do everything on here. But so do so many of the rest of us, and we would like a pack of vicious guard dogs to protect our information to keep us safe, because there's a public safety part of that equation as well.    And the example of surgical procedures, the reason that that I don't think applies here is because, in that case, we know the only one doing the surgical procedure is the doctor operating on behalf of law enforcement. But when this tool is created, the fear, obviously, is that it might be used by others, that there are many who will try to get their hands on it and will then put at risk our information on our devices.    And how do you balance it? This is a really hard one for me. This isn't an either/or. I don't see it as a binary option. So how do you do that?    Mr. Deutch. If it's the case, though, that it's usable in more than one phone and that it applies beyond there, then the public safety concerns that we may have, that a lot of us have about what would happen if the bad guys got access to our phones and our children's phones, in that case, those are really valid. Aren't they?    Mr. Deutch. And, finally, Mr. Chairman, I just worry, when we talk about the precedential value, the discussion is taking place wholly within a domestic context. There are countries around the world where we know very well that the governments do their best to monitor what happens in their country and, through people's cell phones, are able to squash dissent, are able to take action to throw people in jail and to torture people.    And I think that precedential value is something else that we have to bear in mind as we engage in this really important and really difficult debate.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would start by saying this is really hard. I'm not looking to Apple to write the legislation to balance these very difficult issues between privacy and public safety. I don't expect you to do it. I expect us to grapple with it. And that's what we're trying to do here today.    And I had raised the point earlier, but it's a perfect lead-in to the questions I want to ask, that this focus on surgical procedures that we can force--that the government can force a surgical procedure to be done, sounds like it's somehow equivalent. Certainly if we can do that, then we can require that a company create a way into its phone.    Except, as I said earlier with Director Comey, that surgical procedure is going to be done by the person that the government says should do it. And there is no one from around the world who, from their remote location, is going to be able to figure out how to conduct surgery on that individual.    Yet, in this case, and this is why this is so hard for me, in this case, there are people all over America and around the world who would be trying to figure out how to utilize whatever it is that's created here, if this is where this goes, to access the phone.    And Director Comey earlier--Mr. Sewell, Director Comey said it's a three step--he believes it's a three-step process that they're asking. Can you just speak to that process?    Mr. Deutch. Right. So that's the question, and Mr. Sewell, it's a question for you, and Mr. Vance, it's a question for you. This is one where if I believed--if I understand that what's being asked of you is to create this weigh-in to this one phone, then I want you to do it. I do. And I can get past a lot of these privacy issues, if I believe that it's, once in, and then this can then be disposed of, destroyed, and that will be the end of it.    The question is, is that the case? And when you create it for this one, is it something that can be used on other phones? Director Comey, I don't think, was clear about that, so I'd ask you that question, and Mr. Vance, I'd ask you the same question.    Mr. Deutch. I don't have much time. I'm not sure that I understand what that means. I just want to know--cutting to the chase, I just want to understand, if this is created, is it something that not just could be used by you in the pursuit of justice, but by the criminal cyber terrorist, hackers, and really dangerous people who are looking to do bad things every day of the year going forward?    Mr. Deutch. Well, let me ask Mr. Sewell, then. I only have a couple seconds left.    Mr. Deutch. Well, the question is, even if that's correct, I'd like you to speak to it. Is it true that the hackers of the world, that there will be those who try to find a way to get around having to take the phone to Cupertino in order to conduct whatever operation is necessary to break in?    Mr. Deutch. So should we be concerned, Mr. Vance? I mean, look, I want to get into this phone, but shouldn't we be concerned, if that's accurate, that there's something that's being created that's transported on a hard drive that winds up on another computer, that there is at least the risk that that gets stolen and then--and suddenly, there is--that not just a bad person and these terrorists that we desperately want to get and get this information, but suddenly, all the rest of us who are trying to protect ourselves from the bad people and are trying to protect our kids from these bad people are potentially at risk, too?    Mr. Deutch. My time is up. The Chairman has been very generous.