    Mr. Doyle. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio. I am Denny Doyle, mayor of the city of Beaverton. I am also the incoming president of the Oregon League of Cities, as well as a board member of the National League of Cities. Beaverton is located just 2 short hours north of the majestic tall firs in Congressman DeFazio's Lane County. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the FEMA role in implementing the National Flood Insurance Program in Oregon and throughout the United States.    As we all know, in 2009 FEMA was sued by environmental groups in Oregon for failing to ensure that the implementation of the NFIP complies with the Endangered Species Act. In response to the ruling, FEMA consulted with the National Marine Fisheries Service, resulting in the reasonable and prudent alternatives that aims to minimize impacts to ESA-listed species.    The final draft of the RPA calls for drastic expansion of an area to be protected beyond FEMA's current jurisdiction under the NFIP. If the new protected area is imposed on communities, it will have an unprecedented negative impact on economic growth, job creation, and new development as well as redevelopment, including affordable housing throughout Oregon.    These lawsuits are occurring in a piecemeal fashion around the country. I encourage Members of Congress to be aware that if the impacts you hear about today have not yet affected your congressional district, they almost surely will in the future. I have had the opportunity to meet with representatives from both FEMA and NMFS over the past several years in both Washington, DC, and Oregon to discuss this situation, and I truly remain dismayed at the end results of ESA consultation.    During development of the RPA, FEMA repeatedly stated their concerns with the ``major legal and practical issues concerning the RPA,'' and that the ``RPA provides little flexibility in how to achieve `no adverse effect.' '' Therefore, FEMA concluded that they were unsure how the RPA could be made ``fully implementable within FEMA's legal authorities.'' Yet here we are, with an RPA that FEMA and our local governments must implement.    We all agree that the protection of threatened and endangered species is a high priority. However, Beaverton is an urban community, one with very little undeveloped land left. In or next door to our community are major corporations such as Nike's world headquarters, Intel, Columbia Sportswear, to name just a few. Given the preponderance of many small streams that may contain threatened or endangered species, such stringent control of development in an arbitrarily enlarged flood area as proposed by the RPA could deter development for much of our community.    Without development or redevelopment by our business community, we cannot create new jobs or continue to improve our little part of the world. For example, a restaurant in Beaverton with a long history of shallow-flood damage--i.e., water in a parking lot--has recently been demolished and reconstructed. This pre-flood insurance rate map building has been rebuilt with a finished floor 2 feet higher than the base flood elevation. In other words, they lifted the ground 10 feet. This is smart, flood-resistant development. However, such a beneficial project could effectively be precluded in some way by the new RPA.    In another example, a previously developed area located within the RPA-expanded flood zone could not be redeveloped into affordable housing because of the additional costs. Significant employers and exporters will also likely be adversely impacted. In general, any development plans within the affected areas would require costly and time-consuming consultations with NMFS and FEMA, if they were allowed at all, and if they were affordable at all.    Finally, on a personal note, I am working hard to create an arts and culture center in downtown Beaverton, adjacent to Beaverton Creek. Twenty-plus years. Even though at this time ESA-listed species do not exist in the creek, the RPA will likely force us to implement significant RPA measures when developing and constructing the arts center. This is going to be built at no cost to the local taxpayers; it is a $45 million project. All of this comes at a cost, a significant one when just raising the funding to develop the arts center itself is a challenge on its own terms.    It should also be mentioned that we remain frustrated about the lack of opportunity to provide comments on the RPA--and thank you for this opportunity. The Congress should know that the iterations of the RPA for Oregon were developed in an apparent vacuum, one that does not respect nor serve the local communities that must ultimately comply with its mandates.    Simply put, the RPA developed by NMFS is unworkable in Oregon and for FEMA. It demands action that is unreasonable and potentially unenforceable by FEMA, all at little identifiable value to the species they aim to protect.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify before you today. I am happy to answer questions later. And good luck to all of us that appropriate in November.    Mr. Doyle. You know, I really don't know if that is the fact. Certainly what was ruled was not what we were looking to see happen. So I guess the answer would be a presumptive no.