    Mr. Gohmert. I appreciate my friend from Louisiana pointing out the grandstanding. That is kind of what I felt about the sit-in that occurred on the House floor and my friends across the aisle refusing to recognize that radical Islam is at war with us, and instead they talked about guns. I am looking forward to the grandstanding about pressure cookers and the need to make them illegal.    But this hearing is about whether or not, Mr. Koskinen, you committed such acts as should cause you to be removed from office. And it has already been mentioned that you had testified that you were made aware of problems associated with Ms. Lerner's emails the same month that Ms. Duvall discovered the gap and that you had withheld that information, didn't disclose it for 4 months, until June 13 of 2014, and that during that time, you had testified before Congress four times.    So I want to ask you, during those four times you testified after you learned about the problems with Ms. Lerner's emails, did it cross your mind at all that perhaps you should disclose that, that there were problems with Ms. Lerner's emails?    Mr. Gohmert. So is it your opinion that once you have testified before Congress, if you learn information that makes your prior statements not completely true, that you have no obligation to come forward, send a letter, send an email, send a message that you have now learned things, or in your opinion, should you just wait until you are asked, and if you are not ever asked, you have no need to disclose? Which is your opinion?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, you----    Mr. Gohmert. When you found out there were problems--did you know Lois Lerner used a BlackBerry, that she had a handheld device?    Mr. Gohmert. Did it cross your mind that she may have had a portable device that was used to send and receive email?    Mr. Gohmert. You knew there were requests for Lois Lerner's emails and it never crossed your mind she might have them on a personal device that she carried? That never crossed your mind? Did it cross your mind that there was this facility in Martinsburg, West Virginia, where storage was kept? Did that cross your mind?    Mr. Gohmert. Mr. Koskinen, when you are asked under oath about the existence of emails, there really is an obligation to learn about the emails and where they are and where they exist.    Let me just read for you--I hope you are familiar with the Internal Revenue Manual. You are, hopefully?    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. Well, this was added January 23, 2014, 25.1.1.2. ``Fraud is deception by misrepresentation of material facts or silence when good faith requires expression.''    And I would submit to you, Mr. Koskinen, you have had ample opportunities over the last 2 years to disclose things or maybe to make inquiry, but it certainly appears you have what might be called willful ignorance so you don't have to come up here and testify about what actually happened.    It is hard to believe that you never made any inquiry about potential places that Ms. Lerner's controversial emails that may have been lost, may not have been lost, where they might be found. It shocks my conscience that the head of the IRS would not think to ask any questions other than, can anybody find her emails? You require so much more from taxpayers.    And then we give you 290 million more dollars, and what happens? You start closing local tax assistance offices for taxpayers, like in Longview, Texas, and the excuse is, well, we got our budget cut. Yeah. This year you got $290 million more; 2 months later you are closing offices to hurt taxpayers. It looks like there is a problem with the management at the IRS.    And I see my time has expired, so I yield back.