    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You are very generous. And to the other members, thank you for your consideration. Chief, thank you. We have had many conversations. We appreciate what you do. I recognize you have got a tough job, but I hope that we can, through this conversation and through these hearings, come to a meeting of the minds on some issues that are incredibly important to me and to my district.    I represent the 2nd District in Utah. Nearly 80 percent of my district is Federal land, 4 million acres of Forest Service lands. To say that tension is simmering in my district would be a gracious understatement, as I know you know. Some of the things that have made those tensions rise are things that I think we could have avoided and should have avoided. They deal with three things, and I want to talk about them very quickly. The first one would really be just kind of yes/no, and that is this issue with the labor rule and overtime for outfitters and guides. The second, more deeply felt, are the grazing and the water rights.    So let me ask specifically the first one, and that is, and I know you know the background on this, so I will just be very quick. Do you agree that the intention of Congress on that was very clear and that the Forest Service would not proceed with implementation of the labor rule?    Mr. Stewart. Okay. And I appreciate you saying that for you it is clear, that we agree on that, and I think that we do agree. Hopefully we can get others to recognize that as well.    The more prickly issues, and I will not be the first one who talks about this I am sure. But I could give you examples of people sitting in this room who are here today who have had firsthand experiences. For example: a family operation that had been accused by really a very aggressive environmental group of over-grazing. They voluntarily gave up half of their allotment. They requested a hearing with the Forest Service. They were given 15 minutes to present their case. The Forest Service then spent an hour and a half behind closed doors with this environmental group and left them in a very, very precarious situation. This is not a huge corporate farm. This is a family farm, as I grew up, ranching.    Help me understand what I can go back and tell my constituents to assure them that the Forest Service is not out and tipping the scales in favor of radical environmental groups against family farms and ranches.    Mr. Stewart. And, Chief, I have to say, not you perhaps individually, but your organization does need to do a better job at that because there is a very broad perception that the scales are tilted against them. And, again, if you want to come talk to people who are very, very angry right now, come to my district. We have got to find a way to defuse that. We have already seen the outcome of that, and it is not going to get better as long as they feel like the Federal government has a boot on the throat of these family ranches.    Mr. Stewart. We appreciate that, and you are right, the governor has been active. We actually held hearings down there about a month ago through Chairman Bishop and the Resources Committee, and those things make a difference. It gives the people that are impacted by this the feeling that at least they are being heard and that they are not being ignored, and they are not given 15 minutes, and then an environmental group is given an hour and a half, again, behind closed doors.    The third thing if I could, and I do not see a clock. I am not sure how much time we have.    Mr. Stewart. I will go quickly. The same perception not only about grazing rights, but about water rights as well, and individuals being told that in order to renew their grazing, they have got to give up some of their water allocations. And my heavens, you do that in the West, and that is like giving up your lifeblood. You cannot survive without those water allocations.    I know some individuals, some sitting here in this room, tell me firsthand knowledge of them being told we will reallocate your grazing, but you have got to work with us on your water rights. Please tell me that that is not a policy that the Forest Service would defend.    Mr. Stewart. Well, Chief, thank you. And, Chairman, again, thank you for letting me kind of jump ahead of the line. And I will just conclude by saying I grew up ranching, and this is not like most other jobs in the country. There is a deep, deep culture that means more. This is not just a job. And if we do not make some progress in helping these folks feel like they are not being ignored and, in fact, being abused by the Federal government, then we are going to have situations out there that just become worse. So thank you for working with us on those, Chief.    Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Madam Secretary, it is good to see you. We appreciate you taking the time.    I think it is clear that you and I might see the world differently in many important respects, but I appreciate your sincerity. I think in many ways you have a difficult job. But I would like to express some frustration to you if I could, and it is not directed at you. I am expressing this frustration to you on behalf of the people that I represent back home.    And if I could, I would like to tell you about some of those people. I would like to tell you that I know a coal miner back in a very rural, very poor district. There are two coal mines in Utah, well, in my district, very high-quality coal, clean coal. And we have been working as hard as we can for years now to keep those coal mines open. It looks like we will fail in one instance and maybe in both of them. And I do not want to say to this miner and his family because nearly a third of the jobs in this county will be lost if that coal mine closes.    I know a teacher in my district, and I come from a family of educators. And one county has actually had to declare an education emergency. Now, I did not know there was such a thing, but apparently there is, because they have lost over the course of a few years two-thirds of their students. And now they are looking at busing the remaining students well over an hour to go to high school.    The reason they have lost these students is because families have left the county because there are no jobs. There used to be jobs in mining, in ranching, in forestry, and in timber, and there just simply is not any longer.    I know a rancher in my district, and he came to me. This is a humble man. He is not a radical. He is not one of those who are joining with some of these other organizations, and he has tears in his eyes, and he shows me a letter he gets from BLM that they are cutting his grazing rights in half. And the thing that I see in him is fear, and it is not only fear about his family and their future. It is a genuine fear of the Federal government. And I do not know what to say to him in those circumstances.    One more if I could, and then I will ask a question. I know a business owner who used to have a thriving business. Now, they were not, you know, making millions, but he was supporting his family. But in that area they transitioned to an economy based on tourism, so instead of being open 12 months a year, he is open 3 and a half months a year. And he is struggling for the other 8 and a half months to find ways to feed his family.    Now, that is the impact of Federal decisions on families and on people. And when you have to deal with them, as I know you do, and as the rest of us around this table do on a very regular basis, there are many times when I simply do not know what to say to them.    Now, in this instance a lot of that was because of a Federal decision to create a monument. And by the way, when the President at the time, Bill Clinton, created that monument, nearly 2 million acres, he did not come to Utah to do it. He stood on the Arizona side and pointed to Utah, and said I am creating a monument over there because he honestly did not have the courage to come face the people that were going to be most impacted by it.    There are many of us in Utah and particularly my district who are scared to death the Administration is considering of another national monument in Utah in my district. Are you working on a monument proposal in Utah? I will just ask that question first and get your response, and then follow up if I could.    Mr. Stewart. But if I could just clarify. In my instance, it really was about a Federal decision. These were not taking place because of market conditions in any of them. They were all a result of a single Federal decision, in this case creating a monument.    Mr. Stewart. And I understand what you are saying. There are other things at play, but just to clarify my set up----    Mr. Stewart . I am talking about the Grand Staircase and the fear of another repeat of that.this week on Monday. I had met with them previously I think in June or July about the public lands initiative they have been working hard on. I know there have been a tremendous number of community meetings they have held with a variety of stakeholders. I think there were pretty high hopes that that effort would result in a successful, balanced approach. There is a group called the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition, I believe. They have met with me. I sent them over to Congressman Bishop to meet with him to talk about the public lands initiative, which they did.    Since the early language has come out on that document, there is a tremendous amount of frustration about the language largely dealing with what they call wilderness has a number of exceptions that are not consistent with typical wilderness designations. In that context, yes, the Bears Ears Coalition has come in. They have advocated for a monument. This is not a secret. It is something that we have suggested they come and talk to the delegation about.    There have been a number of people that have come in since the public lands initiative was ruled out saying what we negotiated hard for in these thousands of meetings, we do not feel was honored in the language that came out. And you do have in that region some pretty incredible assets that do warrant protection.    As I said to Congress Members Bishop and Chaffetz, we have not done any monument designations without engaging with local communities. We would certainly do that should there be any efforts to move forward in that region. But I think, I would hope, both of us would agree that Utah, in specific the Cedar Mesa area, is spectacular with clear antiquities that warrant protection. We would welcome your support and engagement in looking at what appropriate protections for those landscapes would be.    Mr. Stewart. Well, thank you, and I would respond I guess with maybe three points quickly, and then I want to ask one more very quick question.    You know, the key players on the PLI, Congressman Bishop's initiative, are still involved with that. They are still hopeful that they come to a local solution. The second thing I would ask is that you dive into some of those organizations that pretend to represent local interests because the vast majority of them are not local individuals. And, in fact, including the local tribes have expressed dismay that they may go forward, and dismay that those who are pretending to represent them, and I am talking about the tribal entities, these individuals claim to represent their interests when they do not.    Then if I could very quickly, so that is on the eastern side of the State. Are you looking at creating a monument in my district on the western side of the State?    Mr. Stewart. No, it is not. We are on the other side. We are more towards the Zions National Park, the Bryce National Park, in that area, kind of on the central and eastern side of the State.    Mr. Stewart. Well, thank you for that. I guess I will count my blessings and knock on wood. And I would conclude just saying we love this land. I mean, that is the reason I live in Utah. I was writing books. I could have lived anywhere in the world. I chose to live in Utah because we love this land. We want to work with you to protect it, but we just beg you, you know, to use those of us who live there and love it as a resource as we try to find some ways to do both.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Stewart. I do not know what that means actually.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and, Director, thank you for many years of service I think the relationship that we have developed, we have had opportunities to work together on some things, and I thank you for that.    As we discussed yesterday, I think the prairie dog in southern Utah is a good example of some collaborative efforts, although we have had some hiccups along the way as a result of the lawsuit. We still expect to be able to work with you regardless of how that lawsuit may turn out on appeal. And as we discussed yesterday as well, we look forward to working with you on some of these issues in Washington County with the Resource Management Plan. We met with Mr. Ashe after our meeting, and I believe there is a pathway for us to have some success in addressing concerns of the local officials there as well.    So having said that, I am going to kind of shotgun this if we could because there are so many issues that we would like to discuss with you, and I will address them very quickly maybe, but some of them in a little more detail.    I appreciate you bringing up the horses and the burros which is, you know, an enormous concern in my district. And if you care about horses, you cannot look at these herds and feel good about the outcome for these animals. If you care about the range, you cannot look at this and feel good about the outcome-unhealthy herds and some of these horses are starving to death as you know, and it is destroying much of the range. So we appreciate your concern there, and I know you are sincere in that.    Now, I have a bill, it is several years old now, appropriately called the WHOA bill, Wild Horse Oversight Act, which deals with allowing some of the States to accept some control over these animals, maybe even transferring control of these animals to the States. States manage our deer populations. They manage elk. They manage turkey, you know. Why is the Federal government only and exclusively responsible for managing these wild horses and burros?    Would you support that act? And I know you do not have it before you, but I mean just in general principle, would you support the idea of the States having more control over these animals?    Mr. Stewart. And heaven knows these are not endangered, no.    Mr. Stewart. Yeah.    Mr. Stewart. Yeah, but in general principle it is not something you would oppose.    Mr. Stewart. Okay. Switching subjects quickly if I could, and that is, and I am going to repeat myself from yesterday a little bit, although I will do it more briefly. And I am not doing this because I do not have something to say. I am doing this because what I said is what I really believe.    And that is, you know, if you go to my district, as you and I have talked about many times, we talk to miners who are losing their jobs. We talk to teachers who are losing their jobs because their schools are dying, and the reason their schools are dying is because the families are leaving. It is not like people suddenly quit having kids. They are still having children, but the families are leaving because timber, mining, ranching, all of these, you know, these lifestyles, not just jobs, but actual lifestyles just do not exist any longer.    You talk to ranchers I have to elaborate on this just a little bit because I always remember this, meeting with a rancher. He is an older gentleman, you know, a humble man with a humble family. Shows us this piece of paper, as Mr. Simpson, I am losing 50 percent of my BLM grazing permits, and he is scared to death of the Federal government. You know, he is not a rebel. He is not going to go out and join some militia. But he is scared of the Federal government and does not know how to respond to that.    And finally a businessman who had a thriving business, and now their economy transitioned over to a tourist industry economy or tourist based. And now his business is only open 3 and half months a year. All of that, and this is the key, all of that because of one Federal decision to create a monument, and those are the impacts because of that. So, you know, as we have discussed, we are fearful of another monument being created in Utah without the input of those people who will be most affected by it.    I wonder if you would respond to that, if you could, your intentions on monuments in Utah. We know what Ms. Jewell said yesterday. I would be interested in what you think.    Mr. Stewart. And I appreciate that because that really is a key to this, having that, you know, local input. And it concerns me a little bit when we see outside groups who come in and claim to be local groups when they are not. And we have seen that with some of the tribal interests in this case as well as others.    And I will not describe to you why I am asking this question. It would take a little bit too long, so I will just ask the question and let you respond to it. And that is, we have heard some, I do not want to say rumors, but some thought among some of how this potential monument would be managed. And my question to you is, would it be lawful to transfer management of a monument to an entity outside of the BLM, or would the BLM always have to claim management for that monument?    Mr. Stewart. I tell you what. Maybe I will follow up with you individually. But can we agree on this, that if the BLM were to designate or the Federal government were to designate a monument, the default position would be that BLM or some other government entity, Federal government entity, would manage that monument?    Mr. Stewart. Otherwise, okay. Would you support in theory a situation where someone might, other than the Federal government, manage that monument?    Mr. Stewart. Okay, all right. We do not have a clock, Mr. Chairman. I am sorry. I will hit one very quickly, and then, Neil, ask you to respond, and that is we talked about this yesterday as well. We have this one mine who did a very good job in restoration and, you know, mitigating some of the impacts. And as a result of that, the Sage-grouse moved into an area where they did not exist before. And now because of the presence of Sage-grouse and because they did the responsible thing with restoration, you know, they are probably going to be shut down because Sage-grouse now exists. It is as we said, the most southern lek that we know.    What do I say to those guys? I mean, the perverse incentive there is ironic beyond my ability to say, well, congratulations you did a great job, and now you are going to reap the benefits of that. Help me understand what I should say to those folks.    Mr. Stewart. Yeah. Yeah.    Mr. Stewart. And by the way as we discussed, we think we are okay on that. We think they would fit within the criteria of the emergency exception, which is good. But now we come to the second one.    Mr. Stewart. And I appreciate what you are saying. I would just say in conclusion that this probably is not the only example or potential example where someone looks at this going, if we restore, if we create habitat, if we help to protect the species, well, there may be a negative outcome for us in doing that. And if that is the case, I hope we could consider that. So thank you.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.