    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Werkheiser, for being here today.    In reviewing some of the facts of this case, do you believe that the chemist most directly involved with the data manipulation was qualified for the job?    Mr. Labrador. It appeared that other employees of the inorganic chemistry lab were aware that the chemist in question did not even have sufficient database experience to do his job. They described his Microsoft Excel knowledge as rudimentary, i.e., freshman college level. The SIRP report team called this incomprehensible that this chemist in question was hired to work within this facility without possessing adequate data processing skills.    This man was a 30-year employee of the USGS working with expensive equipment, handling projects with a value in excess of $100 million. How did he maintain his employment?    Mr. Labrador. I am trying to understand, because you, Mr. Werkheiser, you are one of the best witnesses that I have ever seen in Congress. I really want to praise you for taking responsibility. You seem to really care about your job, so I am trying to understand how this happened. With somebody that really cares about what they are doing, you have so much pride in the work that you do, how did this happen? Have you thought about that?    Mr. Labrador. I am concerned by this and think everyone should be concerned, as you are. Here we have employees of what has already been described as the gold standard of scientific institutions, and they do not have the basic knowledge necessary to enter data into a computer. How do we know this is not happening in other labs in Denver or in every other Federal lab in the country?    Mr. Labrador. Can you give us some reason to continue to have faith in the research produced by the USGS?    Mr. Labrador. Does the energy resources program at Lakewood facility have a fully functional quality management system in place?    Mr. Labrador. How is it possible that it has taken this long to still not have a quality management system?    Mr. Labrador. OK. Like I said, I have really enjoyed you as a witness, and I want to believe you. But the fact that we do not have the system in place is very concerning to all of us.