    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. When I was elected 28 years ago, I think most people considered me Pakistan's best friend in the House of Representatives. And let me just say that over the years, I have been deeply disappointed that those people who I considered to be my friends were betraying the trust of the United States and were committing acts that were only the acts that an enemy would commit, even though we continued to have a facade of friendship.    We have given $30 billion--$30 billion--since 9/11, to Pakistan. Yet we realize that since 9/11 that there is ample evidence that Pakistan is still deeply involved with various terrorist networks, including supporting the Taliban in Afghanistan, and radicals who kill Americans. Frankly, our relationship with Pakistan has been a disgrace. We have a government that gave safe haven to Osama bin Laden, the murderer of 3,000 Americans--3,000 Americans slaughtered in front of us. I don't think anybody believes that the high level people in the Pakistan Government didn't know about that. They continue to hold Dr. Afridi, just to rub it in our face. That is the type of relationship they have with us. And to their own people, they are slaughtering people in the Balochistan and the Sindhis and others who are being brutally oppressed by a clique in their government, so it is not all Pakistan, but the clique that runs that country is treating us like suckers. And they should because we are. We are acting foolish, very foolish. Giving people money who have continually involved themselves in activity that is harmful to the United States of America is not going to win their friendship.    So, Mr. Chairman, I hope that we face facts, and if the Pakistani Government wants to be our friend, they can be our friend. But they have not been, and they need to change that if we are to continue on the relationship that we have. I would like to at this point to submit for the record a number of articles showing that, again, Pakistan continues to support various terrorist operations as well as their relationship with China, at the expense of their own people, the Baloch in particular, and I submit that for the record at this point.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you.    Well, Mr. Ambassador, you have a mighty tough job. We have to respect you for that, and thank you for trying to do your best.    Unfortunately, what I am about to say does not reflect on your commitment, but on the feasibility of you succeeding in what you are trying to do. The fact is that Pakistan has from its very beginning been plagued with corruption and oppression by its own government. The brutality and corruption in Pakistan was so bad that early on, in 1971, the people of Bangladesh couldn't take it anymore. And their uprising was, of course, answered not by trying to reform their government but instead by brutal suppression, which led to the independence of Bangladesh.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know, Mr. Ambassador, I am going to have to tell you that this is about the third time over the last 25 years that I have heard this. It is always, ``They are now moving forward with the anticorruption drive.'' I will just--I won't count on it, but if it happens, I will be very happy about that, and the American people will rejoice with the people of Pakistan that the crooks finally got displaced up in Islamabad.    The ISI has been--and the judge made this point, and I think that your answer suggests what is really going on--the ISI is still engaged in terrorism as a strategy for what they believe is going to defend their country or give their country leverage. And we saw that in attacks on India, and attacks and the efforts, of course, supporting the Taliban, et cetera. Until that changes, until the people of Balochistan, for example, don't have to suffer, where people are being grabbed and their bodies are dumped in large numbers, this is a travesty. And for the United States to provide weapons to a government like Islamabad which then is used against them. But even worse, Pakistan and these people who run that country, their approach to the United States--the judge was right--if we were thwarted in trying to bring to justice Osama bin Laden, it would have been because the Pakistanis were using American jets to shoot our people down. We calculated on that. That was not out of the realm of possibility, and the fact that that is the reality of it, and we end up giving them billions of dollars of military equipment, no wonder they don't respect us.    And one last thing, Dr. Afridi--we know now Osama bin Laden was given safe haven in that country. The man who slaughtered 3,000 Americans was given safe haven. The one guy that helped us to make sure we could bring back that monster to justice is now lingering in a dungeon in Pakistan. This is their answer to us. That is a message to the people of the United States. They are thumbing their nose at us and taking our money, and they are saying: Here is the guy, yeah, we will tell those Americans; the guy helped bring Osama bin Laden to justice, we are just going to throw him in that dungeon. And that is the message to the American people.    It is time for us to quit taking that and stand up for truth, and if we do--and justice--we will be siding with the Pakistani people and not their corrupt, brutal government.