    Ms. Howard. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for having me here today. I'm Mary Howard, and I'm the Director of IRS' privacy, governmental liaison, and disclosure operations. I'm here today to testify on the IRS' policies and procedures regarding complying with requests for information under the Freedom of Information Act.    Each year, the IRS processes thousands of FOIA requests, most of which require labor-intensive searches of both paper and electronic records. Despite this volume and complexity, the IRS closes more than 80 percent of its FOIA cases in 30 business days or less. In fact, our average cycle time generally hovers right around 21 days.    The IRS follows a standard procedure for handling each FOIA request it receives. This involves analyzing the request to determine whether it can be processed under FOIA, determining the scope of the request and searching for responsive records, reviewing material to decide what should be released or withheld, and sending a response to the requester.    Over the last several years, our FOIA operation has faced a number of challenges. For example, the size of an average FOIA request and the volume of potentially responsive documents have mushroomed as more and more requests require searching email and other electronic documents. Broad requests can easily result in the IRS needing to collect and redact thousands of documents in response to a single requester.    Another challenge involves personnel. We have managed to protect the overall staffing of the FOIA process in IRS, experiencing only a slight decline over the last few fiscal years despite financial constraints and related hiring freezes, but a high turnover rate has created some difficulties. Replacing our FOIA specialists involves not only hiring new workers but also training them to bring them up to the expert level required to handle complex FOIA requests. The cuts to our budget have had a negative impact on the timing of replacement hiring and the delivery of the training.    The net result has been a gradual loss of expertise in the FOIA area at IRS over the past several years. The problem is expected to get worse. We estimate that more than 60 percent of our FOIA professionals will be eligible to retire over the next 5 years.    Another critical aspect of the IRS' ability to adequately respond to FOIA requests involves the management of official records. Here, too, the IRS faces significant challenges. This is largely because we don't have systems that let us easily search and retrieve electronic records and emails unless they're part of the taxpayers' case records. We are also unable to categorize, label, and centrally store electronic records, including email. And I hope you'll ask me some questions so I can give you some more insight into that.    Without this capability, we must conduct an account-by-account search for documents to comply with a FOIA request. This is an extremely tedious and time-consuming process, and that's before we get to the actual review for the exemptions. Additional funding would allow us to upgrade our infrastructure platforms and acquire more effective search capabilities. We could then respond to large document requests far more quickly than we're able to now.    So let me turn now to the events of 2013. Beginning that summer, the IRS was faced with an unprecedented number of FOIA requests related to the processing of applications for the 501(c)(4) status. In all, there were 154 requests, and that might not sound like a lot, but they were very voluminous and complex in nature. At the same time, four congressional committees, the Treasury inspector general, and the Department of Justice were all requesting large amounts of documents from IRS on the same issues.    The IRS created a special team to review and produce documents responsive to the six official investigations. This team redacted the documents required by 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code to ensure that Federal tax information was protected appropriately. Because of its experience on conducting reviews and producing documents for litigation, the IRS Office of Chief Counsel performed the 6103 reviews and the document production. That was required for all the requested documents except those going to the tax-writing committees.    While Counsel was conducting this effort, disclosure staff was addressing and responding to their regular FOIA casework that flows in at a rate of 10- to 12,000 cases per year. The IRS determined that responding to the investigations would take precedence over responding to the requests for information under FOIA. And the IRS has produced to Congress more than 1 million pages of documents for those investigations.    Given that all FOIA documents need that 6103 review, we waited until we had fulfilled the request of the investigators until we went forward. Of the 154 cases I mentioned, FOIA cases, 34 remain pending with the disclosure office.    We regret that the process has taken this long, but, given the extraordinary circumstances, we really felt there was no other way that we could respond appropriately to Congress and the investigators. The IRS remains committed to FOIA as we work through these challenges.    So this concludes my statement, and I look forward to responding to your questions.    Ms. Howard. To the extent that I've been involved in responses to Congress or responses to FOIA, we have never shared information with the White House. I became aware of this memo when we were asked for some information actually to demonstrate how many times we had this interaction. It was a FOIA request. I was curious as to why we were getting a FOIA request since we don't have interaction with the White House on FOIAs, and I was presented with this memo.    Ms. Howard. I can't speak for the entire IRS. I mean, that would be a question for Chief Counsel or the Commissioner. I can simply speak for the Disclosure Office and the FOIA process. We do not interact with the White House.    Ms. Howard. The fact that it exists? Yeah, we may share the information that we got the subpoena, we may share the fact that we're working on a subpoena, but the actual documents that were being produced for the subpoena?    Ms. Howard. We would produce those documents and redact them for 6103. Again, that might involve Chief Counsel----    Ms. Howard. What percentage do I share with the White House----    Ms. Howard. --would be zero.    Ms. Howard. To the best of my knowledge, the Disclosure Office does not consult the White House.    Ms. Howard. Well, you know, I'm kind of towards the end of my career, so I'll be real honest with you. I saw this memo. I was amazed to see the memo. It's written to agency counsel, which is not me. I looked through the procedures that we have in our Internal Revenue Manual, which are basically how we run our operations with FOIA and I never saw this. I never saw any evidence that this is incorporated, and I ignored it.    Ms. Howard. In most instances, counsel would look at something like that, the chief of staff or the Commissioner. But again that's really a question for the Commissioner in terms of what that process is like.    Ms. Howard. Uh-huh.    Ms. Howard. The 6130 redactions, as I said in my testimony, were done by Chief Counsel, the Office of Chief Counsel. We may have redacted some of those documents for--well, you don't get the FOIA----    Ms. Howard. I'm not certain because I'm not the one doing the sending. That would be----    Ms. Howard. I know Ms. Lois Lerner, yeah.    Ms. Howard. Again, sir, with all due respect, that was not a process that I was personally involved in, nor was my disclosure operation.    Ms. Howard. Which is why the Commissioner thought that perhaps he might be the best to answer your question.    Ms. Howard. No, sir. My job is the FOIA program.    Ms. Howard. Right.    Ms. Howard. That is my title.    Ms. Howard. Not in the context that you're asking me.    Ms. Howard. No, I think because it was an unprecedented, voluminous----    Ms. Howard. I think that Lois Lerner was the tip of the iceberg. Really? So do we.    Ms. Howard. I think that that request included far more than just one person.    Ms. Howard. In terms of the way the request was structured.    Ms. Howard. And, again, I cannot talk to the specific documents about Lois Lerner, but what I can give you is some insight into how we----    Ms. Howard. The Commissioner.    Ms. Howard. No. Not first.    Ms. Howard. It does not land on my desk.    Ms. Howard. No. It landed on the desk of the Commissioner and the Chief Counsel.    Ms. Howard. No, no, because we made a business decision that because of the scope of that request we would set up a special project team, and that special project team----    Ms. Howard. I think it was before his time, so I guess the Acting Commissioner.    Ms. Howard. It was before my time too. So, you know, whatever I tell you is just hearsay. But it was my understanding that the Commissioner----    Ms. Howard. Again, it was not directed towards my division.    Ms. Howard. We might be involved in it, but so are the IT people.    Ms. Howard. Well, I think because there were a lot of other 501--504(c)(3)--(c)(4) documents that were requested at the same time.    Ms. Howard. Uh-huh.    Ms. Howard. It went into sort of a project team where we felt that we could handle----    Ms. Howard. There was at the time. I don't believe it's still functioning.    Ms. Howard. Because of the volume of the----    Ms. Howard. I don't believe so, no. I think it was a business reason of how we would best use our resources. In actuality, looking back on it from my perspective, it was a very positive thing for the Disclosure Office because we could do all of our regular FOIA work, except for those particular topics.    Ms. Howard. I don't want to go on record as saying that I know specifically where requests went to. My understanding is that requests from Congress are given a certain level of respect and concern so that they go to the Commissioner's office first and are parceled out as to who's going to work them after that.    Ms. Howard. I do not.    Ms. Howard. It's not my experience that it's any practice within the IRS. I see no evidence of criminal wrongdoing or of any intent to do anything but make records available.    Ms. Howard. Outside of my area of expertise. I can only speak to the records production.    Ms. Howard. No, sir.    Ms. Howard. I'm simply saying that in my experience the way in which FOIA requests come in, they are logged into a system. The folks who work the FOIA requests have access to that system. The rest of the IRS has no need to have access to that system. So I'm not sure that it's common knowledge----    Ms. Howard. I have no direct knowledge of the audit side of the house. That's not my area of expertise or familiarity.    Ms. Howard. I have knowledge of the FOIA side of things.    Ms. Howard. I have not shared any information with anyone who would be in a position to retaliate.    Ms. Howard. What I meant was that the request for her emails was just part of the request that this committee and other investigators made for information on the (c)(4) issue.    One of things I do want to clarify----    Ms. Howard. Okay. Is that the title Governmental Liaison in my title really is not the liaison with Congress. It's liaison with State and other Federal agencies and the data exchanges that we do with them. That's where my area of responsibility is, in addition to FOIA. So a lot of the requests that would come from Congress would not automatically land on my desk.    Ms. Howard. You're talking about FOIA requests.    Ms. Howard. My understanding was that it started soon after the request came from Congress and other investigators asking for documents around this whole issue. So that would have been somewhere in the spring, early summer of 2013.    Ms. Howard. It was, because there was a recognition that most of the documents would be responsive to both Congress, the investigators, and the FOIAs, and so we centralized the process for gathering them and redacting them----    Ms. Howard. I think it was a normal response to an unusual situation. I see the IRS doing this on an ongoing basis, when we have surges of work----    Ms. Howard. It is not unusual for us to gather together resources that are going to be focused on achieving----    Ms. Howard. Yeah. And if I gave you the impression that there was a title called special team, that's probably not correct.    Ms. Howard. It was a project team put together----    Ms. Howard. My firsthand knowledge of that is none.    Ms. Howard. I can't tell you who was on it, no. I know that it was made up mostly of chief counsel, their attorneys. They pulled them offline to work on them. We took resources that were familiar with 6103.    Ms. Howard. I have no personal knowledge. You would have to ask him or the Commissioner that.    Ms. Howard. I think there were hundreds of attorneys that were part of the team, and I think that it was a production team. It was a way to amass documents and mass produce them.    Ms. Howard. Yes.    Ms. Howard. I have no personal knowledge of how that team acted, except that I know that they amassed hundreds of attorneys to go through the documents and redact them for 6103.    Ms. Howard. I think it's unlikely, but I don't know.    Ms. Howard. Except that the memo does specify documents with White House equities. I'm not sure that the documents we had----    Ms. Howard. Sir, the special project team was put together not because the responses were due to Congress, but because of the volume and the number of investigators and the scope of the documents that were needed. It was a business reason, a business process.    Ms. Howard. I believe it was Congressman Carter when he was speaking referred to the fact that he had an opportunity to go onto a search engine on his personal computer. He put in a few key words that had to do with FOIA. He pushed a button, and he got all kinds of responses. That is just not the way it works in IRS. We don't have that library of electronic documents that we can go in and search through a Google or Bing or any of the other search engines that you might have. We need the ability to actually tag those records so that we know what they are, who created them, how they were created.    Ms. Howard. We can do key word searches within accounts. So that means if you're going to look for emails, I would have to look at your account, my account, anyone's account that might be involved, account by account, and then look within each of those emails.    Ms. Howard. It involves downloading everything into some sort of massive database.    Ms. Howard. That would be a question for the IT person.    Ms. Howard. What software I use on my computer?    Ms. Howard. Well, I have a Microsoft suite of products, including Outlook Exchange.    Ms. Howard. Uh-huh.    Ms. Howard. I can my own account.    Ms. Howard. I just want to add too that once you get the documents you still have to go through line by line by line to look for 6103 redactions and then the other exemptions within FOIA. So it is not just about the IT, but certainly that's a huge thing in IRS.    Ms. Howard. I think mainly they are just an approximation of when we think the document production will be done. Certainly in the case of the (c)(4) issues or the (c)(4) cases we had just no idea of the volume of documents that would be required and how long it would actually take for the responses to Congress and the investigators to be completed.    Ms. Howard. Yes.    Ms. Howard. No, because there is no library. There is no massive----    Ms. Howard. It's folder by folder by folder by folder, account by account by account by account.    Ms. Howard. My understanding is that the capabilities of the system we have do not enable us to do that except account by account by account.    Ms. Howard. I watched most of it.    Ms. Howard. Not today, no.    Ms. Howard. I don't now. I think about that all the time.    Ms. Howard. Like many people in IRS, I am eligible to retire. And what keeps me working is the dedication of my employees and the professionalism of my colleagues at IRS.    Ms. Howard. From our standpoint, we would like advanced technology I think just to make it easier to do the searches. We would also like at IRS, we would like access to a really good FOIA system that would help us be more consistent and accurate with our redactions so that we could get more done with the same amount of people.    The other thing that my folks do in Disclosure, other than just the FOIAs, is they are responsible for doing 6103 redactions for subpoenaed information around litigation, and also for just making sure that the employees across IRS who have interaction with taxpayers know the disclosure laws and have their questions about disclosure answered as they need them on a day-to-day basis.    So we have those responsibilities too. And I think the technology would go a long way. We would like additional staff. I think that what we see is a trend in the complexity of requests. So instead of requests being for mostly taxpayers asking for their own files, we're seeing more and more of the types of requests that you had witnesses speaking about yesterday that are very expansive in their scope and nature and rely on us going to multiple custodians to find and retrieve those records and then volumes and volumes of pages.    So we need people. We need people who are trained well in the exemptions. And we need technology to help us with all of that.