    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Green.    You know, nobody wants anyone to game the system. I certainly don't. And I think that we need to crack down if people are gaming the system for sure. But I think we have to be careful not to imply that somehow Medicaid needs to be denigrated because people are gaming the system. Medicaid is something that is very, very important. It is a critical safety net. There is some hostility around here toward it, and I think that we need to point out how important it is. There are 72 million Medicaid beneficiaries. There are many Americans who face economic hardship or sudden exorbitant healthcare costs. And I want to talk about my state of New York. We have made significant strides in our efforts to reform Medicaid, both in terms of cutting costs and improving the quality of care that patients receive. Governor Cuomo, in June, announced that over the past year, Medicaid spending per person in New York fell to a 13-year low. And during the same period, the Affordable Care Act allowed more than half a million additional New Yorkers to enroll in Medicaid, which is, I think, a significant step in the effort to reduce the number of Americans who are uninsured. New York has also had success boosting program integrity through the use of corporate integrity agreements. And these agreements are extended to providers that had compliance issues, an alternative to barring the said providers from the Medicaid Program and consequently triggering service shortages to beneficiaries. Corporate integrity agreements afford these providers opportunities to improve their compliance and set up mechanisms through which their compliance can be monitored more closely.    In 2013, corporate integrity agreements allowed New York's Medicaid Program to save over $58 million. That is significant. So, Ms. Riley, I would like to ask you this, I understand that MACPAC has recommended that CMS disseminate best practices concerning program integrity so that states may replicate other states' successes. Would New York's success, as I just mentioned, using corporate integrity agreements be considered a best practice worth emulating? And, more broadly, can you speak to the value of focusing more of our efforts on sharing best practices like the example I have outlined?    Mr. Engel. Thank you. So if something works in one state, it may not work in every state, but it may work in many more states?    Mr. Engel. Thank you. My second question concerns H.R. 1771. Mr. Sarbanes referred to a little bit. It would modify the manner in which spousal income purchase through an annuity would be considered in evaluating eligibility for nursing home coverage. And let me, Ms. Riley, go to you again. I know that MACPAC has done a lot of work regarding long-term care in the U.S. Is it accurate to say that Medicaid provides the sole form of long-term care insurance in the U.S. today?    Mr. Engel. As a follow up, can you speak to the importance of protections against spousal impoverishment in states with high costs of living, like New York? Might this legislation have the unintended consequences of leaving a community spouse with very meager resources because she happens or he happens to live in a high-cost-of-living state like New York?    Mr. Engel. But something we should look into?    Mr. Engel. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.