    Mr. GREEN. Good morning. My name is Zachary Green, and I am the CEO and Founder of MN8 Foxfire. I would like to personally thank Chairman Chabot and the members of the Small Business Committee for inviting me here today.    As a young man growing up in Cincinnati, Ohio, I had three distinct dreams. I wanted to become a Marine, a firefighter, and an entrepreneur. Dedication, honor, team work, and most of all mission accomplishment were some of the life long values I garnered from my time in the Corps.    I recognized that having the opportunity to pursue the American dream is because of those who have gone before us, and we must never forget we are the land of the free only because of the brave.    Several years later and about 50 additional pounds, I fulfilled my second dream of becoming a volunteer firefighter, a rich American tradition started by one of our founding fathers, Benjamin Franklin. Being a firefighter, much like being a Marine, taught me that no obstacle is too large, no hill is too steep, and all challenges can be solved through leadership, team work, and perseverance.    After all, in the fire service we have to solve the problem at hand. We do not have the option of calling 912 after the homeowner calls 911.    The summers in Parrish Island and TwentyNine Palms were unbearable. Marine Corps officer training in Quantico was extremely challenging, as is being a firefighter running into a burning building when everybody is running out.    All these pale in comparison to the challenges I have recently encountered fulfilling my third dream, becoming an entrepreneur. I came up with the idea of MN8 Foxfire while I was sitting on the tailboard of my fire engine. As a firefighter, some of our biggest risks are accountability and disorientation, all of which are compounded exponentially in the dark.    I remember seeing a special about September 11 and how the 911 Commission report noted several times how photoluminescence materials helped people evacuate the Twin Towers before they collapsed. I thought of ways I could apply the same technology to firefighter accessories, and over the next several months I drove from fire station to fire station selling accessories out of the trunk of my car.    Sales steadily increased and my former Fire Chief, Robert Rielage, sat me down and said he believed in me and this product. He said I should not just treat this as a hobby but rather look at a way to really grow a company.    As I walked out of his office, I remembered the words of one of my favorite leaders, Teddy Roosevelt, ``At any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worse thing you can do is nothing.''    I refinanced my home, maxed out my credit cards, took nearly all my family savings to efficiently start my journey to entrepreneurship. I am proud to say that now we have more than 60,000 firefighters using our products.    Additionally, we have grown our safety line of products such as ecofriendly exit signs that never need maintenance, batteries or electricity, unlike this one behind me up here on the wall, and we have a patented product that goes on the edges of stairs to illuminate the stairwells of sports arenas, high rises, universities, all over the U.S. and abroad.    Thanks to the help of the U.S. Department of Commerce's Commercial Services Division, we have also exported this technology to more than 25 countries throughout the world, including the Civil Defense Headquarters of the United Arab Emirates.    In 2013, MN8 Foxfire was awarded the Excellence in Entrepreneurship Award, and I was named Entrepreneur of the Year by the Ohio Chamber of Commerce. I could not have been more proud but every day is a significant struggle.    One of Foxfire's biggest challenges, one many business owners share, is the access to working capital. I love my mother very much, but the words of one of my mentors could not ring more true, cash is more important than your mother.    I always thought the more Foxfire grew and the more we sold, the less I would have to worry about capital. I could not have been more wrong. When I realized that my personal investments would not be enough to finance our rapid growth, I raised capital from friends and family. With that capital, I hired more staff, I bought more inventory, but it still was not enough to keep up with our supply chain and overhead costs.    I next worked with a local venture capital advisory firm and raised additional equity funds, and those funds coupled with lines of credit from our regional lender, the Bank of Kentucky, allowed us to continue to grow.    Almost every entrepreneur I know has the same reoccurring nightmare, running out of money. Several months ago due to several unforeseen circumstances, this almost happened. We were fortunate to find a new stream of revenue through StreetShares, a peer-to-peer lender described by the press as ``Shark Tank meets eBay.''    We presented our business case with historical financials, tax returns, and a pitch describing how we would use the new funds. StreetShares is a peer-to-peer Internet based marketplace that matches borrowers and lenders by shared social affinity, such in this case, veterans lending to veterans, to drive down rates and the risk of going through a reverse auction model.    Under 36 hours, Foxfire received the money we needed, and the interest rate was in the teens. If we had gone through the same process with traditional financial institutions, it could have taken months. If we had gone to one of the small business payday type lenders, they could have charged us an outrageous     The StreetShares' loan had a reasonable APR but was just as fast. If it was not for the quick access to an online peer-to-peer loan, I fear the worse could have happened to Foxfire.    This is a perfect example of how the free market can act faster than a larger traditional institution and keep that American dream alive.    I became an U.S. Marine, I became a firefighter, and thanks to new ways to fund start-ups like peer-to-peer micro loans, I am on my way to becoming a successful entrepreneur.    Thank you again for your time today.    Mr. GREEN. I did not let my mom proofread this.    Mr. GREEN. Never miss an opportunity; right?    Mr. GREEN. Basically, through a series--we had a very generous line of credit through Bank of Kentucky, and one thing the Bank of Kentucky has been wonderful about, like Professor Iyer mentioned, they did not just look at our financials. They looked holistically at our whole entire business plan and what we had.    The problem with working with a much larger traditional financial institution, they wanted to see five consecutive years of profitability. I had only been in business three years, and very few start-ups are profitable in those early couple of years.    We were in a situation where we had to get access to capital within the next couple of weeks, and I had been seeing all this information on radio ad's and direct mailing pieces, and of course, never paying any attention to it until all of a sudden it came up as something I needed.    The reason we went with StreetShares was because they are a veteran owned company, and I think it comes down to trust. We both as borrowers have to trust the lenders and the lenders have to trust the borrowers. By having a marketplace that has veterans helping other veterans bidding on those loans, I feel it made me more comfortable to accept that loan. It has been a great access.    This is the sign that I want to see all those replaced with because you never need any batteries.    Mr. GREEN. This uses photoluminescent technology. Traditional exit signs use light bulbs and electricity and batteries. Those are all bad for the environment, they all cost a lot of money to maintain.    This uses a patented type of photoluminescent material, very similar to what was used in the World Trade Towers to help people find their way out, and as a result, we can save businesses hundreds of millions of dollars in ongoing maintenance costs and you never have to replace these.    They have literally a lifetime guarantee on them. Once you put them up, they work all the time, and in an emergency, when the power is out, that is the time you really need the exit sign with this, the photoluminescent, the glow in the dark is going to light up the whole entire area and show people how to get out safely.    Mr. GREEN. We actually did start working with the SBA for one of the loans that we ended up walking away from, and the reason was strictly it took too much time. There was just too much paperwork, there was too much red tape, there was just too many hoops to run through.    In a small business, one week in my business is like a year in a Fortune 500 business. We do not have the time to go through all that type of--for lack of a better word--red tape to get through that. If they do get involved, we would like to see them speed the process up.    Mr. GREEN. This is the entrepreneur's dilemma, you need money to buy product and to start marketing, but yet without any revenue stream, how do you get that started, what comes first, the chicken or the egg type thing. It is tough, and it is not only tough to get started, it is even tougher--someone said success is the hard part, failure is easy. It is the success to continue on and to grow.    I got nervous when I got these large deals coming in, do I have enough capital to be able to put the materials together in the early days. Now, I am confident we can do that, but early on, it is a constant challenge.    At the end of the day, you have to have--you can look at all the financials in the world, it comes down to do you believe in the entrepreneur, do you believe they have a pure heart and a good idea and they are solving a problem in an unique way, and if they are, put the risk in there and invest.    Mr. GREEN. It does. I think somebody had a really good point, they said when you are a successful entrepreneur, you need to solve a complicated problem in a very unique and eloquent way, you have to have an unfair competitive business advantage, and you also have to have really incredible marketing sales and distribution.    When you can put all three of those together, it makes it a lot easier to get not only equity based financing but also debt based financing. The challenge with debt based financing, most of the time the larger banks just only want to look at the spreadsheet and they do not look at it holistically.    Again, what Dr. Iyer shared is so true, and we saw that with our small regional lender, they looked at the why rather than just strictly the numbers we had in the past.    Mr. GREEN. I think a great idea knows no color, no religion, no background. If you have a great idea and you are able to put it out there and the market supports that and they see that, hopefully the funding will come along with that.