    Secretary Stackley. Chairman Turner, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to testify on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. I will provide brief opening remarks and submit a formal statement for the record.    One year ago, we discussed with the subcommittee the challenges facing the program at that time and our plans to address those challenges. In the course of this past year cost, schedule, and technical performance of the Joint Strike Fighter have steadily improved across each variant of the aircraft, in each phase of the program, development, production, and sustainment.    Known technical issues are being driven to closure and the aircraft's capabilities, measured in terms of flight envelope, mission systems, and weapons delivery, are being steadily expanded in support of each service's requirements for initial operating capability, or IOC.    As noted, production of F-35 aircraft and engines has improved from lot to lot in terms of unit cost, schedule performance, improved quality, reduced rework, and concurrency related costs. These positive trends are being sustained while also methodically increasing our rate of production.    The pacing activity on the program today is flight testing, which itself is being paced by the incremental release of warfighting capability and mission system software blocks, commonly referred to as Block 2B, 3i, and 3F. Block 2B testing completed in 2015 and provided the capability required to support the Marine Corps' declaration of IOC in July 2015.    The completion of Block 3i testing has been delayed pending correction of software stability issues. In the course of the next week, we commence flight testing what is planned to be the final build of Block 3i capability, designed to improve that stability, all in support of the Air Force IOC scheduled later this year.    Completion of the final block, Block 3F, poses the greatest remaining challenge to completion of system development. Block 3F includes the more complex functionality of the three software baselines, including what is referred to as sensor fusion.    Further coding and testing of Block 3F has been impacted by resource demands, software engineers, and lab facilities associated with supporting completion of earlier software builds. These factors add up to the program's estimate of 4 months schedule risk to completion of Block 3F developmental testing. This projection still supports the Navy IOC with Block 3F in 2018.    That said, we are wary that further technical issues are certain to emerge as we press on with testing, and it will be critical that the program rapidly correct these deficiencies while mitigating their impact on both test and production.    The program's commitment is to mitigate these risks going forward and to do so within the bounds of the program's budget while delivering the full capability defined by the Lightning II requirements document.    Meanwhile, the program's focus is increasingly shifting to operations in support of in-service aircraft. The program has accumulated 50,000 flight hours, and with 152 aircraft operating at 8 bases across the country, the warfighter's experience and feedback on the aircraft and support systems is beginning to shape the program's priorities.    The Marines have two full squadrons in operation today and will stand up their third this June. They are building momentum as the service and the vanguard of the F-35 effort, gaining capability and confidence and employing it tactically every day. They have demonstrated operations from an austere forward operating base at Twentynine Palms in support of the Marine Corps combined arms exercise. They are training British pilots, as well as first tour Marine Corps pilots, in Beaufort, South Carolina.    They will deploy the Nation's first operational F-35 squadron less than a year from now to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, in January 2017. Marine pilots love this plane and the capability it brings to the Marine Corps air-ground task force.    Meanwhile, delivery of Air Force F-35A aircraft at Eglin Air Force Base are completed, training for Air Force international partner pilots at Luke Air Force Base continues to ramp up, and the Air Force first operational squadron is filling out at Hill Air Force Base with seven aircraft at Hill and remaining aircraft completing modifications to support IOC.    Separately, the Navy has gained extensive experience demonstrating launch, recovery, handling, and support of the F-35C during at-sea trial periods aboard the aircraft carriers Eisenhower and Nimitz and a third sea trial scheduled for later this year.    Two key points regarding operations and sustainment require mention. First, with particular regard to aircraft reliability, maintainability, and availability, or RM&A, one year ago we reported that overall performance in this area was poor and trending poor. Concerted efforts by the government/industry team have reversed those trends. And while we have much work remaining, improvements to design, parts availability, maintenance training and support, and tooling are yielding improved performance in the key metrics. RM&A will remain a principal focus area for the program in the years ahead.    Second, the program is working closely with the services, our international partners, and industry to formulate an operating and support strategy for the program including the business plan that will accompany this strategy and an overarching O&S war on cost.    A critical element of the O&S plan is the Autonomic Logistic Information System, or ALIS. ALIS continues to mature, improving with each version fielded. In the near term, we will be testing a new version, ALIS 2.0.2, which we expect to support the Air Force IOC. Additionally, to improve turnaround time for fixing issues highlighted by fleet maintainers, we have commenced delivery of service packs aimed to be more timely and responsive to a warfighter's immediate needs.    In the long term, however, ALIS has yet to meet its full promise, and we will need to go the full distance in that regard if we are going to succeed in meeting our goals for reducing the ownership cost and increasing the operational availability for this complex aircraft, and we are committed to that end.    In summary, the F-35 program is making solid progress across the full spectrum of development, production, testing, and fielding of capability. As known issues are retired, new issues will emerge, and these too will be wrestled to closure. The program's forecast for delivery of initial operating capability for each of the services, including risk, is largely unchanged from one year ago. Yet, the size and complexity of this program and the capability it represents is such that a great amount of work remains ahead, leading to each ensuing IOC and subsequent operations and sustainment and modernization of the aircraft.    We are careful to neither minimize our assessment of the inherent risks nor to avoid them, but rather to assess them realistically and manage them aggressively. The warfighter and our international partners deserve nothing less.    Mr. Chairman, again, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the Joint Strike Fighter program. I look forward to answering your questions.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, let me just add, our operational planning for major combat operations, first and foremost, relies upon air superiority, air dominance. The F-35 is not being designed and built for the fight today, it is being designed and built for the fight in the future against the high-end threat. So we are not willing to take risk in terms of maintaining air superiority that we will need in the 2020s, 2030s, and beyond. And the capabilities that are being brought to this aircraft are what we envision today as that necessary to overcome the threat in the future.    I agree with Loren Thompson here that somebody is offering a false choice when they say we can just upgrade the existing fighters to get that level of capability. You cannot. The Navy/Marine Corps does have a mixed fleet in the future of fourth- and fifth-generation aircraft. We will continue to have a mixed fleet at least through the mid-2030s. But we cannot enter high-end fight without the fifth-generation capability that the JSF brings. That is why we are so committed to this capability.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir, very briefly. The 2B software is performing very stably and I think everybody is satisfactory with its performance. The rehosting of that software into the new what is referred to as tech refresh on the JSF, the complexity of that rehosting should not be understated. We went through that on this tech refresh. We don't anticipate as large a leap in future tech refresh. But that complexity should not be understated.    That did create a reset in terms of stability and now with each such successful build of software going back at building back up the degree of stability that we require. General Bogdan's reference to an 8 to 10 hours at this stage of the program, that probably is satisfactory. In the longer haul, Dr. Gilmore is correct, we want to get this up to a low probability of occurrence such that the pilot does not have to worry about resetting his mission systems mid-flight.    Secretary Stackley. Well, let me start with responding to that. I don't know about the four times number, but what we do know is that----    Secretary Stackley . As our aircraft age, for example the early versions of the F-18 that the F-35 Bs and Cs are going to be replacing, the A through D version, as they age, the cost of sustaining them, the cost of keeping them flying, the availability rates for those aircraft, they are, frankly, hurting us in terms of our strike fighter inventory for today.    So we have got to get this next version, generation of aircraft, not just the capability, but also to retire the legacy aircraft that are costing us today. So as that timeline extrapolates out, all the legacy aircraft could be running into similar costs associated with sustaining a fleet that is not just old, but a lot of the sustainment is dealing with obsolete parts and capabilities that fall short of what we require for the warfighter.    Secretary Stackley. Let me start. First, it clearly reflects a program that is maturing. It was mentioned earlier that back in 2010 we restructured the program and within months we are holding to that restructured program's schedule here in 2016 and our costs at the same time are coming down in terms of production while we hold the line on development.    The program is methodically increasing its production rates to today in terms of both the U.S. and our international partners and foreign military sales customers joining in that production. So the production rate is methodically increasing. And what we are seeing in terms of benefit is we are accelerating the learning curve on the production floor, it is driving down our costs. And as described earlier, we are seeing positive trends by every measure as it relates to both airframe and engine manufacturing.    The longer term, when we complete IOT&E and getting to the full-rate production decision, I think we are on track for that, again, within months, within a budget cycle. And as we march in that direction, we are looking forward to such vehicles as block buying contract and ultimately multiyear contracting to, again, further leverage the benefits of a stable design, mature production lines, and then let's buy it as efficiently as possible.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, let me jump in and say that is absolutely the case. And it is not unique to the F-35 program. We are going after a high-end capability on this and other warfare systems that are significantly more complex than the systems that they are replacing. So there is no such thing as replacing legacy, whether it is aircraft, missile systems, ships, tactical vehicles, on a one-for-one basis anywhere near the same cost of those legacy systems because these are so much more capable.    You know, the comments and perceptions from folks that are not well informed on the program, those are tough to defeat because now you are talking about an education process.    The reality is that the F-35 program, albeit it has gone through restructuring, is on a path to deliver all the capability that was promised from day one. It is going to cost more than what was estimated back in the 2002 timeframe. Those costs were rebaselined in 2010. And we have kept those under control to the extent that now we are actually reducing costs with time as the program gets more and more mature.    What you are not hearing, and I think General Bogdan touched on this earlier, is the warfighters that are flying this plane, what their perception is. My comment in the opening statement was the Marines love this aircraft, absolutely love this aircraft. This is what they plan to go to war with, if called upon. I think that you are going to hear that overtake the other rhetoric over time as more and more of our Air Force, Marine Corps, and Navy pilots, and our international partners climb into this cockpit, see what its capability is, train with it, and then deploy with it over time.