    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, Ranking Member Lowey. It is great to be here, and I appreciate the members of the subcommittee giving me time today.    I would like to just briefly discuss EPA's proposed fiscal year 2017 budget. I am joined by the agency's Deputy Chief Financial Officer David Bloom.    EPA's budget request of $8.267 billion for the 2017 fiscal year lays out a strategy to ensure some steady progress in addressing environmental issues that are crucial to public health. For 45 years, our investments to protect public health and the environment have consistently paid off many times over. We have cut air pollution by 70 percent, and we have cleaned up half of the Nation's polluted waterways. All the while, our national economy has tripled.    Effective environmental protection is a joint effort. It is a joint effort of EPA, the States, as well as our tribal partners. That is why the largest portion of our budget, $3.28 billion, or almost 40 percent, is provided directly to our State and our tribal partners.    In fiscal year 2017, we are requesting an increase of $77 million in funding for State and tribal assistance categorical grants and in support of critical State work in air and water protection, as well as continued support for our tribal partners.    This budget request also reinforces EPA's focus on community support by providing targeted funding and support for regional coordinators to help communities find and determine the best programs to address their local environmental priorities.    The budget includes $90 million in brownfields project grants to local communities. That is an increase of $10 million, which will help to return contaminated sites to productive reuse.    This budget prioritizes actions to reduce the impacts of climate change. It supports President Obama's Climate Action Plan. It includes $235 million for efforts to cut carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases through common-sense standards, guidelines, as well as voluntary programs.    The EPA's Clean Power Plan continues to be a top priority for the EPA and for our Nation's inevitable transition to a clean energy economy.    Though the Supreme Court has temporarily stayed the Clean Power Plan rule, States are not precluded from voluntarily choosing to continue implementation planning. EPA will continue to assist those States that voluntarily decide to do so.    As part of the President's 21st century clean transportation plan, the budget also proposes to establish a new mandatory fund at the EPA, providing $1.65 billion over the course of 10 years to retrofit, replace, or repower diesel equipment, and up to $300 million in fiscal year 2017 to renew and increase funding for the successful diesel emissions reduction grant program.    The budget also includes a $4.2 million increase to vehicle engine and fuel compliance programs, including critical testing capabilities.    We also have to confront the systemic challenges that threaten the country's drinking water and the infrastructure that delivers it. This budget includes a $2 billion request for the State Revolving Fund and $42 million in additional funds to provide direct technical assistance to small communities, loan financing to promote public-private collaboration, and training to increase the capacity of communities and States to plan and finance drinking water and wastewater infrastructure improvements.    The EPA requests $20 million to fund the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act program, which will provide direct financing for the construction of water and wastewater infrastructure by making loans for large, innovative projects of regional and national significance.    This budget also provides $22 million in funding to expand the technical, managerial, and financial capabilities of drinking water systems. Included is $7.1 million for Water Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center and the Center for Environmental Finance that will enable communities across the country to focus on financial planning for upcoming public infrastructure investments, to expand the work with States to identify financing opportunities for rural communities, and enhance partnership collaboration with the United States Department of Agriculture.    EPA is also seeking a $20 million increase in the Superfund remedial program, which will accelerate the pace of cleanups, supporting States, local communities, and tribes in their efforts to assess and cleanup sites and return them to productive reuse.    EPA's fiscal year 2017 budget request will let us continue to make a real and visible difference to communities and public health every day, and provide us with a foundation to revitalize the economy and improve infrastructure across the country.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question.    I would congratulate the South Coast for all the work that it has done and the work that it has done that has improved air quality tremendously. We will keep working with them, as we have in the past.    I think the challenge we have for DERA--and we have, as you indicate, offered a request for $10 million in that account. Both you and I understand how valuable that program is. One of the reasons why the President has looked for a mandatory effort to continue to fund DERA at a much more significant level is because of that. We know that this program has had great impact. We are going to continue to support it as best we can, but there is an opportunity that the President has offered to have that be done in a different way outside of EPA's budget, and we would be supporting that effort tremendously.    Ms. McCarthy. Ranking Member, as you know, EPA is committed and we are there in full force in Flint, and we are going to be there until that water is once again stabilized and it can be consumed by people with confidence.    So I cannot estimate exactly what the costs are. We know that we have already identified the need for millions of dollars of our current budget to be dedicated there. We will keep at it, and we will find a way to continue to meet our obligations there.    But as you indicate, it is a long-term strategy. That is why the Federal Government is there in full force, not just EPA. So we will be working on the water quality, but we have Health and Human Services running a Federal emergency response there that is going to look at some of those longer-term challenges.    Ms. McCarthy. There are two ways in which we are responding to this, Ranking Member.    One is, as you indicated, we are taking a look at lead exposure from water. So we are looking at our Lead and Copper Rule. But I want everybody to understand that the challenges that we faced in Flint were actually a lack of complying with the current rule. That is essential for us to make sure that everybody is implementing the current rule while we look at the next one.    In terms of lead paint, that is a significant exposure route for lead in our kids, as well as lead in soil. We are working on all of those issues.    The way that the rule works is to require that when we have homes that are of a certain age, you have to look and see whether or not, and test whether or not, you have lead paint. If you do, you have to use certain work practice standards to ensure that there is a sealing of the area where you are working on that lead paint, and that it is removed appropriately, and it does not provide a route of exposure for the family moving forward.    The challenge for that rule is that in moving that forward, it requires every State to pay attention. It requires training to be done. It requires certification.    For the most part, what we are seeing is that when you have an older home, they are going ahead and using those work practice standards, as opposed to relying on the test, because the test, as you know, continues to be a challenge for us.    So we are going to continue to move that forward, but it will take a concerted effort. Frankly, we are not moving at a pace that, certainly, all of us would be comfortable with in terms of getting lead paint out of kid's homes and getting it out of the soil, never mind the challenges we are facing in water.    Ms. McCarthy. I would be happy to do that, Ranking Member.    Ms. McCarthy. Right.    Ms. McCarthy. Congressman, thank you for talking about what went wrong and what we need to do about it. I think everybody needs to be accountable for this, including the Environmental Protection Agency, in terms of how we responded to it.    But getting to the crux of the matter, Flint was a fairly unique situation. So while we are actively, and I have written to every Governor and every primacy agency, and I have all of my regions working with the many over 68,000 systems that actually are regulated under the Lead and Copper Rule, to take a look at where they are in their process. How do we get more transparent?    If people have lost faith in government, let's put the information out, make sure they are following protocols, a map where those lead lines are. Let's really get more serious about this and more transparent. So we are working hand-in-hand with those States and those cities that continue to have challenges.    It is not an easy issue, and it is going to take a while. And we have 10 million lead lines out there, so it is a challenge just to make sure that the water is properly treated. But also, over time, getting at those lead lines is going to be essential.    So we are working also on updating the Lead and Copper Rule, making sure we are implementing but also strengthening that rule.    But we are looking at a significant challenge in terms of water infrastructure, as you noted. It is important for us not to just look at lead but at the system itself, because if you look at Flint, that was part of the challenge as well. It is twice as big as it needs to be because of disinvestment in that community. It has not been invested in in decades.    So you have a system problem that is essential to correct, which is why I think it is going to take a while before Flint is back in action. We will get the system stabilized for corrosion control. But beyond that, there is much work to be done.    Across the U.S., we took a look at this in 2011 and 2012, and we estimated that the backlog of need for drinking water up through 2030 was something on the order of $300-some-odd billion. I do not have exact figure in my head. But I think that is a low-ball estimate now. I have heard others estimating upwards of $600 billion.    Ms. McCarthy. This is for drinking water. So we have a real challenge here.    We also have technologies that were done in the 1950s and earlier. I love the 1950s, do not get me wrong. It was a good decade, as far as I am concerned. But we need to keep up that investment. And we have new, emerging concerns, like arsenic. How are we going to get those small systems, because the technology is expensive and we have to resolve this?    We have new contaminants coming in, like PFOA and PFOS, all of these chemicals that we are finding in pharmaceuticals.    We need not just an upgrade of what used to be, but we need technologies developed that can actually address the problems of today and the future.    So we have some real challenges that EPA is operating money is not going to resolve. It is very good to have $2 billion, and then to shift that to get more into drinking water, but there does have to be a larger conversation about how we keep this core need and right of people in place, as this country has for decades. We just need to take a step back and think this through.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. No, it means that we are going to continue to provide as much resources as we can, but we have different strategies to try to leverage that a little bit further. We are working very closely with USDA in our new financing center to try to figure out how we can work more directly with communities, rural communities. We have funding that is going to tribes. We have funding that is going to the Alaskan Native villages. We have funding that is also dedicated to the Mexico-U.S. border.    So we are trying to be a little bit more selective to get at the critical issues as well as more forward-leaning in terms of how we leverage those funds.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay. Just a second.    There is lead and mostly it is the service lines into the homes that we have concerns with, as well as lead in the homes. We are working with that.    You know, everybody's resources are limited. We try to work with States to make sure that we marry our resources and effectively get at these issues. We have also tried to provide some flexibility in State drinking water funds so that we can use those not just for the public portion, but also you can use those to help support that private system going in, that lead line going into the homes.    So we are doing what we can with the budget we have. But clearly, it is a larger problem that we are facing than we are able to support and take care of in a short period of time. It is going to take a long time.    Ms. McCarthy. First of all, let me try to quickly answer your questions.    At this point, I am aware that we are working directly on probably a little more than a dozen mines, in particular, working with States. We put that work on hold when Gold King Mine happened. We are still talking about how we not only make sure that incident and a release does not happen again, but we are called in to deal with issues that the States cannot.    That is what happened with Gold King Mine. Everybody was concerned about a blowout. That is why we were there.    It is challenging. And there are, as you indicate, thousands of these abandoned mines. We are working on as many as we can with the resources that we have and our expertise allows. But we are working on it carefully, and making sure that that does not happen again, and that we have notification procedures that are much better than we had when Gold King Mine happened.    But is, as you indicate, challenging.    We have already, in terms of the answer to the Navajo Nation, we have already reimbursed the Navajo Nation for their expenses, which is about $158,000. We have done the same for La Plata County, San Juan County.    We have an obligation to work with the States as well, and we are doing that.    But in addition to that, we have been working with the States and with the affected tribes to put together a long-term monitoring plan that EPA would support. We have identified $2.4 million, and we are working with States on how best to allocate that and how we can do that in a way that looks not just at the Animas River that was directly impacted, but the San Juan River that was impacted downstream as well.    So we are working through these issues, but you are pointing out a very large problem that needs a much broader solution. I think everybody acknowledges that on both sides of the aisle, that we have abandoned mines that I cannot find responsible parties for, that States do not have the resources to address, and we sort of get called in at the last minute to try to resolve these. It is certainly not an effective cleanup strategy.    Ms. McCarthy. That makes me nervous when you use the word ``target.'' Ms. McCarthy. Sir, it is an honor to be here.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, we have both done an internal investigation at EPA that has been provided publicly. The Office of Inspector General has looked at it. We looked for and received an independent investigation by the Department of the Interior. So we believe we have provided information to folks.    Just for a factual basis, EPA was there working with the State and with the Animas River group to try to figure out how to be helpful here. There is no question that the work that we did resulted in the blowout. But I do not want anyone to think that EPA was there at the time of the blowout to do anything other than to continue the preparatory work for when the lead was coming back and we are going to continue to consult with BLM and others on how best to address this issue.    It was a mistake. Have I found anyone that did not act responsibly and that should have known better? So far, the independent analysis that we are seeing has not identified negligence. But we are still continuing to look at the issue, and we would welcome anyone else doing that as well.    Having said that, we had a release there, and it was a large release. That is what we were trying to avoid. It was 3 million gallons, and we are going to make good on making sure that that did not have a long-term impact.    We do not see a short-term impact as a result of that, because, frankly, 300 million gallons of contaminated water is released into that Cement Creek and into the Animas River every single year. So 3 million sounds like a lot, but in the context we are trying to get at these things in a piecemeal way. Certainly, it was not successful in terms of the preparatory work, and it did cause this spill.    Ms. McCarthy. I really appreciate it, sir. You are absolutely right that we need to make it very clear that we are holding ourselves fully accountable for this.    I do wish that some of these abandoned mines had individuals we could hold accountable, but that is not the way the law and the process is structured.    But I thank you. You are absolutely right. We need to be clear about what we are doing and why, and be held fully accountable for this.    Ms. McCarthy. First of all, let me say that your leadership has been incredibly important, and the Puget Sound program is filled with incredibly dedicated people. I am happy that we are able to at least seek some additional support for that, which we see primarily dedicated towards riparian buffers, because as you indicate, that is a significant challenge.    But there is much work that remains. I think the region is intimately involved in understanding what we need to do to protect Puget Sound. It is going to take a variety of actions that we are engaged in and things we have not even begun to do.    So this is in no way a done deal, but frankly, the geographic programs have been a great opportunity for us to focus attention on critical estuaries and resources that otherwise would get lost competing for money. So we are perfectly happy to continue to work with the Puget Sound program to see how we could support that effort in a variety of different ways, including using our other statutory tools that are available to us.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I certainly know that there are other Federal agencies involved in the program and coordinating with us. They provide resources. For example, NOAA is certainly intimately involved in these issues, as is DOI and USDA. We align our resources as best we can.    I think that it is a good collaboration and one in which I think the Puget Sound program helps to identify, but always improvements can be made. We would certainly be open to suggestions of how we may do that.    Ms. McCarthy. I cannot recall.    Ms. McCarthy. I will take that under consideration, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCarthy. First of all, thank you, Congressman. I think you know how much I care about Long Island Sound as well. It is an incredible resource for the region, but it is an incredible ecological resource.    And it is challenged. It is challenged because so many people live around it that depend on it.    So the funding is not a reflection of the agency's lack of interest and enthusiasm for its protection. It is just budget realities in terms of how we can continue to move forward.    You are right that we are proposing a decrease in that funding, but we also are maintaining $2.8 million, almost $3 million in investment there. We are confident that the program can continue to run, but I think you are right in terms of looking at what are the opportunities for additional funding that is needed to be brought to the table to make sure that we can continue to make steady progress.    We are making some difficult choices, and I cannot apologize for that but I certainly know that EPA cannot turn around Long Island Sound and protect it without significantly more resources from the neighboring States, as well as other ways in which we can potentially leverage those funds.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. As I indicated, there are some difficult decisions. It is still proposing $250,000--I am sorry, $250 million. You know that. That would be a real dramatic change.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    We understand the value of the Great Lakes. We are trying to coordinate, and I think we have done a good job at enhancing coordination across the Federal family to support the effort there, because that is what it needs to be.    There are remaining challenges. The $50 million that we are suggesting in a cut is just a reality of trying to face our budget constraints. But we are certainly open, and we know that there will continue to be a lot of push for that to be restored. We are happy to talk about what other kind of leveraging we can do.    We know we have work to do. We have done great so far, but the work remains in terms of looking at harmful algal blooms, looking at invasive species, looking at those areas of concern and continuing to make progress. There are a lot of challenges that are being faced that are worthy of significant investment, if that money was available.    Ms. McCarthy. I actually am not aware that any of those sites would be postponed, but I certainly can get back to you. I think mainly we are looking at maintaining those resources to those efforts. We have a number that are targeted this year, but let me go back and I will get you that information, if I could.    Ms. McCarthy. Again, sir, I do not have exact identification of where the funding cuts would be made. I appreciate your concern for this.    A video is even better than pictures, because it is pretty frightening.    I know that is one of the areas of priority for funding moving forward.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it certainly will continue the momentum moving forward. There certainly has to be a larger conversation about how quickly we can achieve those goals working with State and local communities, and how best to do that. But it maintains, I think, the emphasis on the program in a way that our budget accommodates.    Certainly, we are still open to whether or not those budgets are aligned effectively, whether they are targeted appropriately, how we can work with USDA on some of these issues.    I sympathize with what is going on in western Lake Erie, but it is also happening in many other parts of the country, and we have to address this issue systemically as well as in a targeted way as the GLRI done this.    Ms. McCarthy. I appreciate that, sir. I am not trying to put you in a position of doing heavy-lifting, but we are trying to meet the Bipartisan Budget Act numbers.    I would also just, as an aside, recognize that part of the challenge we had in Toledo, it was twofold. It was one of the harmful algal blooms, but it was also a lack of investment, so it goes back to that overall look at what we do with water infrastructure and how we get resources that can help communities address these challenges to update, because that is what essentially was missing in that scenario.    Ms. McCarthy. That is another challenge as well. I know you have been active in that. You have been active in many ways that I think recognize the value of the Great Lakes to your region, and it is of enormous concern to all of us.    Ms. McCarthy. As you indicated, we have embraced with USDA an opportunity to look at food waste more successfully, given how much is actually wasted, and how many people in this country have food insecurity. There has to be a way to mix and match in making sure that we are recovering that waste and shipping off what is usable to reach those families in need. That is what the challenge is all about.    We are working on it in a number of different ways. I think the program I would most note is our Food Recovery Challenge, which is really just about connecting with supermarkets to see how they buy, how they donate, working with local restaurants, working with food shelters, connecting those dots.    We have now done extensive outreach to the faith community, to try to activate them, because, as you know, poverty and food issues are central to most faith constituencies. So they are great in working with us both on water quality, as well as this effort.    We are open to any suggestions on how we move this forward, but there seems to be a building momentum on this. That is a good thing. It is all the way upstream to agriculture where the food is produced to getting it to the tables where the food can be consumed, especially by those most in need.    But it is a big lift to go from where we are today, which is close to 40 percent wasted, to actually meeting and having that in a fairly short period of time.    But people seem energized and engaged. It is not a largely resourced effort of EPA or USDA. I think both Secretary Vilsack and I are committed to making sure we leverage our resources wisely, but really do it in a way that engages outside constituencies who see this as such a core effort moving forward. It is exciting to see it building some momentum.    Ms. McCarthy. And the methane it produces.    Ms. McCarthy. I think we are coordinating well, but we also are looking at having a much more robust strategy. I think it goes well beyond the few people we are dedicating to food recovery. It is just not commensurate with the challenge or, frankly, the real opportunity that we see.    But we will continue to work. We need a strategy that will get us to meet that 2050 goal, and we are working on how best to do that.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to answer that question.    The Supreme Court did stay the rule. They did not speak to any tolling of the deadlines. This is a rule where compliance is quite far off into the future. So that issue will clearly be decided either by the Supreme Court or if they choose to give it to the lower court or to EPA to work through. There are a variety of ways that those issues get resolved. But it was not spoken to by the Supreme Court in its decision.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I will assure you that EPA drafted this rule. We had an open-door policy from day one, and we worked for years before we even proposed a rule, to make sure we heard from everyone.    We believe the standards are reasonable and not just appropriate but cost-effective as well, or else we would not have established them. So we are not looking to preclude coal from being a significant part of the energy system. Indeed, we project it will continue to be.    But we do believe that facilities can comply, and we think States will be able to meet the requirements under the Clean Power Plan.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, the way the Clean Power Plan works is that States make decisions instead of individual utilities on how they are going to comply, because that is the way the energy system works. It is done regionally, primarily.    We just wrote it in a way that we thought would be the least expensive, the less invasive, get us significant pollution reductions, but work within the energy system rather than EPA imposing on that energy system a new structure of decision-making.    So we think it is consistent with the way the energy system works, that utilities will be able to work with this, that States should be able to manage this. And we are working hard to continue with States voluntarily looking to move forward to continue to support those actions.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you so much for letting me respond.    There are about 25 States that at least have sent signals or continue to work with us directly. Frankly, most States continue to talk about this and work on it, because the Clean Power Plan is legally solid, and I think everybody wants to get a jump on how they are looking at planning to respond to that. So about 25 States are continuing to voluntarily ask us for assistance and work on----    Ms. McCarthy. Utilities are very engaged in this issue, because, frankly, the energy system is transitioning already, and they are trying to understand what their investment should look like now so that they prepare for what is inevitably a low-carbon future.    So we are going to continue to work with that. This budget reflects about $50.5 million, $25 million of which would be supplied to States that continue to voluntarily want to move forward, and the other $25.5 million is really about us continuing to develop tools that respond to their requests and continue to work with those States that want to voluntarily work with us.    But it in no way is running contrary to the Supreme Court stay. We are not implementing or enforcing the law while it goes through the courts. Everybody sort of expected it would go through the courts anyway.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to follow up with you. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. The only thing that I can tell you, sir, if you look back to the 1980s, you will see that there has been a consistent decline in that industry, and that is well before we had a climate plan.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it is very challenging for particularly the coal from the Appalachia area to be competitive right now in the market.    But EPA specifically tried to identify a way to deliver the Clean Power Plan in a way that would not interrupt the pattern of how the market works, but it does underpin it. But it does not change the direction in which we think the energy system is happening on its own, as a result of market forces.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman, thank you for raising this issue, because it is something that the entire Federal family has been working together on.    EPA's role really is reflective of how we mitigate the challenge, how can we mitigate an impact, the habitats that would be mosquito breeding and take care that issue. But we are also looking at what we need to do to make sure that we have pesticides approved that can attack this and how we do training. We are focusing that training.    Thankfully, Florida is very strong in terms of their ability to be able to manage this issue and have certified applicators and a strong regulatory system. We are focusing a lot of attention on Puerto Rico as well as the Virgin Islands, where their sort of regulatory system is not quite as strong, and we want to make sure that when pesticides are used, they are applied carefully.    There are a number of pesticides that are approved by EPA and effective, as well as they can be, both on outside spraying, as well as indoor use. We are continuing to work with NIH to see if there are others that we can bring into the system. As a Federal family, we are looking to make sure that those pesticides will work, are properly manufactured, and at levels that can be distributed, as this Zika virus is progressing.    It is an enormous challenge to work on this, and it is one that I think the Federal Government is looking for appropriate support from this body, but also EPA is looking to make sure we do our work with NIH to get the products out in the market that we believe can be safely applied and can help in this effort.    Ms. McCarthy. It is definitely a shift in what we see, and it is based on the needs out there, long term. It is a shift a little bit more toward the drinking water side than it is the clean water side.    Part of the challenge we have is to make sure that we certainly live within our budget, and we have done our best to reflect where we think the priorities need to be.    But beyond that, we are trying to look at how in this fiscal year start supporting WIFIA, because that leverages or has an opportunity to leverage private sector dollars as well in a way that is a much larger leveraging opportunity than we have under the State Revolving Fund.    So we are looking at a $20 million investment there. We are also looking at our Water Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center to continue to support that effort, because they are providing a lot of opportunity to work with rural communities and small systems to think more creatively about what opportunities are available.    We are looking at continuing to look at the flexibilities that we have under the State drinking water fund.    But I think, all in all, we are also looking at using I think some visibility and concern that have arisen as a result of Flint to sort of raise the flag, if you will, to say that all of these efforts are good, and we are directing more efforts to the Mexico-U.S. border and to Alaska, tribes, but we need to do more.    We really need to step back and recognize that our water infrastructure is old and investments are not being made at a rate that would keep that to be the modern system that we once had. There are challenges both with legacy and emergent contaminants that really require us to think about new technologies, on how to drive those and invest in them.    So there does need to be a larger discussion and opportunity to take a deep breath and see whether or not clean water remains a core need and value of this country, and whether or not we are providing the investments we need for that.    Ms. McCarthy. None of us have an easy job with this. I really appreciate the subcommittee, and obviously the committee chair being here to try to identify a path forward. It is always a respectful and good conversation here, and I thank you for it.    Ms. McCarthy. It makes me feel good that you share the pain.    Ms. McCarthy. I think the GAO is always right in that we need to continue to collaborate. That is why the White House pulled together the National Pollinator Health Strategy that was announced back last year in May.    I mean, it is extremely important for us to look at sending all the right signals to the industry itself, so that you have beekeepers and the agriculture community able to communicate with one another and develop a strategy that both protects the pollinators as well as allows us to utilize pesticides and other things that are vital to agriculture moving forward.    These are not easy issues. One of the things we did, as I think you know, is we are really requiring registrants to look at conducting new bee safety studies as they are looking at new types of pesticides.    We are doing the best we can to start building it into the system as a fundamental look, and we are looking to work more effectively with USDA, as well as the services, at the full range of impacts, not just health, but ecological impacts and impacts to the pollinators as well.    So we are doing the best we can and we are getting more information. As the attention has gone up, the science is getting better. As the science gets better, we utilize it in our decisionmaking. We are looking forward to collaborating more effectively in the future with our Federal family.    Ms. McCarthy. I think we are doing a pretty good job, sir, when these emergencies arise at approving exemptions that are in the system. We did that with the State of Florida as they were approaching their next season when they had to look at how to apply pesticides in a way that would address citrus greening. So you are absolutely right.    Fortunately, the law allows us to have that type of expedited review, and we do the best we can to make sure we do it in a timely manner.    Ms. McCarthy. We are really trying to respond to them, as is USDA in looking at how we do research to get a better solution on the table than these interim exemptions provide.    Ms. McCarthy. Big question. I am not sure that I am going to be able to answer the question and give it the thought that it deserves.    But I think what you mentioned in terms of the challenges for drinking water and wastewater treatment technologies are some that keep me up at night because I just think that we are seeing things and contaminants now where we are not properly protecting our source waters, where we have to look at our discharges into those waters carefully to understood what is in there, to look at what is getting into our wastewater treatment and what we are not prepared to treat, what those systems have not been designed to effectively get out before it then gets back into the source water and potentially into our drinking water source.    So having that in mind as we are looking at not just upgrading but new technology solutions. We have to stop pretending that we can fix all those and start accommodating them through technology investments and getting those technologies into the market.    I think that you all know that I have spent a great deal of my time on climate change. I would be I think not doing my duty if I did not continue to raise that. I think in the energy world, you see a lot of opportunity and transition already happening, but we need more solutions on the table, more investment, more understanding of how we take action on climate that is commensurate with the risk.    Frankly, part of the challenge the EPA faces is you have given us a lot of opportunity to prevent problems before they arise, but we need more. You need investment, if you are going to stop from having to do these emergencies in Flint, the emergency in Toledo. Every time we do that, we spend more time on one incident than infrastructure investment would have been for three, four, five, six other facilities. Do you know what I mean? We have to stop thinking crisis by crisis and start looking more systemically at these issues.    And EPA as well needs to do that, working hand in hand with Congress. I appreciate the opportunity to have been able to work with you for as long as I have. I think you have been a terrific sort of adviser to the work that we are doing. You remind us constantly of how important that work is. And I know you have a difficult job, and I appreciate it very much that you have given it such tremendous attention.