    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, I really wish my children understood what that meant.    The Chairman. OK. You don't get the extra 2 minutes.    Ms. Goldfuss. I won't get the extra 2 minutes; I won't need it.    The Chairman. But I----    Ms. Goldfuss. Let me put it that way.    The Chairman. So, with that, thank you for being here. You know the drill. You have 5 minutes for the opening statement, you know the way the clock works ahead of you. I would like to recognize you right now for anything you wish to say orally.    Ms. Goldfuss. Great, thank you, Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Goldfuss. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Council on Environmental Quality's final guidance on considering greenhouse gas emissions and the effects of climate change in National Environmental Policy Act reviews. This final guidance represents the culmination of more than 6 years of work by CEQ with Federal agencies and two rounds of public comments from a wide variety of stakeholders. I appreciate the committee's continued interest in this issue, and for inviting me back to testify a second time, now that this guidance is final.    Across the globe, we are already seeing increasingly the impacts of extreme weather, longer wildfire seasons, rising sea levels, and other impacts of climate change. Climate change is real, and we are experiencing these impacts now: 2015 was the hottest year on record, and last month was the 16th consecutive month of record-breaking heat.    And taxpayer dollars are at stake, as well. Over the past decade, the Federal Government alone has spent more than $357 billion in direct costs due to extreme weather and wildfires. Now we are even looking at spending taxpayer dollars to help relocate entire communities at risk in Louisiana, Washington, and also Alaska. That is why, under President Obama's leadership, the Administration has taken more action to address climate change and build a clean-energy economy than ever before. By counseling Federal agencies on how to consider climate change in their NEPA reviews, our final guidance builds on the Administration's efforts to address climate change and build a more resilient future.    Under NEPA, Federal agencies are required to consider and disclose the potential effects of their actions on the environment. Over the years, Federal agencies have looked to CEQ for how best to analyze those actions, and consider ways in which climate change is affecting Federal projects.    Additionally, for more than two decades, courts have been asked to determine if Federal agencies must consider the greenhouse gas emission effects of major Federal actions in their NEPA documents. In fact, since 1990, there have been more than 90 NEPA cases, involving more than 25 Federal agencies, in which plaintiffs have raised climate change issues.    The final CEQ guidance is built on agencies' experience, and crafted to provide a consistent approach across the Federal Government, while also allowing the flexibility to accommodate diverse circumstances and agencies' expert judgment. The goal is to ensure that NEPA analysis provides the public and Federal agencies with a clear picture of how the Federal Government impacts climate change.    In order to measure impacts on climate change, the guidance asks that agencies quantify greenhouse gas emissions from proposed agencies actions as part of their NEPA analyses. It also counsels agencies to consider alternatives that are more resilient to the effects of a changing climate, like ensuring a bridge is rebuilt to account for sea-level rise.    Building on the 2010 and 2014 draft guidance documents, our final guidance reflects extensive consideration of comments and feedback received from hundreds of individuals, organizations, and Members of Congress, including this very committee. Notably, the final guidance does not include a reference point for when agencies would have to quantify projected greenhouse gas emissions impacts. Instead, the guidance asks that agencies quantify projected emissions when the necessary tools, methodologies, and data inputs are available, an issue this committee raised with us.    With the finalization of this guidance, the Administration is taking another big step in the effort to consider how Federal actions will impact climate change, and identify opportunities to build climate resilience, saving taxpayer dollars in the long run. As President Obama has said many times, climate change is the greatest threat facing our planet, and it is critical that we all act now.    I firmly believe that this guidance will help agencies build more resilient projects and communities, and make more transparent decisions, which in turn improve environmental and community outcomes.    With that, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today, and I look forward to answering all of your questions.    Ms. Goldfuss. Can you repeat the question?    Ms. Goldfuss. There are many factors that contribute to each individual fire, yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. They can be drought, which is exacerbated by climate change. They can be lightning strikes, human activity, any number of things.    Ms. Goldfuss. Certainly management of the forest is very important in how we manage for wildfire.    Ms. Goldfuss. In what way is management of the forest important to how we manage for wildfire?    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, I don't want to speak to all the Forest Service's management approaches here, but there are many different ways that----    Ms. Goldfuss. We certainly have had much success, and our colleagues at the Forest Service are the experts in this area, in managed areas where we see areas that are more resistant to wildfire, yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. I was actually just near one recently with the President in Tahoe. There are many stories about fire in that region, where we have seen the difference between managed lands and not-managed lands.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is not less fire, just the fire characteristics are different in the managed lands than----    Ms. Goldfuss. What is my background?    Ms. Goldfuss. Prior to this job I worked at the National Park Service. And then, prior to that, I was here at the committee. And then, prior to that, I worked at a think tank.    Ms. Goldfuss. I graduated from Brown University and I studied political science.    Ms. Goldfuss. The draft guidance applies to both environmental assessments and environmental impact statements. We say clearly in the guidance that any decision that has been previously made, the agencies are not recommended to go back and review that.    Ms. Goldfuss. If there has already been a finding of no significant impact, it would not need to go back and be reviewed.    Ms. Goldfuss. Is this a specific case to which you are referencing?    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, I cannot respond to what would happen if a judge said that the agency had to go back and review. I can tell you what happens now, going forward.    Ms. Goldfuss. Now, going forward, the guidance would recommend that agencies look at climate change in their NEPA reviews. And they do that through quantifying their greenhouse gas emissions.    Ms. Goldfuss. I think what you are speaking to is really the nature of climate change, which is that there are millions of different actions that contribute to this overall threat that we see to the planet. So to say that one----    Ms. Goldfuss. As you would see in the guidance, we account for both ways to value the carbon stock nature of the environment, or the natural resources, and also the carbon emissions.    The Chairman. Thank you. Be careful, I am a poli-sci graduate, too.    The Chairman. And you are right, it qualifies me to sell shoes at Penney's.    Mr. Grijalva, do you have questions?    Ms. Goldfuss. Are we going to get everyone's major here?    Ms. Goldfuss. We certainly do.    Ms. Goldfuss. We certainly do, and we are not alone.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes, climate change is real, and we are experiencing the impacts and paying for them right now.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. Thank you, Congressman Grijalva. The impacts that we are experiencing are devastating for, say, the community of Isle de Jean Charles in Louisiana, where we are looking at spending taxpayer dollars for moving the entire community to a new location because their island will be under water in the coming decades.    Also, Kotzebue, in Alaska, where the entire community has just voted to relocate from where they have lived, because of the impact from climate change. And then there are other communities elsewhere in Washington State that are having a similar discussion. These are the impacts that we see in the United States.    If you look at globally, you talk to the Department of Defense or any other colleagues about the impacts of what we are seeing globally, it is devastating. So to say that one impact or one decision is not relevant to the overall problem we are facing does not recognize that, really, we are all in this together and have a responsibility to address this problem at every point we can.    Ms. Goldfuss. We are not there yet. I think it is a constant struggle of always balancing the needs of our economy and the environment. But what we have seen over time is that we can have both. Over the last 15 years we have cut our carbon emissions by 6 percent, while the GDP has grown 11 percent. We can do both of these things. The guidance is a step in the right direction to giving agencies the space to give us the information so we can make smart decisions.    Ms. Goldfuss. In 2010 and 2014, we had many conversations and heard from stakeholders. It took us this 6-year period of time, and even back farther than that if you look at the records for CEQ, discussing how climate change should be incorporated into NEPA reviews to get it right.    I also believe that the tools available to agencies to quantify greenhouse gas emissions have evolved and are really state-of-the-art at this time. So they have the capacity to do it.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is a crisis we are trying to address.    Ms. Goldfuss. I am not sure how you would define a critical condition. I think we are seeing the impacts now, and this guidance is a tool that agencies will be able to use to provide us information on how----    Ms. Goldfuss. I am not familiar with that specific report. What I can tell you----    Ms. Goldfuss. What I can speak to are the facts that scientists are pointing to now. As has been rightly pointed out, I am not a climate scientist, but what I----    Ms. Goldfuss. What I know is that----    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, 15 of the 16 hottest years on record have happened since 2000.    Ms. Goldfuss. We have now had 16 months----    Ms. Goldfuss . Of global averages----    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman, what I know is the changes that we are experiencing now, the costs associated with that----    Ms. Goldfuss . And the responsibility that we have to address them if we----    Ms. Goldfuss . Are not telling us that these are the same changes.    Ms. Goldfuss. This guidance is not a regulation. It is not legally enforceable. And in fact, what it does is help agencies----    Ms. Goldfuss. I don't have that figure for you, because it is not a regulation. It is not required to be followed by agencies----    Ms. Goldfuss. No, not at all.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, and we specifically say in the guidance that it is unlikely that GHG emissions would ever change the type of environmental analysis an agency would conduct.    Ms. Goldfuss. We certainly agree, as well. And as someone who has worked in an agency, I can tell you nothing delays things more than uncertainty. So, with 90 cases in the courts, 25 different agencies trying to figure out how to address the issue of climate change, this guidance answers that question, says that we recommend they account for greenhouse gas emissions, and gives them tools to do so, which allows them to move beyond the debate and do the analysis.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is another way of answering that question, and we know that we have the tools and the data available to do that. When there aren't tools or data available, the agencies can simply state that and move on. But this is the best way that we have and, really, the best proxy for climate change impacts.    Ms. Goldfuss. Just to step back a moment, the guidance fits within the regulatory framework of NEPA, which asks agencies to look at the direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts of their actions. This guidance does not require agencies to do anything different than what those regulations already lay out.    Instead, it says when it comes to the question of climate change, here is the path forward. We would recommend that you quantify your greenhouse gas emissions, and here are some tools that you could use to do that. If the tools and methodologies are not available--and I can say in the agriculture space, USDA has several that are quite helpful--agencies can simply state that the tools and data are not available, and give us a qualitative assessment of what the impacts would be.    Ms. Goldfuss. Once again, this is guidance, so it is not requirement, and it is not legally binding.    Ms. Goldfuss. They can.    Ms. Goldfuss. NEPA is a regulation that requires Federal agencies to look at their environmental impacts. It does not require cost-benefit analysis. So, social cost of carbon is a regulatory tool. It is not in any way required by this guidance, which still is about environmental analysis, is not a regulation, and does not require cost-benefit analysis.    Ms. Goldfuss. My colleague, Howard Shelanski from OIRA, is talking about good guidance right now somewhere else on the Hill. But social cost of carbon, once again, is a regulatory tool. It is about cost-benefit analysis. NEPA is specifically not about cost-benefit analysis. It is about environmental review.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is up to each agency to use the tools that they believe will give them the best information available.    Ms. Goldfuss. If they decided to use the cost-benefit analysis of social cost of carbon, that is up to them.    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman, we are going to have a difference of opinion on this. Just as Mr. McClintock raised, we know and what I know is what our scientists tell us, which is that climate change is happening now.    Ms. Goldfuss. And that humans are contributing----    Ms. Goldfuss. The vast majority.    The Chairman. Let me cut this off, we need to go on.    Mr. Huffman.    Ms. Goldfuss. I would agree.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is right. By our research, there have been 90 different cases that have raised climate change. The trend out of those cases was for climate change to be considered. Certainly there are cases that went the other way. What that creates for the 25 agencies that are involved in those various cases is confusion about what to do.    This guidance answers that question. It is our recommendation that they quantify greenhouse gas emissions as a way to account for their climate change impacts.    Ms. Goldfuss. Bring it.    The Chairman. OK?    Ms. Goldfuss. OK.    The Chairman. Mr. Newhouse, you are recognized.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, guidance has been part of policymaking for a long time. And yes, NEPA guidance has withstood many different court cases, and it comes out in different ways. But it is still standing that this is not a regulation, it is not legally binding. And although it may be referenced in courts, it is up to agencies to make these decisions within the bounds of their own statutes.    There is nothing here that says that you have to do this guidance. In fact, there are many ways that agencies may determine this is not appropriate, and our guidance would be that they tell us why it is not appropriate. But the courts will then determine whether or not those reviews were conducted appropriately.    Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you, Congressman, for that question. There are two parts there. The cost-benefit analysis is specifically not part of NEPA reviews, as we discussed before, but in terms of looking at the cumulative impacts you are referencing, the regulations for NEPA, do lay out a framework of direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts.    Those cumulative impacts are bound by what can be reasonably foreseen in the future to be those impacts. Then, with regard to this guidance, the tools that we have made available, and that the agencies are familiar with, they will be able to use those to evaluate what the cumulative impacts of the greenhouse gas emissions may be.    So, this is not about life-cycle analysis. That is different than cumulative impacts that are bound by what is reasonably foreseeable as our regulations already lay out.    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman, thank you very much for that question. As I referenced in the beginning, OMB and the President's budget said that we have already spent $357 billion on the direct costs of climate change.    So, it would make sense that, if we have the tools available to see what the changes of the environment are going to be due to sea level rise, that when we are planning a 30 to 40, or 50-year project like a bridge or rebuilding a road, or even where you might site a particular project, that you would take those pieces of information into consideration, so that you don't continually rebuild the same bridge over and over again at the same level, have it wash out, and then spend taxpayer dollars to do it again in, say, 20 years or even less, depending on where that project is.    So, what we recommend through the guidance is that, where appropriate, depending on the project, that agencies look at not only how their actions or what the contribution to climate change will be, but then the changes in the environment that might impact that project, or how that project will impact a changed environment, is the better way to phrase it. Five seconds.    Ms. Goldfuss. I am sorry, I missed it. Where did you say you worked?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I worked on resilience issues.    Ms. Goldfuss. Oh, resilience.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I am from the state of Louisiana, and worked on coastal issues. In fact, I worked with a number of your predecessors over the years.    I am struggling with something, I guess, kind of thematically about your testimony and some of the things that are being discussed here.    Coastal Louisiana has lost about 1,900 square miles of wetlands and some of the most productive ecosystem on this entire continent. You sit here and you talk about the social cost of carbon, and how we need to be mindful of the long-term impacts of the social cost of carbon because you care about the environment, you care about humanity, you care about our citizens. Yet the Administration is effectively doing nothing but throwing up roadblocks in our efforts to actually restore wetlands and our efforts to actually improve the resiliency of the community, improve or maintain the ecological productivity of the coastal ecosystem in Louisiana.    So, I am having trouble giving you credibility, to be honest with you, that you are here saying that, look, we are doing this because this is the right thing for society, this is the right thing for our environment, the right thing for our community, yet the greatest cause of land loss in coastal Louisiana is the Federal Government, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.    I have repeatedly, repeatedly, gone to CEQ and said, ``You all need to do something.'' This isn't something that is going to happen in 50 to 100 years. Ms. Goldfuss, let's be honest. You can be wildly successful in your efforts, wildly successful in your efforts, and you are not going to see any reduction in sea level rise for 50, 100 years. And so, we have problems right now.    As I understand, my friends from California referenced perhaps--I am not sure what they were talking about, I was not here--but some of the communities in Louisiana that right now are facing the need to have to leave, communities that have been around for hundreds of years. Can you help explain that to me, sort of this whole credibility gap that I see?    Ms. Goldfuss. Sure. First of all, I have repeatedly said the social cost of carbon is a cost-benefit analysis tool used in regulation. That is not what we are talking about today. The climate guidance under NEPA does not require cost-benefit analysis, and it is only referenced in the guidance as an option available to decision makers, if they decide cost-benefit analysis is appropriate for their review.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I have 2 minutes left.    Ms. Goldfuss. So----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Don't eat all my time. I have more questions.    Ms. Goldfuss. All right. Let me just say on wetlands, because I do think we share your concern, and are working diligently at CEQ to address some of the problems that you have raised--we put out a Presidential Memorandum that was focused specifically on bringing private investment to some of these problems, and lifting the standard of no net loss of wetlands in this country.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But you are talking about private investment. If I destroyed something, you would come after me. And if I destroyed wetlands, you know who would come after me? The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, yet they are the greatest cause of loss to coastal wetlands in the Nation, and nothing is being done about it. I don't understand that hypocrisy. I don't understand at all.    Let me pivot and ask another question. When I recall what the Administration did on the Keystone XL Pipeline, part of the justification for rejecting the pipeline was because there was a greenhouse gas analysis that was done to determine it was going to contribute to emissions of greenhouse gas. That was part of the justification for shutting it down.    Let me ask you this. When the Iran nuclear deal was done, was there a social cost of carbon? Was there an analysis on what----    Ms. Goldfuss. Excuse me. When what was done?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. The Iran nuclear agreement, which included lifting sanctions for Iran, I believe the fourth-largest oil reserves in the world, and allowing them to access global markets. Was there a greenhouse gas analysis that was done there to determine the increase in emissions that would result from that? And I would love to see the comparison of that to the Keystone XL Pipeline, in terms of the additional oil that would be put on global markets.    Ms. Goldfuss. I am afraid that might have to be a different hearing. You would have to ask Secretary Kerry.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But doesn't that seem a little bit strange, that you would blame Keystone XL Pipeline on greenhouse gas emissions, yet for the Iran nuclear agreement you have the fourth-largest reserves of the world--if I recall correctly--of oil, hundreds of millions of barrels of oil dumped on the markets? Do you see any hypocrisy there at all?    Ms. Goldfuss. Those are, again, both State Department decisions.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, but you are CEQ. You all are the ones that are supposed to be addressing these issues from an environmental perspective.    The last question is this. The Department of the Interior recently came out with some offshore air emissions proposal. And under----    The Chairman. Give me a break here. You can do it if you can do it in 2 seconds.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. All right. Amen.    The Chairman. Mr. Gallego.    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman Gallego, great question. One of the main points of NEPA, as Congress brilliantly wrote it, was both to look at the environmental impacts of Federal decisionmaking, but then also to allow the public to see those environmental impacts. And we hear frequently from environmental justice communities and then also from communities that have the least but are bearing the biggest burden of climate change impacts. Louisiana is one of the states that has some of the biggest problems there, as is Alaska.    The enormity of this problem is such that, having the information for those communities about how our decisions, as the Federal Government, could make their situation worse, is the power of the people, basically, to see what our decisions are. That is the transparency. By asking agencies to share what the greenhouse gas emissions of their decisionmaking are, that allows the public to see how each of our decisions contributes to this overall problem.    So, this is the tool to allow the public the window into the decisions we make, and how the problem of climate change is either helped or burdened.    Ms. Goldfuss. We have not set a significant level. We have instead asked agencies to rely on their expertise and, if the tools and methodologies and data are available, then they should do it.    So, to say one level is more significant than another was problematic. In our initial analysis, we heard two different competing factors around the 25,000 threshold we set previously, which, one, was that some agencies confused that as a threshold for actually doing an EIS, which was not the intention, and then also the very practical concern that if you are determining whether or not you are above or below 25,000 metric tons of CO<INF>2</INF> equivalent, then you are already quantifying.    Ms. Goldfuss. So, rather than setting a threshold, yes----    Ms. Goldfuss. The guidance is quite clear, that if the tools and methodologies are available, our recommendation is to quantify.    Ms. Goldfuss. Correct.    Ms. Goldfuss. I would argue that we have taken out the confusion around the particular threshold that would have required people to quantify anyway, and instead say if you have the capacity, the tools, the methodologies, and the data to quantify your greenhouse gas emissions, we would recommend that you do so.    Ms. Goldfuss. And if they don't----    Ms. Goldfuss. That they should quantify their greenhouse gas emissions. That is what it says. If they are not able to, then they have to reference the facts that the methodologies and the tools are not available----    Ms. Goldfuss. Once again, guidance in the construct of the regulations that are laid out by NEPA that look at direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts, that is also, once again, bound by a rule of reason. So, what are the reasonably foreseeable impacts of the action? Those are the tools and methodologies that we are referencing.    So, it is not endless research. We even say to agencies, ``Do not conduct new research''----    Ms. Goldfuss. No, because this would be within their statutory authority to look at the reasonably foreseeable impacts of the decision that they are making. And that is long-standing NEPA practice.    Ms. Goldfuss. Certainly.    The Chairman. OK. So let's assume I am the evil oil and gas company that Mr. Grijalva wants me to be. And I want to get an approval for a lease on Federal lands. Currently, NEPA analysis would have me to quantify or qualify the greenhouse gas emissions from the drilling activity over the course of the lease. That is correct, right?    Ms. Goldfuss. Correct.    The Chairman. But under----    Ms. Goldfuss. It wouldn't recommend.    The Chairman . Your guidances that you have in here, the NEPA analysis would now also have to consider the greenhouse gas emissions from transportation of the resource, combustion of the emission at either the power plant or refinery, and if the product is exported, the combustion at the end use, even if it is a foreign country.    Therefore, under the guidance, it requires inclusions of effects of greenhouse gas emissions from users of the resource that are beyond the control of the permitting agency. The problem now comes----    Ms. Goldfuss. The reasonably foreseeable impacts.    The Chairman. Just a minute, let me finish. There is no question mark yet.    The problem comes in here that the Supreme Court's precedent says that where an agency has no ability to prevent a certain effect due to its statutory authority over the relevant actions, the agency cannot be considered a legally relevant cause of the effect, which essentially means that indirect effects cannot be considered if the agency cannot control them.    But that is not what your guidance actually says. You are familiar, I am assuming--well, that is a stupid question--OMB circular A4, whether you are familiar or not with that, does require a 7 percent discount, and it does require that domestic impacts are given. And if there is a global impact, that has to be considered separately from the domestic impacts.    But the problem is the social cost of carbon, which you put as one of the other options that companies can use as they are going through NEPA, does not require either the 7 percent discount rate or, if it is required, it does not have to list domestic costs separately from global costs. So if there is a final decision on this using the OMB cost, it is going to be at variance with OMB Circular A4, which is at variance with the social cost of carbon that is given as one of the options, which ultimately means the end result is lawsuit time.    See, once somebody has responsibility to do something, it does not necessarily mean they have the authority to do it. You do not have the authority to do this. This is why you repeatedly say this is all voluntary. But it is voluntary that everyone simply has to do. If not, the lawsuits will be there.    And, once again, if a court uses your voluntary guidance as an issue of what somebody has to do, does that not become de facto enforcement of what takes place?    Ms. Goldfuss. Is that my question?    The Chairman. Yes or no, go ahead.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, we do not see it that way.    The Chairman. Well, OK. Then you are seeing it wrong, because, unfortunately, it already happened. Wild Earth Guardians has already sued BLM on this particular issue. The amount of lawsuits are going to increase because of this. It may be voluntary, but it isn't voluntary. Everyone would still have to do it. And once the courts use this as a rationale and a reason, that becomes the de facto responsibility that has to be there. That is why this is such a dangerous and difficult approach, unless you are an attorney, in which case this is full employment for the rest of your life-cycle.    Now, let me----    Ms. Goldfuss. The courts were already addressing this issue. So, either way, it was going to be----    The Chairman. No, no, no.    Ms. Goldfuss . Resolved there.    The Chairman. You have exacerbated the problem. That is why I use that old Rumpole of the Bailey line. Horace Rumpole did not have to obey his wife, but he knew he had to obey her. That is why he always referred to her as ``She Who Must Be Obeyed.''    That is what this silly guidance is--what has to be obeyed. And you know what will be the result if one does not, even though your agency does not have the legal ability to enforce it. It is not enforceable, it is voluntary, unless somebody tries to do it. You have given all the options out to the other groups now to make sure that if they don't do it, there is going to be a lawsuit, so they better do it, because it has to be obeyed. It is not your responsibility, it is not your authority, but you did it anyway, and that is why I object to it.    With that, I also want to thank you very much for sitting here with us for over an hour. I appreciate your time. You have had to answer every question, because there is no one to share the responsibility with you. But then you did the guidance, so it is your own fault.    Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. But I do appreciate you being here. And with that, if there is no other business--actually, I have statements to say here--but there is a rule that says our Committee Record is open. If anyone has other questions, we will be sending them to you. We ask you to respond to those in the appropriate amount of time. You know the drill we go through.    And if there is no other business, we got you out of here on time.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is appreciated. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you for being here, and this committee will stand adjourned.