    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to you and Ranking Member Engel. Thanks to our witnesses, Deputy Secretary Blinken and Acting Under Secretary Szubin. It is great to have you both here in your new roles.    Let me start with this. I understand that we are now approaching a deadline and I want to express my thanks, as I have every single time I have had the opportunity, for the focus on working to bring my constituent, Bob Levinson, home.    But as we approach these last days, let me just say that raising the issue at this point can no longer suffice, and that with respect to Pastor Abedini and Amir Hekmati and Jason Rezaian and Bob Levinson, if anyone is to take Iran seriously, that there is any commitment that they can make that can be adhered to, then the best show of good faith that they can make would be to return those Americans. I urge you to make that a priority. That is number one.    Next, I have been clear. I know we are not supposed to prejudge any deal but there are certainly things that would concern us in any deal that I think it is okay for us to address and I want to just go through a few of those.    First, a couple of straightforward questions. Deputy Secretary Blinken, will a final agreement and the technical annexes and side agreements be made public? Will they be readily available to Congress and to the public?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you.    Mr. Deutch. The greater the transparency the easier it will be for people to----    Mr. Deutch. Congress had full access to it. The American people didn't. Let me just go on.    Next, again, just a couple of straightforward questions. Does Iran--Secretary Blinken, does Iran remained the world's most active state sponsor of terror?    Mr. Deutch. And is the administration in any way considering removing them from the state sponsor of terrorism list?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you.    Now, when it comes to the issues that we are dealing with that concern me in any deal, one, we have talked about the number of centrifuges and the infrastructure. A question I have is whether the ultimate number of centrifuges is reduced from the close to 20,000 to 6,000 or 7,000 or 3,000, whatever the number is, what will happen to the rest?    Will any of them be dismantled? Will they go into a closet? Will they go into an attic? Will they be readily available for Iran at the expiration of the deal?    Mr. Deutch. I understand. I understand, and I only have a little time. But I would encourage--I would suggest that if the ultimate deal doesn't require that a single one of those centrifuges is dismantled, it is going to make it awfully difficult for a lot of us to be comfortable that this is a serious enough step to prevent them from breaking out.    Next, I just--I think you can understand, and I am not going to have time to get to my other--so I will just focus on this. I think you can understand the frustration that we have when both you, Secretary Blinken and Mr. Szubin, both talked about phased, proportionate and reversible sanctions relief but then went on to acknowledge the plan to go to the United Nations Security Council and to make clear that at the U.N., Venezuela, Malaysia, Nigeria may get a chance to vote on this deal now but Congress, ultimately, will have a chance to vote on this perhaps 5, perhaps 10, perhaps 15 years in the future.    That is what we are being told. I hope you can understand the frustration and how can--and the real question I have is how can the sanctions relief be reversible if the plan is to go to the United Nations to reverse all of the multilateral sanctions, leaving only the American sanctions in place?    Mr. Deutch. And Mr. Chairman, if I could just ask to have Mr. Szubin provide to us, because I am out of time, provide to us after this hearing a breakdown to the extent that you have done it of the $700 million that has been released every--the money that has been released every few months under the interim deal, and if you have done analysis on a deal of what a final deal might look like of sanctions relief, to the extent that $10 billion, $20 billion, $50 billion of the frozen money was released all at one time where any that money in the case of the interim deal has gone in Iran, where it would go under the--under the permanent deal and whether it would simply wind up going to benefit the Revolutionary Guard, the military and their terrorist activities.    I thank you and I yield back.