    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I would ask unanimous consent to have my opening statement submitted.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. Thank you to our witnesses. Ambassador Olson, with President Obama's October 2015 decision to keep a larger U.S. military presence in Afghanistan for a longer period of time, would you tell us what results, if any, you have seen from this change in administration policy and what your expectations are going forward?    Mr. Cicilline. Okay. Would you also, I think this could be principally Mr. Sampler, how is our assistance improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan? We still hear horrible stories of abuses, ranging from bacha bazi to sexual abuse of young boys by some Afghan Security Forces, the recruitment of child soldiers by the Taliban and physical attacks on the women and religious minorities. Are any of our programs really addressing the root causes of this kind of violence and abuse? Are there things we should be doing differently to more effectively reduce these horrific situations?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. Ambassador Olson, I want to turn for a moment to Pakistan's blasphemy laws. As you well know, these laws are widely used and have long been a source of deep concerns to international rights organizations and others as they sometimes are used to settle feuds, grab land, or persecute religious minorities by making false allegations. It seems impossible to change or repeal these laws, and, in fact, the Governor of Punjab Province sought to make it more difficult for false cases to be registered, and he was assassinated by a bodyguard, a murder that was celebrated by the public who was opposed to changing these laws.    Is there anything we can do? Are there any incremental changes that can be made to these laws that would improve the situation as this continues to be the source of some very serious both human rights violations and rule of law violations?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. And I yield back.