    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    An interesting discussion about Guantanamo, and I absolutely--in my home area, we have the largest Federal prison ever. And I would just suggest to you, when you detain these folks, whether it is GTMO or in the U.S., that is the issue, that is going to be the issue to the bad guys and their associated friends and fellows. So I think it is, I agree with the general, when you bring them back to the U.S., as a former law enforcement, it just creates a whole bunch of other issues that we have not had to deal with when they are held at     The one thing that I am struggling with was the President's request for an authorization, and you hit it on the head, General, is a clear, comprehensive strategy. And what would that look like? I guess that is where I am struggling. What does a clear, comprehensive strategy look like in regards to dealing with the issue that we have in front of us? Because, you know, we had the King of Jordan here. And his comprehensive strategy is, you can't just look at ISIS or ISIL. You have got to look at across the world in regards to Islamic extremism.    General Flynn. So, I mean, we talked about this business about clearly defining the enemy and making sure that it is comprehensive. And I think that those are sort of two parts of this. And you have just addressed, certainly, the second one. I think the third one is that we have to really take a hard look at how we are organized as a nation to deal with the sort of the tactical problem of what is happening in Iraq and Syria. But we also have to look at how we are organized as a nation to deal with the wider longer-term problem of this radical version of Islam.    Now, that is, you know, specifically, it is the Department of Defense. It is the, you know, the Department of State, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Intelligence Community as it supports our national interest. And then I think we have to look at how we are organized internationally. And I have really, you know, I use the NATO model, you know, as a model, although it has got its, you know, shortcomings, but we need to have some sort of Arab-world NATO, if you will, like structure, and not deal with each one of these countries as though they are individual countries dealing with individual problems. They are all dealing with those kinds of problems. And I think that we do need to put somebody in charge of it. I think that we need to put, designate someone in charge that has not only the backing of this country and a full line of authority from the President of the United States to execute authorities, and it is probably civilian-led, but it is just somebody with that kind of, you know, gravitas, I guess, but also internationally accepted to run this sort of campaign.    Now, should it be somebody from the U.S.? I believe it should be somebody from the U.S. It doesn't need to be, doesn't mean that we have to have large numbers of boots on the ground. It just means that we have to come together, organize ourselves first, make sure that we are organized correctly internationally, and then make sure that somebody is in charge of this effort, and then, frankly, tell the American public that this is going to last for generations. I mean, this is not something that is going to go away.    Mr. Nugent. To the other panelists.    General Flynn. And the AUMF is not that. It is only a component of it.    Mr. Nugent. And that is, I think, the mistake that people think that the AUMF is the comprehensive strategy. It is just part of the toolkit in regards to it.    The other panelists, in regards to a comprehensive strategy, do you think today, today, at this point in time, that we have a comprehensive strategy? Today.    Mr. Lynch.    Mr. Nugent. I appreciate that.    Mr. Nugent. Absolutely.    Mr. Nugent. Mr. Braniff.    Mr. Nugent. We don't have a comprehensive strategy though today. Do you believe----    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Langevin.