    Mr. Lujan. Thank you very much, Chairman Pitts. And I appreciate you and the ranking member and all the members of the subcommittee for allowing us to be here today for this important conversation.    I am pleased that, today, the committee is considering H.R. 556, the Prevent Interruptions to Physical Therapy Act. Physical therapy.    Congressman Bilirakis and I introduced this bill in the previous Congress and again at the beginning of this Congress because, under current law, physical therapists are not allowed to enter locum tenens agreements. The physical therapy act changes this by allowing physical therapy practices to hire a qualified locum tenens physical therapist to treat Medicare patients during an absence by one of the practice's regular physical therapists.    For many seniors, physical therapy services provide a path to restore mobility after an injury or a medical procedure and a way to restore function and return to the activity level that they have long enjoyed. With the help of their physical therapists many patients are able to recover and continue to live independently with a higher quality of life.    There are times, however, when physical therapy services can be interrupted due to the provider having an illness, taking a vacation, maternity leave, or continuing their professional education. In other words, Mr. Chairman, you know, life moves on as well; but, unfortunately, physical therapists aren't able to try to bring in some of their peers to provide coverage, like doctors, osteopathic physicians, dental surgeons, podiatrists, optometrists, or chiropractors.    These interruptions can easily be handled by entering into what is called a locum tenens agreement with another qualified provider. Under these arrangements, the regular provider is able to bill and receive payment under Medicare part B for the locum tenens provider services as if they had performed them themselves. The locum tenens provider is compensated directly by the practice of the regular provider.    These arrangements are common and extremely beneficial to patients and providers alike as the relationship between the patient and the practice is continued by another licensed, qualified provider during their short-term leave. Especially in isolated rural areas, a locum tenens provider can keep a small medical practice open to serve patients who would otherwise have to travel long distances to another provider. By hiring a locum tenens, a provider is able to ensure that their patient care does not lapse.    The Senate companion bill was voted out of committee in June, and I am pleased that our bill is before the committee today; and I look forward to the testimony and questions about this commonsense legislation.    And, again, I want to thank Congressman Bilirakis for his leadership. It has been a pleasure and an honor to work with him on this important issue.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Lujan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, in June, the Congressional Budget Office provided a score to the Senate companion of the Prevent Interruptions to Physical Therapy Act as amended by the Senate Finance Committee. In determining the cost for the bill, CBO raised questions about increased utilization and suggested that locum tenens would result in a cottage industry. Fortunately, Senators Grassley and Casey, who are the lead sponsors of the Senate bill, wrote a letter to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services asking if there was data to support CBO's assumptions.    CBO responded, ``CMS does not have evidence indicating that locum tenens, as used by physicians under current law, has led to a general increase in utilization of services, or that the industry practices generally lead to provision of unnecessary services relating to the use of locum tenens, or that the use of locum tenens under current law in the Medicare program is generally inappropriate, wasteful or fraudulent.'' I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the letter from Senators Grassley and Casey to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the response from HHS to both Senators Grassley and Casey.    Mr. Lujan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norby, you know, I had the honor, I guess you could call it, of getting to see firsthand the work of physical therapists and the benefit of therapy. In the early 1990s, I was sadly the victim in a head-on car accident with a drunk driver, and it was physical therapists who once the docs on the other side gave me the release that really put me back together, if you will, from being able to move, and being able to just walk around. So I just want to say thank you to you and to everyone we had the honor of working with.    As you know, the locum tenens agreement is a longstanding and widespread practice for physicians to retain substitute positions in the professional practices when they are absent due to illness, pregnancy, maternity or paternity leave, jury duty, vacation or working to continue their medical education. This makes it acceptable for the regular physician to bill and receive payment for the substitute physician services as if they performed themselves. Physical therapist practices are similar to physician practices and like physicians, there are times when a physical therapist practice owner must be away for a short period of time. Under current law, physicians, osteopaths, dental surgeons, podiatrists, optometrists, and chiropractors can navigate these circumstances easily by entering into a locum tenens agreement with a qualified substitute provider.    What options do physical therapy private practitioners currently have when they need a physical therapist to fill in? And I think you went over this quite substantially. You have already addressed the timeframe that it takes. Do you feel there is an opportunity for fraud and abuse if physical therapists in private practice are included as providers at locum tenens?    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that. You addressed the other questions that I had which are, what are the potential setbacks to patients and clients? I can attest that if there was an interruption of me being able to go to the therapist at that time, I can't imagine what would have occurred. So when we are talking about our parents, our grandparents, loved ones, constituents, it is important that they have the continuity of care. So thank you for being here today.    Dr. Gould, I want to thank you for sharing a little bit of the unfortunate loss of your parents to cancer. I sadly lost my father to cancer a few years ago, but what you are testifying to today is very important, the legislation that both Congressman McMorris Rodgers and Congressman Israel have put forth is something that I am definitely very interested in. And I appreciate what you said when asked the question about the two programs: One is not necessarily better than the other, they both have different trajectories, different projects, different approaches, to making sure that we can provide the best care.    Is there, in your mind, a professional opinion, sir, that maybe both programs could operate parallel to one another because of the focuses that they would both bring?    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that, sir. And Mr. Chairman, I know my time has expired, but Ms. Myers, for traveling all the way from Oregon, thank you so much for taking the time. New Mexico, like Oregon, is a very rural State. It takes 8 \1/2\ hours to drive across my congressional district. And so it is not just a matter of the testimony that you are bringing today of the information being on paper, it is the sheer geography with physicians driving 2 and 3 hours to get into some of these communities. So thank you very much for what you are doing. I appreciate the work of Mr. Walden in this area, and I look forward to working with him and yourself, Mr. Chairman, and our members on this issue. Thank you very much for the time, sir