    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I will be brief. I will just say that I appreciate you having this hearing to the panel members that are here. You know, what brought this about for me was, as a Member of the Florida delegation, going to law school at the University of Miami and getting to meet some of the constituents or some of the citizens that lived down there and coming to recognize that as naive as I was at that point, that a lot of the people that I met were actually people that lived in Cuba, that left--that the ranking member was speaking of--thinking that some day, some day soon after they left Cuba, that they would lock their doors and that they would be back relatively in short order.    And it just dawned on me talking to these people, who are a little bit older now, that they really believe something that if that would happen to American citizens, something so fundamental that you owned this property or you owned this business, and for whatever reason, you had to leave, and you turned around and locked the door behind you thinking that I will be back in a couple of days or a week or at the most, you know, a month, but that that which I built, that which I owned, something so dear to us as Americans as our property rights, would be mine again. And to have that decades, decades go by, and to not be able to return to that which is rightfully yours, for us to say that we are going to ease restrictions in Cuba and not follow the law, as Mr. Duncan referred to the 1996 Libertad law, I think would be unconscionable and something so unfair as we know it as Americans is to deprive people of their rightful property.    And a lot of people, even people on my side of the aisle, sometimes say: What is the difference between Cuba and China and other Communist countries that we do business with? I mean, after all, it has been a long time. Let's just forget about it and move on.    The difference is that I have constituents, people that are alive and well, that owned property in Cuba, that left, that live in the State of Florida, that belief that our Government will take care of them, that are citizens now, but when they ease restrictions with Cuba, that when we do that as a government, we are going to follow U.S. law, and we are going to demand that this President first recognize by forcing the Castro regime to recognize the property rights of those people that are still alive today, living in Florida, that are constituents, and that it is our responsibility as their elected officials to make sure we follow the law.    So when people ask you, ``What is the difference between China and other Communist countries that we do business with and Cuba?'' the difference is, is that they are our constituents, and we owe it to them to enforce the law, to follow the law, and to live the American spirit, which is property rights. That goes back to our very founding. And if we don't do that, then we are, I think, neglecting the very fabric of what this country is.    So I really appreciate as we--as this administration decides to move forward in easing restrictions, if they are going to do that, the very first step in making what past wrongs there were right would be to make sure that our constituents in the State of Florida and across this country are made whole again by that which was taken from them, their property in Cuba.    So, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, thank you for letting me sit in today. I appreciate you hearing this bill.