    Mr. Turner. Mr. McLaughlin, Ambassador Crocker, thank you for being here.    Ambassador Crocker, I appreciated your briefings that I, too, received in Iraq when you were there, and I appreciated your dedication. Your written statement is incredibly helpful. I mean, there are three things that I think are points that need to be emphasized: And one is that when you left Iraq in 2009, that you could never have imagined how it looks today, even in your worst nightmares; and two, you state further on in that paragraph, on page 2, ``Withdrawal of our forces and a virtual end to sustained political engagement in Iraq after 2010 did not end the war. It simply left the field to our enemies.''    And then you end that paragraph with, ``This is an unacceptable threat to the United States national security.'' I think that is why everyone is so concerned is because of the clarity of that this is, in fact, an unacceptable threat to our national security.    Now, there are three things that we could debate that I think would be meaningless debates, and one of which is whether or not we use the word ``Islamic'' extremists or ``Islamic'' terrorists. I think ISIS and ISIL resolves that for us. The ``I'' in ISIS and ISIL is Islamic.    The debate on the issue of refugees should really be a debate about the fact that the failure of our policies has resulted in these refugees because they are not safe at home. It is not the issue of our compassion to those that flee the Syrian regime and flee ISIS, because neither of them have compassion for them and are trying to kill them. The issue is how do we have compassion for them to provide safety in the area of Syria and Iraq and stability where they can stay at home.    And another debate I think that is meaningless is the issue of boots on the ground or not on the ground, because that somehow has become a threshold litmus test of whether or not you have a correct policy. The correct policy is having a policy and a strategy for defeating ISIS and ISIL.    And so I am going to turn to you and your great expertise, in the time that you spent in Iraq. I appreciate the comments that you have made. But in order to determine boots on the ground or not boots on the ground, we have to have a strategy. You certainly indicated it is going to take diplomacy. I agree. I think Secretary Kerry should go and do as you have said and dedicate himself to this.    But there does have to be a military component. And what are some of the elements that you would see, sir, in that military strategy? Because I think there is great frustration in the American public as we hear that there are attacks now happening to ISIS and ISIL training camps, that we have known where they are, but no one is attacking them. Logistic supply lines, sales of oil, other, you know, operations of ISIS and ISIL are going without challenge.    So clearly, the strategy that we are doing is not working, and is threatening our national security. What are just some of the basic elements that we are not doing that you believe should be that overall military strategy as policy elements? Mr. Ambassador.    Ambassador Crocker. Thank you, Congressman.    The two that I think are important for us to do and do swiftly is, first, amp up significantly the air campaign against Islamic State. Paris changed a lot of things, and I think it should certainly change how we look at a target list. Let's look at it again. If there are key facilities for Islamic State that we have identified, we need to go nail them. And, again, money counts.    I hope that we are significantly ramping up an effort to figure out how they are making it and cut it off, whether that is politically or militarily inside Iraq or inside Syria. They are making a lot of money out of oil. Well, they have got to move the oil somehow. We should be able to figure out how and just absolutely stop it.    The second thing, as I suggested, is the establishment of no-fly and safe zones. And I don't mean to be glib about this. I mean, there is risk associated with that. There is cost associated with it. I am in the enviable position for the first time before this committee where I am not responsible for anything, but you are. So these are thoughts.    But I think that the establishment of no-fly and safe zones could bring in our Arab and--or Jordanian and Turkish partners in a way they are not engaged now, including with the possibility of a ground component. It could set the Russians back, getting at the Congresswoman's question. It would be fundamentally a military step, but it would have political significance.    Both of these together could then change the political environment we are looking at now that might make a political approach that is hard to imagine imaginable.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Walz.