    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thanks for being here. I also want to extend sincere thanks for your service at a really crucial and difficult time in our history. Thank you for that.    I want to talk about Iran and where we stand at the moment. I first want to follow up on Mr. Smith's comments from earlier. I am grateful for the way that you speak up about the Americans who are being held, and I just would implore you to continue to turn up the pressure.    In my case specifically with respect to my constituent Robert Levinson, one of two things, it seems, are going to happen over the coming months. Either negotiations will succeed and there will be some agreement on the nuclear issue or we are going to have to figure out how to deal with Iran's other despicable behavior when negotiations fall apart. Either way, pressure will significantly decrease on Iran to cooperate on the case of Mr. Levinson.    On March 9, Mr. Secretary, Bob Levinson's family will mark the 8th anniversary of his disappearance. You will meet your Iranian counterparts many times between now and then and now and the end of March. And I thank you for raising it, and I implore you to continue to do so.    Now, with respect to where we stand, you asked us not to prejudge. I don't think that we need to prejudge, but I think it is only fair to be able to comment on media reports about where this may be headed, particularly since often--let's be honest--a lot of the reports include information that comes from the administration. So given that, just a couple of points.    On enrichment, you had said earlier that you came and sat before our committee as others suggested the JPOA might not work. But, also, if I recall, at that hearing, with respect to enrichment, in the JPOA, it referred to a mutually agreed-upon level of enrichment, which you suggested might well be zero. It is not just actions taken in prior administrations. The U.N. seven times in security resolutions suggested that there would be no enrichment.    So the frustration that some have when you look at a deal that may ultimately include as many as 6,000 or 7,000 centrifuges is trying to understand why Iran would need that many, since currently there is one nuclear reactor that is fueled by Russian fuel. They can't use any of the uranium they are enriching to fuel that reactor. There is just some concern about how we have gotten to that point. That is number 1.    Number 2, when you talked about Iranian compliance with the JPOA, you said that the IAEA has certified that they have complied in every way, but Deputy Secretary Blinken testified just last month that there were situations that we believe were violations of the JPOA. I would like to know what those were and what it says about Iranian intentions for a long-term agreement if they are already violating those terms.    Next, on the issue of PMD, also the IAEA there published 12 sets of questions about Iran's past work, and Iran has only partially tackled one of those issues. Again, as we look toward a potential agreement, how can we be assured that Iran will comply with it if they are not willing to come clean on what they have done in the past?    I would ask if you can confirm that any deal can only be agreed upon if it provides for anytime, anywhere, inspections.    And, finally, for me and for a lot of us here, most importantly, the role of Congress, you had said yesterday on the Senate that, of course, we will have a chance to review it and we will have a vote because a vote will be necessary to ultimately terminate sanctions. That is clear to us. I appreciate you saying it.    If you could speak to Congress's role going forward and answer also whether you believe we should start talking now whether there is a role for Congress to play in talking about what would happen in the event there is a deal and in the event that Iran violates the terms of that deal. Would it be helpful for Congress to work with the administration to lay out specifically what the ramifications would be in that instance?