    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for their courtesies. This is a committee that I hold very dear as a very important responsibility. I thank both of you for your very, very astute leadership on this hearing and the hearing that we may have afterwards, which I hope I will be able to attend after another hearing.    Let me also thank the witnesses for their service, certainty the representative from the GAO, for constantly providing us a flashlight to be able to ensure and to correct and to keep the American people secure.    Let me thank all of those who are part of the Homeland Security team, Transportation Security Administration. Many of you know my great admiration for the thousands upon thousands of TSO officers that put their lives on the line in the Nation's airports to save our lives. So I want them to know how much I appreciate them.    I want to acknowledge the shooting and the loss of life of the TSO officer in Los Angeles. We went out to Los Angeles in the last session.    Let me offer my concern and best wishes for a speedy recovery for the TSO officer at the Louis Armstrong Airport in New Orleans.    So, let me proceed with a series of points, and maybe I will--let me just make this point, and then my colleagues should hear my point. This is a team effort when we talk about securing the airport. I am constantly frustrated, and I understand local government, but I do believe this is going to require a Federal sort-of engagement and setting protocols. There is not enough coverage of the TSOs officers of armed personnel which in this instance, are our local law enforcement as hired or dictated to by the local airports.    The first news report came out that it was a TSO officer, you might have heard it, that shot the perpetrator at New Orleans who had a machete and something else, endangering the lives of passengers. Not understanding what their intent was, not knowing whether to classify them as a terrorist or deranged individual. It was the brave acts of a local law enforcement, so I believe, and will be raising this question, of the protocols to be established in airports across America, there is not enough coverage. The airport management, they save money. Cities save money by not having the appropriate armed law enforcement present.    Let me ask the question to Mr.--if I might--to Mr. Fletcher. Are your TSOs armed?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Approximately how many do we have across America, just approximately?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you for that, because I am much happier and feel much safer in spite of some of these downfalls, than I was in pre-9/11. So I appreciate that. So, they are not armed, but they are monitoring some of the world's largest airports, is that not correct?    Ms. Jackson Lee. We, I believe without giving any Classified information, knowledge is, that still one of the more attractive targets of terrorists are airplanes, airports, and transportation modes. Is that a general assessment one can make?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So in America, with our effort to secure, we have TSOs. We don't have any consistent understanding of what the armed presence is. When I use the word armed, I am going to be very careful to make sure that I am talking about local law enforcement, and not military.    So, let me jump to this point of the situation of going with the TSO that knew that there was a person that was convicted of domestic terrorism. What was the basis of the supervisor who the TSO came to saying, it is all right, let him through?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So. I would make this point: Training has to be crucial. If the TSO had the authority, you seem to suggest that person did, they didn't use it. Then you have a training problem. One, in terms of the TSO's knowledge of what their opportunities and obligations and authority is, and then the supervisor, rightly so, that was approached by the TSO, gave the approval of them going through. I don't know, is it in the Inspector General's report as to why the supervisor, if you will, allowed the person to go forward? Anyone?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Right, but that is an increase. This person decreased it by telling the TSO, let him walk on through. Let me finish because my colleagues have been very generous in their time. I want to emphasize that we have a double issue here in protecting the perimeter of the security checkpoint, where a person may need to be stopped, and may be agitated, and I am not suggesting a pouncing of law enforcement on our travellers. Let me be very clear. But I am suggesting that we need to protect our TSO officers. We have been very fortunate. We have one too many incidences, and if the reports are accurate, and I think you announced this report, the number of guns that are stopped at the security checkpoints are more than we might imagine. So, I think that is something else that we need to complement the issues of training.    The other thing that I would like to offer to my colleagues is that I have introduced the No Fly for Foreign Fighters legislation which would appropriately be in this committee. I would like to have that bill presented to both the Chairman and Ranking Member of this committee to give you extra help on a list that is extremely screened or scrubbed to make sure that you have the most current individuals on that No-Fly list, particularly those who are foreign fighters. I hope that the agency will review my legislation because I am looking for tools that will help TSO officers do their job. I think there are two elements of weaknesses. One, when a TSO attempted to do the right thing, and a supervisor pushed him on, and then the issue of security around the perimeter.    So, I thank you very much. If I might, I thought I had the bill to put into the record, but I see that I don't. But I also will just get this in writing. I understand that we moved to expand TSA PreCheck and we used a pay process. Of course, they are vetted, but you allow people to pay for that. I would like to get a report on whether or not our vetting is extensive on the paid process, more extensive. I yield back, and I thank the Chairman and Ranking Member.