    Admiral Whitney. Good morning. Chairman Wittman, Ranking Member Bordallo, and distinguished members of the House Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify about the naval shipyards' critical role in meeting the Navy's operational requirements.    I am privileged to have worked in and around the naval shipyards for over 20 years. This includes the honor of having been the commander of a naval shipyard.    Today I am before you representing the more than 33,000 civilian and military dedicated and patriotic professionals who give their life every day to serve our country and fix our ships.    These heroes come to work, put on a hard hat and safety shoes, and stand ready to service our great Navy, any time, any place, to ensure our sailors are always ready to stand the watch.    Today I am prepared to discuss the challenges that this workforce faces to improve performance and reduce the maintenance backlogs at the naval shipyards that have prevented us from getting back to the fleet the ships that they urgently need, as well as discuss the initiatives that we are taking to address those challenges.    The workforce at the naval shipyard is engaged. They are tackling the challenges and embracing the improvement initiatives every single day, and they work towards one goal--the successful delivery of ships back to the fleet.    The four public shipyards--Portsmouth, Norfolk, Puget Sound, and Pearl Harbor--are owned and funded by the fleets and operated by the Naval Sea Systems Command.    The naval shipyards ensure that the Navy has the essential and organic capability to perform cradle-to-grave service for our nuclear-powered aircraft carrier and submarines. The workforce provides the services that are vital to sustain the fleet's operational availability and ensure mission success.    The naval shipyards' performance has been challenged in the past 3 years due to increased workload that is coupled by an increased number of new and less experienced workers.    In fiscal year 2014, the naval shipyards executed 4.7 million man-days of workload. This workload has continued to increase through fiscal year 2015 and will increase through fiscal year 2017, likely peaking in fiscal year 2018. This increase has been caused, in part, by the high operational tempo of the fleet and extended deployments that has been described in previous testimony.    The primary solution is to resolve the workload-to-workforce imbalance by increasing the workforce to the right level so that we can have a fighting chance to get the required maintenance completed on time and on budget.    The solution set also includes training and developing the new workforce and its management team, as well as diligently working on process improvement. We will achieve success by utilizing our apprentice programs and other workforce development efforts in conjunction with productivity improvement initiatives.    The challenge of the last 2 years has been hiring to an appropriate level across the naval shipyards. In fiscal year 2013, the naval shipyards had about 29,000 full-time equivalents. With the impact of sequestration, a hiring freeze, and increased workload, accelerated hiring has been necessary.    The fiscal year 2016 budget supports an increase in the shipyard workforce to achieve 33,500 direct and indirect full-time equivalents. In 2014, this number, including private sector partner assistants, was determined to be the appropriate size workforce needed to execute the increasing workload and reset the workload-to-workforce imbalance.    Shipyard availability performance, warfighter readiness, and fleet forward-deployed presence are directly linked to the capabilities provided by the efficient operation of the naval shipyard facilities.    Naval Sea Systems Command continues to prioritize the sustainment and recapitalization of the naval shipyards' infrastructure.    Investments continue to focus on mission-critical facilities inside the controlled industrial area, which primarily include production shops, piers, wharfs, dry docks, and supporting utility systems.    Naval Sea Systems Command is focused on the naval shipyards' information technology systems, as well. These systems are outdated and a challenge to support as we push to new cybersecurity standards.    Naval Sea Systems Command is implementing solutions to the maintenance information systems to address critical cybersecurity vulnerabilities and increase workforce productivity.    Overall, facility investments are prioritized to address the most critical capability, safety, productivity deficiencies associated with these mission-critical facilities.    The hardworking, dedicated professionals across the naval shipyards stand with me to tackle these challenges face-on. Our focus each and every day is to get our Navy ships back to sea when the fleet needs them in support of O-FRP.    Again, thank you for inviting me here today before this committee, and I thank you for your continued and crucial support of the naval shipyards. I will be glad to take any questions that you have.    Admiral Whitney. The role of the naval shipyards' engagement with private sector partners is critical to the success of the shipyards--naval shipyards being able to execute their workload.    Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard and Puget Sound Naval Shipyard both do maintenance on the island of Guam in support of the homeported 688 submarines as well as the SSGNs that come in for voyage repair periods.    So the partnership is critical. And so we need to ensure that when, as we will likely discuss later, the role and the visibility of the total workload, we just need to make sure that that partnership is strong.    Admiral Whitney. No, ma'am.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, ma'am. So the focus of O-FRP is that carrier strike group . And the naval shipyard piece of that equation is to ensure that the aircraft carriers are delivered on time.    The coordination, then, therefore, is to make sure, within the port that we have visibility of the workload and we are partnering in making sure that we are doing this in an aligned manner.    So in order for the total strike group to be successful, we all need to be sharing and aligned in what that workload is and how it is going to be executed. The naval shipyard piece of that obviously therefore is the carrier and the carrier has to deliver on time.    Admiral Whitney. So the impact on the naval shipyards to sequester-level funding would be a repeat of what we experienced previously. We would face likely hiring freezes, we would reduce overtime, we would take risk on material procurements--those things that would ultimately end up in delays to availabilities inside the naval shipyards.    Admiral Whitney. And maintenance, yes, ma'am. The backlog of maintenance would again continue to accrue. So it--we have articulated that before and I would see no reason why the impacts would not be the same.    Admiral Whitney. That would be a hard one to answer. I would take that as a lookup and for us as Navy, too to come back and give you a specific answer on that.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir, agreed.    Admiral Whitney. So, ma'am, that is a great question. So first off is a recognition that the new folks that we are hiring, there is a generational difference in the way that that workforce learns. And so what we are addressing is different ways to train and develop. And there is a subtle distinction between the two.    And where we are at is, whereas in the past the way that the workforce would have learned is more over the shoulder, down on the deck learning how to do the work with an experienced graybeard kind of right behind him helping him, what we are doing is we are creating work environments mock-ups like--as like to the real situation as we possibly can, where it is actually safe to fail.    Learn through repetition. Learn by doing. Learn by actually them doing the work in a learning environment, and then going down and doing the work.    And so it is more hands-on, it is more up front, it is an investment taking them kind of off-line into almost like a boot-camp kind of environment. And we are calling those learning centers.    And each shipyard is sharing lessons learned across the four of them on how they are developing, how they are training these--in these learning centers. And we are seeing positive results.    There are very clear results in each of the shipyards, bright spots as I call them, where the new workforce, when they actually go down and execute work, is executing at decreased durations on the job, high quality, and safety is phenomenal.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, ma'am, absolutely. We have got great partnerships in each of the locations with vocational and technical schools.    The apprentice programs that we have, have great relationships with local community colleges and we are reaching way down into the high school, looking for that vocational kind of aptitude for folks to come on into the shipyards.    For years and years and years, one of the anecdotes was, hey, if you don't do well in high school, you are going to end up in that shipyard. We have completely turned that around to that is a place where you want to go. And the skill sets that we need are evident wherever we are at.    Admiral Whitney. No, ma'am. This is workload related, workload related in each of those specific companies. But we are collaborating.    And so the visibility of the workload in the port is something that we have been working on relatively newly, but definitely diligently over the course of the last several months.    And there are many places where we need the help, so when we were hiring up and are hiring up to that 33,500, that was not to the peak. We aimed below the peak because on the backside of the peak we wanted to be in control of our decline in workload.    And so there was an element of that peak that we needed and still need to continue to work with the private partners on the three availabilities that are going into those--into the private sector and for us, on the aircraft carriers, we have got several HII folks working right now on the Bush at Norfolk Naval Shipyard, and will on the Truman. And also out West, helping Puget Sound on the USS Nimitz right now.    So we have got more work to do, but we are not going to get that workload peak done without private sector help.    Admiral Whitney. That is actually very hard to nail down. But each availability has what we call a critical and controlling path. And predominantly it is in, I will call it a high-skill area. It typically is something that is typically worn from wear. And it varies.    So it is kind of hard to answer that question, but we definitely know, as we develop the work package, to what is going to get worked, we very clearly know what that critical path work is going to be.    Admiral Whitney. Ma'am.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. So, we are, as we ended this fiscal year, we were within 65 people of our goal. And as far as I am concerned, we met our goal.    So, we will be on track relatively easily to meet our goal in fiscal year 2016, which was to get to that 33,500 by the middle of fiscal year 2016, to gives ourselves a little bit more lead angle on the training, and that includes the folks that we lost due to attrition during 2013 in the hiring freeze.    So, we are back on track with that.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. So, operating under a CR for the first 3 months of the year is, I will say it is manageable.    We have good sight visibility of the workload, and what it is going to take to execute that. If we go beyond the December timeframe, then it becomes much more of a challenge balancing the risk associated with the hiring, with overtime, with material procurements as we progress through the rest of the year.    Again, also with an eye towards what is at us in 2017. So, we are constantly evaluating how we are going to execute the year.    One of the fundamental things that we have changed within the last 5 years is, we go through a very purposeful deep dive into what is about to happen in the future execution year.    And we align between NAVSEA as the operator and the fleet on an availability by availability level of detail, and issue a letter to the shipyards with what we call execution guidance.    Anything that kind of causes risk, therefore, in that execution guidance is going to be a challenge, and likely ends up being as a bow wave. And also, a piece of that bow wave, not just the work, but it is the things that are going to be a degradation in performance.    And so, we just--we are okay with the--up to December, but it is going to get very risky after that.    Admiral Whitney. That is a great question. So, the--I will answer it in two different ways.    One is for the four public shipyards, we have very good tools that give us site visibility of our workload.    On a quarterly basis, we sit down, and you may have heard the term, one shipyard, one nuclear shipyard, used before. So, on a quarterly basis, we sit down with that workload and share that with our private sector partners, predominately Electric Boat and Huntington Ingalls. And they come to the table with what is on their plate, as well.    And so, we do get down to trade skill level specific discussions on looking over the future, and what is the opportunity for some workload balancing and sharing.    We have also gone through a very purposeful exercise over the course of the last year, to understand qualifications. So, when somebody is qualified as a welder here, what does qualified for a welder mean, here?    So, we have rectified some of the deltas such that, when somebody shows up, there is not a requalification to our standards thing, there is a--here some interesting and critical safety and environmental issues that might be specific to a location.    But then your tool bag and tool belt, you are down working on the job. So, that is within the naval shipyards, and part of that is the visibility of the workload.    We are evolving into that with the private sector in the surface ship world, as well. And so, that is more work to follow, but that is--we are using the same model.    Admiral Whitney. Sir, I believe we use some of those flexibilities already, and obviously, there is probably more room to use some of those.    Within the constraints of, I will say some existing policies--Navy policies. But--like, for example, the outsourcing of lower-priority work within the naval shipyards. When we have site visibility of where that kind of, I will say that cut line of resources is, that is absolutely one of the levers that we go off and try and pull.    As far as some of the other examples that you got, I think I would take that as a look-up for us to come back and maybe give you some more detail.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. We will take that one.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. Extremely salient point.    So, one of the things that we are doing differently, acknowledging some of that generational difference in the learning is--I will call it a deep immersion. We talked about it a little bit earlier. A place where it is safe to fail.    So, welding is a great example. Where what we would have done previously is a little bit more of that over-the-shoulder learn-as-you-go, we can't afford years for somebody to get that proficient.    The sense of urgency behind what the workload is in front of us, we have to accelerate as much as we can the proficiency and experience of the new workforce that is coming in.    One of the places that we are doing that is what we are calling learning cells, learning centers. It is a off the ship, it is--the best example is actually up at Portsmouth where we took whole tanks from a submarine that Puget Sound Naval Shipyard was dismantling, put them out at Portsmouth, and are using them as real, live examples of blasting and painting.    So new employees are coming in and in real submarine tanks, in real, cramped submarine tanks, learning over and over and over again all of the techniques necessary to be extremely proficient, way quicker than what we would have trained them to before.    Welding is another example. So a combination of virtual welding, which can get somebody who comes off the street and has no idea how to weld, but they can learn pretty quickly with a virtual welder. And then transition into a learning center, where they weld upside down, using a mirror, over and over and over again, in a safe-to-fail environment that is not causing rework down on the deck plate.    So it is an opportunity for us to bring left the timeline for proficiency, but it is somewhat trade-specific. But that is the journey that we are on right now, and it is a recognition that we have to make that investment quickly because one of the things that will keep somebody on the job and in the service is job satisfaction.    That connection to patriotism of getting the job and the job satisfaction of doing it right the first time, that is an intangible that we are counting on.    The other part is acknowledging that as we are hiring, we do see the backside of the peak, and so we are watching that attrition very, very carefully. We have got very good data of the folks that are in the two different government retirement systems. We kind of know what the sweet spot is. And we are also having the very purposeful conversations with the workforce so that we know kind of when they are planning on leaving.    So we are dialing it in very, very carefully to make sure that we are staying in control of it.    Admiral Whitney. So the road work, you are talking about the----    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. So I can get back to you with some specific numbers, but we are absolutely we are absolutely relying and using right now road work, specifically on the aircraft carriers and to some degree on the submarines.    But more so right now, one, because we have got--so we have got one, we have got three aircraft carriers in execution right now, all at the same time, about to add a fourth with the start of Ronald Reagan over in Japan. That is a big chunk of aircraft carrier. At the same time, Huntington Ingalls is stepping into their valley.    Then it becomes a timing to make sure that we can align the timing right and we are working on that every day. So I can take for specifically the numbers for you.    Admiral Whitney. Yes, sir. I agree with that.    Admiral Whitney. Ma'am, that is a little bit outside of my swim lane. I would be glad to take that one for you and we will get you back a specific answer.    Admiral Whitney. Thank you, sir. Honored to be here.