    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Republicans were opposed to a public option. So the CO-OPs were an alternative that was put into this bill. For the past five years Republican colleagues have systematically and deliberately sabotaged the implementation of the Affordable Care Act through phony hearings and frivolous lawsuits and meaningless repeal vote, draconian funding cuts, and in a nationwide smear campaign they have done everything in their power to undermine this landmark law.    The yearly challenges facing the CO-OPs are just the most recent consequence of this destructive Republican agenda.    The CO-OPs played an important role in providing competition. They are community based, non-profit health plans that, first and foremost, exist to serve consumers. If Congress gives them the support they need to get off the ground, they will provide the American people with more choices and help the for-profit insurers keep honest.    But my Republican colleagues have shown they have no interest in making this happen. Instead they have weakened and undermined the CO-OPs at every turn, and now they point the finger at the Administration when they struggle. In 2013, the Republican Congress slashed funding for loans and grants to CO-OPs by nearly two-thirds. These cuts have devastated CO-OPs across the country and prevented CMS from approving dozens of new applications.    Moreover, my Republican colleagues have sabotaged the risk mitigation programs designed to provide the financial stability to insurers, including CO-OPs. In the CR omnibus legislation passed at the end of last year, the Republicans inserted a rider that blocked discretionary money from being shifted into the ACA Risk Corridor Program. As a result, that program has been badly underfunded and insurers across the country have received only one-eighth of what they expected.    Many of the fledgling CO-OPs simply do not have the capital to absorb this unpredictability which contributes to the failures we have been seeing. It is not a problem with CO-OPs. It is a direct consequence of Republican sabotage.    When my colleagues continue to brazenly attack the Affordable Care Act, they refuse to put forward any constructive ideas. This is particularly ironic when it comes to risk management, risk mitigation because based on their past behavior, they should know better.    When the Congress enacted Medicare Part D, we created several risk mitigation programs that are very similar to the ones in the ACA. My Republican colleagues have strongly supported these measures for more than a decade, even longer than many experts believe was necessary to get Part D up and running. It is really a subsidy of the pharma companies.    The result has been a stable program and a stronger market for the Part D plans. In other words, Republicans enthusiastically support risk mitigation, but not when it is part of the Affordable Care Act.    Rather than play Monday morning quarterbacking and blaming everybody but the people who control the purse strings, we should be talking about things we can do to actually strengthen competition. That conversation should examine how we can make the CO-OP Program stronger, and there are some changes we need to consider.    Despite being brand new companies with no existing customer base, the CO-OPs are prohibited from using Federal start-up money on marketing. That makes it nearly impossible for them to compete against some of the most powerful corporations and advertising budgets in the world. We need to fix this and let the CO-OPs operate on a level playing field with the for-profit insurance industry.    And an honest conversation about competition must also include a discussion of creating a public option to compete with private insurers on the exchange. This would place a meaningful check on the insurance industry, give consumers more choices, and reduce the deficit by more than $100 billion.    We spent $480 billion on paperwork last year in the private industry, but do not expect to hear anything like that from my Republican colleagues this afternoon. Instead we will hear more of the same: complaints about problems they have created through their own sabotage and nothing constructive about how to make the system work better.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Dr. Cohen, in my opening statement I suggested that the Republican Congress in 2013 slashed the funding for loans and grants by nearly two-thirds; is that correct?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. So your chance of supporting these CO-OPs was cut by two-thirds.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. And then the risk mitigation, that is, you open the doors of your CO-OP and you look out there and 50 people come in. You do not know what they have got when they come in. You charge them a premium you think is the proper one, but you may have some very sick people; is that correct?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. And so like the drug companies when they started on the Part D, they did not know who they were going to get either, and we set up risk mitigation programs, correct?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. If it cost more than they anticipated, we would support them at least to a certain extent to get through that.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. And so it would be similar to that program in Part D that we put in with the CO-OPs. We gave a pot of money to be used to mitigate any unforeseen kinds of problems that came through the door without them having any way of knowing?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. When did the CO-OPs discover that they were only going to get one-eighth, 12 percent of the money they expected? Was that the 1st of October?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. So when you looked at the books and what had been appropriated by the Republicans, you only had that amount of money, and you announced to them, ``You are only going to get an eighth of what you thought you were going to get''?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. So what happened then is the insurance companies in all the States looked at their reserves and so forth and aid to these CO-OPs, ``You are no longer able to offer insurance because you do not have the proper reserves because you have not gotten from the Federal Government what they promised you.''    Mr. MCDERMOTT. What is the longest standing CO-OP that you have? How long has it been running, two years?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. This would be their second year. So they have been one year in operation. They lost two-thirds of their money in the loans and so forth, and then they lose the mitigation. They are in their second year.    How many years do you think it takes for them to stabilize?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Thank you.