    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Quickly, I want to talk about proxy advisory firms, but I do want a quick clarification. When asked by my colleague from Florida about the Department of Labor and the fiduciary standards and about your involvement and whether the Department of Labor had asked for help, you said, ``We have shared the information.'' Did the DOL actually ask you proactively for that help?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I think so.    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. All right. Because I can share information with a lot of my constituents or share information with kind of anybody and that means I just sent the email or I sent it and I don't where it went. Do we know who it actually went to at DOL?    Mr. Grim. I don't know the details, but I do know that there has been--    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. I am going to do a follow-up written question on that because I would like to know who actually requested it and then who sent it and who received it. So thank you.    The two largest proxy advisory firms together control about 90 percent of the proxy advisory industry. In your opinion, do you believe the SEC's rule adopted in 2003 which permits an institutional adviser to rely on an ``independent third party'' is still appropriate, given that statistic?    Mr. Grim. The Commission and the Division have been very focused on proxy advisory firms. In recent years we had a roundtable, not too long ago, where we brought in different stakeholders to share their views, and got a lot of good public comment. And subsequent to that, staff in my Division, as well as staff in the Division of Corporation Finance, sort of jointly put together a staff bulletin on some of the issues around proxy advisory firms.    The focus of that guidance has been on a couple of different things. One is that the proxy advisory firms that you mentioned, how they disclose their conflicts. And then another piece of it is how investment advisers who use proxy advisory firms oversee those proxy advisers.    Mr. Huizenga. Could you explain how? Because I got a quote in here, so from that bulletin, I believe, you are talking about in considering whether to obtain the assistance of a proxy advisory firm, an investor adviser should ascertain the proxy advisory firm's ``capacity and competence to adequately analyze proxy issues,'' and ``identify and address any conflicts of interest?''    Exactly what does that mean, though? What do you mean by that?    Mr. Grim. I think there have been concerns expressed about investment advisers completely outsourcing to these proxy advisory firms their proxy voting responsibility. And I think the point of that guidance is to provide SEC staff views on what advisers should be thinking about should they choose to employ a proxy advisory firm.    Mr. Huizenga. Do you clearly do that, though, in that bulletin? That seems to have brought some question to that.    Mr. Grim. I think it is pretty clear.    Mr. Huizenga. Clarity is in the eye of the beholder? All right.    Mr. Grim. Yes, right.    Mr. Huizenga. And do you believe that the independence of a proxy adviser is also important for an investment adviser to consider when considering whether to obtain the assistance of a proxy advisory firm? There has been a lot of debate about these firms and their inherent conflicts of interest, as you have kind of been pointing out, and are you concerned that it is not appropriate for investment advisers to use these proxy firms as independent third parties when developing recommendations for their proxy voting?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I think it is, as that guidance that we are talking about pointed out, I think it is important that with respect to proxy advisory firms they provide good disclosure about material conflicts that they have.    Mr. Huizenga. So do you believe the SEC needs to provide greater clarity on what it means to be an independent third party?    Mr. Grim. That is something that we are studying. We just went through the first proxy season subsequent to the issuance of that guidance, so I think we are studying that and the impact of the guidance, and we will decide from there whether more needs to be done.    Mr. Huizenga. What is sort of the timeframe then for that analysis? Because, again, that does get to the lack of clarity or clarity as to what an independent third-party proxy is and those definitions. So what sort of timeframe is that on?    Mr. Grim. It is something that people are focused on right now. Hard to predict when that analysis will be finished.    Mr. Huizenga. Is that weeks or months or years?    Mr. Grim. It is hard to say. I would hope not years. But beyond that, it is hard to say.    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. Thank you.