    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate being recognized and I appreciate the testimony of the witnesses.    I want to start out and say I am completely convinced all of your hearts are right. And we will make that point first, but then I want to put a little piece of history in. We always have to do that for our own locale and point out that the Iowa Legislature was the first state legislature to accept the provisions of the original Morrill Act. They did that on September 11, 1862. And they would have been the first designation of a state agriculture college had it not been for K-State, bumped us on the third turn and slipped in ahead of us.    So we pay attention to land-grant colleges and know what it means to have the resources. I would prefer that they were based on the land, especially when you are focused on agriculture, rather than on the cash that came with the 1890 version. However, that is where we are today and land is a lot harder to come by, so I don't see any reason to try to change that. It is just, I notice the distinction.    And I wanted to point out also that listening to the spirit of this discussion here, that the inner cities in America are a disaster. Anything that we look at from the data out of the inner cities, especially young men, especially young African American men, it is a resource to this country that we have just not figured out how to mobilize. We haven't figured out how to lift them up and get them into the flow.    And I say that because the next statement I want to make is, and I would sense this from Dr. Bell in particular, but the rest of you, the very best place in the world to raise a family is on a family farm. And if we are going to do good things to help our society to go in the right direction, then for me, if we can get people going to the farm and raising their families there, they learn about the whole spectrum of life, the cycles of life of livestock from birth to death, to, we call it now harvest rather than that other word that seems to be abhorrent to people in the inner city, and it is what I grew up all around and had to wash it off my hands afterwards. But, all new wealth comes from the land. And we can trace every dollar right back to that soil.    So this is inspiring to me in these ways. But I am getting to a but. And it is this, that I have a deep conviction and strong support for Ward Connerly's Proposition 209 in California. I have invested a significant amount of my legislative time in that and succeeded to a degree, in fact, in conflict with the current Secretary of Agriculture, Secretary Vilsack. But I would point out for this Committee what that proposition is, and we haven't had discussions in a long time on that. And it says this: The state, meaning the State of California, that was a constitutional amendment, the state shall not discriminate against or grant preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public education, or public contracting.    Now, that language of race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin is lifted exactly out of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, and I support it 100 percent. It is the right thing. It is the right thing for us to pour forth all resources and all constitutional focus and all statutory focus to provide equal opportunity.    And so my question, and I would start first with Dr. Bell, is this an equal opportunity bill before us or is it a preferential treatment bill before us?    Mr. King. Excuse me. Could I ask you then, is it your expectation that the scholarships that would be granted in your institution under the foundation of this bill would reflect the diversity within your institution today?    Mr. King. Thank you. I am running out of time. I am sorry.    But would that also be your observation then, Dr. Jackson?    Mr. King. And Dr. Jones?    Mr. King. Then I would point out that in the bill, there are four references here that say, and it is the language that jumped out at me, four references that say young African Americans, four places. It seems to me the bill is more specific to this than you anticipate. And I wonder if you would be open to maybe making a little more specific language here that would allow for more equal opportunity.    Mr. King. Thank you, Doctor. We are out of time. I would point out that the word historical doesn't show up here in these four references that I made. I appreciate your testimony.    I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    In deference to trying to make sure everybody has a chance to talk to you, I am going to be a little tighter on the clock. Ms. Adams, 5 minutes.