    Ms. Lofgren. Well, welcome to the Science Committee, the last place on the planet where we question whether climate change is being caused by human activity.    Mr. Schmidt, it seems to me that the reality of anthropogenic climate change is really impossible to deny by reliable scientists all over the world. People are facing new challenges resulting from the rapid increase in greenhouse gas emissions, heavier precipitation events, consistently higher-than-average global temperatures, warming ocean, rising sea levels, increased incidence of extreme weather, severe droughts, changes in the spread of infectious disease, changes in ocean chemistry, and other ecological and public health impacts. Now, the scientific consensus about the contributions of humans to climate change is overwhelming. However, Dr. Curry and our Chairman appear to deny such consensus exists, and Dr. Curry suggests, ``If humans are not the dominant cause of climate change, then attempts to modify the climate through reducing GHG emissions will have little impact on future climate change.''    Do you believe, Mr. Schmidt, that human activities are the main cause of climate change?    Ms. Lofgren. I would ask unanimous consent that we place in the record of this hearing the report entitled ``Climate Change 2014 Synthesis Report Summary for Policymakers'' from the IPCC. And I would note that contrary to the testimony of one of the witnesses, on page 7 of that report they find that changes in many extreme weather and climate events have been linked to human influences, including a decrease in cold temperature increases, an increase in warm temperature extremes and an increase in extreme high sea levels, and an increase in the number of heavy precipitation events in a number of regions.    Ms. Lofgren. I would also ask unanimous consent that the report entitled ``Climate Change: Evidence and Causes, An Overview from the Royal Society and the U.S. National Academy of Sciences'' be placed in the hearing record and would note that on page 15 of that report they find that lower atmosphere is becoming warmer and moister as a result of human-emitted greenhouse gases. This gives the potential for more energy for storms and certain severe weather events, consistent with theoretical expectations, heavy rainfall and snowfall events, which increase the risk of flooding. And heat waves are generally becoming more frequent trends and extreme rainfall vary from region to region. The most pronounced changes are evident in North America and parts of Europe, especially in winter.    Ms. Lofgren. I--no, the rest of the report, I would need more than my five minutes.    Let me just ask you, Mr. Schmidt, as you're aware, critics of the EPA rule have a sky-is-falling attitude towards actions that would protect the health of Americans and do something about emissions, which I think kind of ignores the fact that the U.S. economy has tripled in size since the adoption of the Clean Air Act in 1975. Concerns are raised that the Clean Power Plan is going to cause residential electricity rates to increase dramatically. Those most in need are going to suffer the most. Is that the case, and how will the efforts to reduce carbon emissions such as the Clean Power Plan affect low-income Americans?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Schmidt.    And, Mr. Chair, my time is expired. I yield back.