    Mr. Green. Thank my colleague for yielding to me--our ranking member colleague. I want to thank all our panelists for being here today, and I look forward to discussing this critical component of our economy.    The electrical system and grid are technological wonders, and the--it is the bedrock of our industrial and commercial and domestic way of life. When folks turn on the switch, they never question whether America's power sector will perform.    In the 20th century, we expanded rapidly, constructing lines and establishing functioning markets. The complexity and vastness of the U.S. utility transmission and distribution system is unmatched across the globe.    In the 21st century, we face challenges and opportunities from a changing marketplace. Traditional utilities face new challenge because the integration of renewable resources, implementing the new environmental regulations built on the rapid expansion of cheap natural gas. Transmission and distribution companies are looking at new dynamics of distributor generation.    Finally, consumers are increasingly savvy and informed about consumption management and household efficiencies. As legislatures, we must provide these constituents the tools required to meet the challenges and capitalize on the opportunities of the new marketplace. Today, it is my hope we can elicit some information that would help us better understand the rapidly changing atmosphere, and assist us in crafting solutions so as to remain innovative, flexible, but 100 percent reliable.    And I yield back my time.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank our panel.    You know, we draft legislation and if it becomes law, it may be 30 years before we go back and visit it. And back yesterday, we had a hearing on oil exports, it is from the 1970s. I know you all have a lot of good suggestions in your remarks about what is going to happen in the electricity market over the next few years in alternative fuels. I just am glad to hear that, you know, my generator I bought when Hurricane Ike was hitting Houston, Texas, in September 2008, that I may have another fuel source from going down and, you know, buying gasoline. And the problem is we haven't needed that generator for 7 years, but--so I have to start it up every 30 days to make sure it doesn't foul up when we need it.    I know that sometimes you are all over the board though on envisioning what may happen with industrial and consumer demand. I know the testimony, and we have seen it, efficiencies, that is part of--should be part of what we do, but at least in my area, and I have east Harris County, we have refineries and chemical plants, they are always looking for ways that they can efficiently run those plants and, you know, as cheap as they can. And some of them probably have cut their fuel requirements over the years because the cogeneration and lots of things, in fact, I don't think we have a chemical plant that doesn't have a cogen facility, but do you expect industrial and consumer demand to increase over the new few years? We can't save our way out of the power.    Mr. Green. Anyone else?    Mr. Green. I only have 5 minutes, so appreciate it.    One of the issues though, and I understand where you are coming from on that, but--is infrastructure. For example, we have--Texas has grown--wind power--predominantly in west Texas, but also on the Gulf Coast. Gulf Coast it is much easier to do transmission to the urban areas, San Antonio, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, whereas west Texas, the ratepayers in Texas to get that spending $5 billion for the transmission. And we are--of course, we have a competitive market in ERCOT that--and we are very proud of that. In fact, whether you are democrat or republican for Texas, we barred our ability--although ERCOT has gone through some tough times, but I think they are back on their feet now, they are much better.    Mr. Ivy, in the sector--the new transmission lines, we--should we be concerned with building more of these intrastate in eastern Texas or interstate?    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it, and I know I am out of time, but in Texas we don't mind selling it to you, we just don't want you to take it from us.