    Ms. Bricker. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and other Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Amy Bricker. I'm a licensed pharmacist and serve as vice president retail contracting and strategy for Express Scripts. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today and share our perspective on competition in the pharmacy benefits manager and pharmacy marketplaces.    Express Scripts is the Nation's largest pharmacy benefit manager or PBM. We provide pharmacy services to roughly 86 million Americans covered by our clients which are large employers, health insurers, labor unions, TRICARE, Medicare, Medicaid, and marketplace plans. Express Scripts employs more than 25,000 hard working dedicated employees nationally. We have more than 2,000 employees in Pennsylvania, and more than 700 in the State of Georgia. Our number one goal is to make prescription drugs safe and more affordable for our patients and clients. Everything we do at the company is aimed at that goal. In a changing system, the demand for pharmacy services and prescription drugs has never been stronger. When used properly, prescription drugs keep patients healthy and costs lower for everyone. As the Subcommittee examines PBM and pharmacy competition, we want to emphasize three takeaways.    First, the PBM marketplace is extremely competitive. Dozens of national and regional PBMs offer payers competing services and products. PBMs compete on price, data analytics, customer service, pharmacy access, clinical support services, and many other factors. Payers have a wide choice of PBMs and use that power to demand favorable pricing and contract terms. Express Scripts is an independently operated PBM. Some PBMs are owned by chain drug stores while others are owned by health insurers. We believe our independent business model provides our clients with a clear choice when choosing a PBM. By operating separately from both the supply chain and the distribution channels, we stand alongside our clients as an independent counterweight in the marketplace.    Second, scale matters. Express Scripts scale allows it to negotiate discounts from drug manufacturers and pharmacies that lower costs for our clients and patients. Express Scripts creates competition by forcing drug makers to compete against one another for placement on planned formularies and to gain market share. In a similar way, Express Scripts creates competition among more than 68,000 retail pharmacies nationwide. We contract either individually with retail pharmacies or through group purchasing organizations called PSAOs which represent networks of pharmacies. Like large chain pharmacies, PSAOs combine the bargaining power of thousands of independent pharmacies when negotiating with PBMs. In fact, the largest PSAOs are as sizable as chain pharmacies.    Under Medicare part D, the TRICARE program and some private plans, we must ensure patients have access to a minimum number of pharmacies within a region. In rural areas, independent pharmacies know that Express Scripts needs them in our network to meet Medicare access rules and thus command a premium. In a changing system, our scale helps drive savings. Brand drug makers may have short term pricing power when bringing a breakthrough drug to market. However, our scale helps level the playing field when a brand or generic competitor merges. Scale also allows us to drive a hard bargain and lower costs for patients, clients, and taxpayers.    In 2014, prescription drug spending grew more than recent years. Much of this grown was driven by an increase in the unit cost of prescriptions, the prices manufacturers charge. But across our clients, closely managed plans spent nearly one-third less per member on traditional medications when compared to unmanaged plans. The tools we use help lower costs for clients and patients. Any effort to undermine our tools will mean higher costs for patients and payers.    The third takeaway relates to independent pharmacies. In a changing system, independent pharmacies are more than holding their own. This is great news. The National Community Pharmacist Association recently published its annual digest, and it contains important data. One, the number of independent pharmacies has held steady over the past 4 years, even with the increasing rate of acquisition of independents by retail chains. Two, over the past decade gross profits have held steady at around 23 percent. And, third, over the past decade, annual sales per store have hovered between $3.6 and $4 million per year.    In conclusion, Express Scripts values our relationships with our pharmacy partners, including independent pharmacies. Without independent pharmacies we could not offer clients and patients a high quality pharmacy benefit. The key lesson of the past 5 years is that effecting change requires stakeholders to work together. Rather than pit one part of the pharmacy against another, we can and must work together to lower costs for payers and improve patient outcomes.    Thank you again for the opportunity to be here today. Chairman Marino and Ranking Member Johnson and other Members of the Subcommittee, I am happy to answer any questions that you might have.    Ms. Bricker. Thank you, Congressman, for the question. High drug prices are not a new phenomenon. We have seen this in, you know, over decades of managing prescription benefits. At Express Scripts, we encourage competition, we believe that competition results in a decrease in drug pricing. Oftentimes when drug prices increase, it's due to a shortage or it's due to a number of manufacturers coming out of the market. And so with competition you see a decrease in price.    We're advocates for biosimilars in technology and in negotiating inflation protection from our brand manufacturers to pass on to our clients, as well as their members. So with that, I understand the need we hear from our plan sponsors regularly about the concerns that they have around increased drug prices and through our tools from a clinical perspective it is our hope to continue to manage that drug benefit in partnership with our plan sponsors.    Ms. Bricker. Our clients demand transparency. I can't speak to, you know, clients that Mr. Balto represents, but the clients that Express Scripts represents, you know, demand transparency. We feel that the additional transparency that is being suggested could be harmful actually to competition, resulting in price fixing and potentially collusion.    Ms. Bricker. Thank you for the question, Mr. Congressman, in Express Scripts we have teams of people dedicated to this very subject ensuring that we are responsive to the marketplace, surveying the marketplace to ensure that our pricing is appropriate for our community and all retail pharmacies. We are updating no less frequently than every 7 days. There are laws on the books and over 20 States across the country that also enforce this very thing. And so Express Scripts is compliant and takes seriously those laws.    Ms. Bricker. So the least frequently that it would occur is every 7 days. We're reviewing it daily. And if there is a dramatic price change that occurs within, you know, prior to that 7 day change, we'll make the change earlier as well.    Ms. Bricker. No less frequently than every 7 days----    Ms. Bricker. But we are looking at it every single day. And so if there is change that needs to be made the following day we will do that.    Ms. Bricker. Directly at the point of sale? As you're standing at the counter the pharmacist is processing the prescription, submitting vital information to the PBM and in exchange roughly 3, 5, seconds they are receiving a response on what copay to collect if any, and what reimbursement they will receive.    Ms. Bricker. We have multiple MAC lists, yes.    Ms. Bricker. So I don't actually know the acquisition cost of any given pharmacy. Our policy is to survey the market based on a number of price points that are available, both confidentially to Express Scripts as well as publicly, and in an attempt to respond in kind to the market. And so it is--we make every effort to ensure that we are reimbursing a fair amount for prescription drugs from a generic perspective.    We have an appeals process, that if we get it wrong a, pharmacy can file an appeal and provide us additional evidence.    Ms. Bricker. No, I have not.    Ms. Bricker. I am not aware of ever making that statement, no.    Ms. Bricker. I am not aware of Express Scripts ever making a statement like that.    Ms. Bricker. Yes, I actually would agree with you. You know, the appeals process is there to ensure that we are responsive to the market.    Ms. Bricker. So scale matters. And, you know, in a free market where you're able to buy in a larger quantity, we've seen this not just in pharmacy but in other aspects in other industries. And, so yes, it would be absolutely detrimental to our plan sponsors to have fixed pricing, if you will. But with that said----    Ms. Bricker. But our MAC is responsive to that very thing. I understand, you know, when I'm establishing MAC that I'm not going to establish MAC for an independent pharmacy the same as that of a large retailer that can purchase the product at, you know, a much more deeply discounted rate. And so it's our attempt to do that.    Our plan sponsors, you know, count on us to keep costs down, and we have guarantees in our contracts. We are obligated to ensure that we're lowering costs year over year for our plan sponsors.    Ms. Bricker. I'm sorry?    Ms. Bricker. Well, I couldn't say that with 100 percent certainty. That's definitely my intent. My intent is to----    Ms. Bricker. You're saying my cost at mail?    Ms. Bricker. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bricker. Absolutely, 100 percent.    Ms. Bricker. A couple of things come to mind. So pharmacies absolutely can join group purchasing organizations and collectively buy drugs, or they can also join PSAOs to have them represent them in negotiations with PBMs. In our contracts at Express Scripts, it's explicitly written, you know, to Mr. Balto's statement, that we prohibit member pharmacy from seeing contract. It's required that the PSAO pass the contract that they have executed on behalf of a member pharmacy to that pharmacy.    So it's important to us to have independent pharmacies in network. We have 25,000 independent pharmacies in network. Just to give context, less than 5 percent of independent pharmacies service a rural area in the United States. These are still very vital. It's very important that those pharmacies stay in business, but they command a premium, as they should, because they're serving a population that no one else is.    Ms. Bricker. At Express Scripts, our mission is to make drugs safer and more affordable. And we welcome in working with you to have a robust dialogue about the entire supply chain from manufacturer to patient. And today, we're focused on, you know, a couple of areas of the supply chain, but we think there's actually an opportunity for us to work with wholesalers, with manufacturers, with PSAOs, with all of the constituents within the supply chain to continue to lower costs for plan sponsors and patients.    Ms. Bricker. We believe that independent pharmacy is viable. We believe that--and we're seeing it in the data. If history is, you know, any indicator of the future, then, no, this industry is quite robust. There are 68,000 pharmacies. That's up from the prior year. NCPA's own data suggest that independent pharmacies are remaining steady and constant.    And so, no, I believe that it's a viable business and one that students coming out of pharmacy schools are entering the business of opening retail pharmacies today because it actually will pay the bills and it's a wonderful career.    Ms. Bricker. At Express Scripts we're committed to making prescriptions safer and more affordable. We stand ready to assist our plan sponsors and their patients in looking into the future to understand where drug pricing is going and attempt to partner with them in innovative ways to make prescription drugs safe, affordable, and accessible. Thank you for the opportunity.