    Ms. Hopkins. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee. My name is Holly Hopkins. I am a Senior Policy Advisor at the American Petroleum Institute. My responsibilities include advocating for and advancing offshore safety.    Following the Macondo incident, I managed two of the four joint industry task forces that were created to make recommendations to further enhance offshore safety. I am also extensively engaged in the development of API standards that promote safe and responsible development of the Nation's offshore oil and natural gas resources.    API has more than 625 member companies which represent all segments of America's oil and natural gas industry. Our industry supports 9.8 million American jobs, 400,000 jobs in the Gulf of Mexico alone, and 8 percent of the U.S. economy. We appreciate the opportunity to participate in today's hearing.    I would like to take a moment to remember the 11 workers who lost their lives on April 20, 2010, as well as their families. These husbands, fathers, sons, and brothers are a reminder that we must continue to improve safety in our industry. While the industry is committed to a goal of zero fatalities, zero injuries, and zero incidents, our industry takes any safety and environmental incident as a call to learn and to improve technology, training, operational procedures, and industry standards and best practices.    Given the limited time for my opening statement, I refer you to my written testimony, which goes into further detail than I will be able to present today.    Immediately after the Macondo incident, the U.S. oil and gas industry launched a comprehensive review of offshore safety to identify potential improvements in offshore operating procedures, equipment, subsea wall control and containment, and oil spill preparedness and response. Four joint industry task forces were formed to focus on critical areas of Gulf of Mexico offshore activity. Teams were comprised of industry expert members at API, the International Association of Drilling Contractors, the Independent Petroleum Association of America, the National Ocean Industries Association, and the U.S. Oil and Gas Association.    Sessions began in early spring of 2010 to provide recommendations to the U.S. Department of the Interior. The joint industry task forces were not involved in a review of the incident. Rather, they brought together industry experts to identify best practices with the definitive aim of enhancing safety and environmental protection. The ultimate goal for these task forces was to improve industry drilling standards, to form comprehensive safe drilling operations, well containment and intervention capability, and oil spill response capability, not only through evaluation and revision of industry guidelines and procedures, but also active engagement with regulatory processes.    Many of the improvements have been made through creation or revision of API global standards. The API standards process is accredited by the American National Standards Institute, and all API standards are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure they remain current. API standards are developed in an open and transparent process, and are the most widely cited oil industry standards from Federal, state, and international regulators.    API has 224 exploration and production standards that address offshore operations. And since 2010, we have published over 100 new or revised E&P standards. Some of the highlights include new documents on deepwater well design and construction, well construction interface guidelines, subsea capping stacks, high-pressure, high-temperature design guidelines, personal protective equipment selection for oil spill responders, and then revised and updated standards on blowout prevention equipment systems, isolating potential flow zones during well construction, remotely operated tools and interfaces on subsea production systems, sub-surface safety valve equipment, and choke-and-kill systems.    The Macondo incident was a tragedy that cost 11 lives, and the result was a call to action to industry to identify and develop multiple improvements in offshore equipment, operating procedures, well design, well control equipment, and overall safety systems. These changes have significantly enhanced the industry's ability to prevent, contain, and respond to any potential incident or spill. These activities have created a model safety program in the Gulf of Mexico and beyond for workers and the environment.    As always, standards and best practices will continue to be reviewed on an ongoing basis in order to protect the environment and promote the safe and responsible development of energy resources that help fuel the American economy. The oil and natural gas industry and the Federal Government have, together, taken great strides to protect workers and the environment to improve the safety of offshore drilling operations. As the co-chairs of the President's Oil Spill Commission said in 2014, ``Offshore drilling is safer than it was 4 years ago.'' The industry stands committed to safe and environmentally responsible development.    Thank you. That concludes my statement.    Ms. Hopkins. So thank you. Yes, I believe that what is important is that the industry has a consistent, predictable, reliable regulatory framework under which to act and to explore for and develop energy and natural resources, oil and gas.    Ms. Hopkins. Certainly. So, one we spoke about, it is in my written testimony, as well, is API updated our BOP standard in 2012 to prioritize consistent procedures, preventative maintenance, inspection, and testing. And BSEE does, in the proposed rule, incorporate, or proposes to incorporate, Standard 53 in its entirety into the regulations. That is one example.    In addition, there are, I believe it is approximately 11 other, or 10 other, documents that are incorporated by reference by BSEE, many of those related to our BOP equipment specifications. So, yes, we have updated and revised many of our documents and created new documents since the incident.    Ms. Hopkins. So the Center for Offshore Safety was developed by the industry for the industry, with the purpose of adopting standards of excellence to ensure continuous improvement and safety in offshore operational integrity. This purpose is being effectively carried out by the COS in its current state. This is self-evident in the tremendous progress and success of the COS----    Ms. Hopkins. As I said, the COS is currently carrying out its mission in an effective manner.    Ms. Hopkins. It is currently working as intended.    Ms. Hopkins. So I might need clarification on your question, but I believe you are asking if API and the industry does do research in these areas.    Ms. Hopkins. OK. It----    Ms. Hopkins. Yes----    Ms. Hopkins. Certainly. API encourages and is supportive of research designed to provide useful and valuable information to regulatory agencies, a response--decisionmakers and affected communities. And, in fact, the industry has and continues to engage with research organizations.    The Chairman. OK, I appreciate that, thank you. Sorry to interrupt.    Chairman Lamborn.    Ms. Hopkins. So, obviously, the rule was just released, published, a few days ago. So we are still currently reviewing the rule and all of its requirements and revisions to changes in the current requirements. There obviously is, as the agency has pointed out, a cost associated with implementing the new proposals. We will also be looking at that economic analysis that they have done, and providing our own information regarding the economics of the rule.    We will be looking at the provisions that they have proposed to ensure that they are provisions that will increase safety, and that they will be of benefit, and not just a regulatory burden, as you mentioned.    Ms. Hopkins. So, thank you for the question. And more extensive details are in my written testimony, but immediately following the incident, the industry formed four joint-industry task forces to focus on operating procedures, operating equipment, subsea wall control and containment, and then oil spill preparedness and response. Each of those four joint industry task forces produced recommendations that were provided to the Department of the Interior. Many of those recommendations were incorporated into the Secretary of the Interior's safety report that was issued at the end of May in 2010.    Out of those recommendations came many revisions, a creation of new documents. So we created a new document on deepwater well design and construction. We created a new document on well construction interface, which is a bridging document between the operator and the drilling contractor. We revised our RP53, as I mentioned earlier, which was originally a recommended practice. We upgraded that to a standard, and that is on blowout prevention equipment systems.    In addition, we have begun revising, and in different stages along that, various equipment specifications on blowout preventers. We published a new document on procedures, and updated that, as well, into a standard at a later date. We put together a recommended practice for protected personal equipment for oil spill responders. So, we have done a number of, over 100 documents have been either created or updated since 2010 in response to this incident, and that was all voluntary.    Ms. Hopkins. The Gulf of Mexico does have a very strong safety--or, I am sorry, the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf and our regulations are a very strong regulatory framework. Many of the regulations are based upon API standards, and many international governments, as well, incorporate API standards into their regulations, as well.    Ms. Hopkins. Unfortunately, I don't have any dollar figures that I can share with you. We know, at least in one instance, for the Marine Well Containment Company that was established, it was a $1 billion initial investment when it was started up. Obviously, that has increased over time.    You do have several million dollars that was spent, or that was budgeted, by the American Petroleum Institute specific to oil spill response studies and research. You also have the creation of the Center for Offshore Safety, and then, obviously, the membership dues are additional expenditures that have been made by the industry to improve safety.    So again, I apologize, I don't have an overall number. But, as you point out, in all of these areas investments have been made and have been----    Ms. Hopkins. Yes.    Ms. Hopkins. So, you know, the industry is committed to a goal of zero fatalities, zero injuries, and zero incidents. And we do believe that the offshore oil and gas industry is safer than it was 5 years ago. That would extend to the Atlantic, considering that the current OCS regulations apply to all of the OCS, not just the Gulf of Mexico, not just deepwater. So, all of the safety improvements that have been made would apply to any activities that were to occur in the Atlantic, and certainly the Arctic, as well.    We do have, very near our shores we see other countries--Canada, Cuba, and the Bahamas--pursuing or considering development of offshore oil and natural gas resources. And rather than sitting idly, and watching other nations secure these benefits, the United States should seize the opportunity and bring economic stimulus to the Atlantic Coast and our own economy.    Ms. Hopkins. Correct.    Ms. Hopkins. So, yes, there have been extensive changes that have occurred in the industry. As you mentioned, the industry came together jointly across all segments, operators, drilling contractors, service supply companies, equipment manufacturers----    Ms. Hopkins. So, as Mr. Williams referred to, the stop work authority and the safety and environmental management systems rule, yes.    Ms. Hopkins. We are always looking to continuously improve safety.    Ms. Hopkins. Yes.    Ms. Hopkins. Well, the API develops standards accredited by the American National Standards Institute. Our process is audited every 5 years by ANSI. It is based on openness, balance, consensus, and so we follow that process to ensure that our standards, and they are regularly updated on a 5-year review cycle, we ensure that those recommended practices, standards, and specifications do keep up with current technologies, and are reviewed every 5 years.    Ms. Hopkins. OK, certainly. So, as I mentioned, the four joint industry task forces were formed. Recommendations were made, both to the government and then within the industry itself. Several, as I mentioned, over 100 API-recommended practices, specifications, standards have either been created or revised since the incident.    In addition to those standards and documents that were created, we obviously created the Center for Offshore Safety, which I will let Mr. Williams speak to, and then, obviously, the containment companies, HWCG and MWCC, and I will let Mr. Coatney speak to that.    Additionally, we did spend a great, as I mentioned, a number of millions of dollars on oil spill preparedness and response--over 25 different work groups were created.    All of that information is available on our Web site. It does include dozens of reports that have been developed on dispersants, mechanical recovery, in-situ burning, all of the different tools in the toolkit related to oil spill response. So a great deal of work has been done to improve safety and in terms of, also, prevention, most importantly, but then containment and response, if we do have an incident.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Williams, look, I only have 13 seconds. So I am going to have another round, I am going to come back. That will be the first question I ask. Is that OK?