    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx.    I join you in welcoming our distinguished panel of witnesses.    The subject of this hearing is extremely sensitive. As ranking member of this subcommittee, I believe that we must raise the level of awareness in our communities and throughout our nation about the seriousness of campus sexual assault and its impact on our victims, both women and men, and their families. These impacts are far-reaching and include poor academic performance, stress, depression, and abuse of alcohol and drugs.    In addition to supporting the victim, we must also be sensitive to the rights of the accused. Institutions of higher education must have processes that ensure fairness in handling the allegations of campus sexual assaults and that campus investigations are consistent with our nation's longstanding principles of due process.    Whatever system is put in place, we must ensure that victims are not afraid to come forward. Unfortunately, many victims are reluctant to report sexual assaults because of shame, or fear of retaliation, or worries about lack of proof, uncertainty that what happened constitutes assault, or possibly because they lack information on where or how to report the assault, and fear of being treated poorly by the criminal justice system.    As a nation, we have made progress towards better understanding and addressing this serious challenge of campus sexual assault. For example, through the development of the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assaults, the Department of Justice's Office of Violence Against Women developed a multiyear initiative to provide support to programs to prevent campus sexual assault and their recent online resource center for changing our campus culture.    In the year 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice also funded a groundbreaking study on campus sexual assault. The findings of that study were staggering. Let me give you some examples.    Among- women in college, nearly 20 percent will bevictims of attempted or actual sexual assault; as well, about 6 percent of undergraduate men. Most victims were violated in their first or second year at college. The majority, 75 to 80 percent, knew their attackers--often a friend, a classmate, acquaintance, or someone they dated.    The study also confirmed that the risk of campus sexual assault for undergraduate women increases greatly with the consumption of alcohol and/or drugs. It is clear, our concerted efforts are needed to deal with these serious issues.    In addition to these federal efforts, I am proud to report that my own home state of Texas is responding to calls of action. Starting this year, colleges and universities are required to inform students of campus sexual assault policies during freshmen orientation. Schools are also required to review and update those policies every 2 years.    Students returning to class at the University of Texas campuses this fall will also be participating in the nation's most comprehensive study on sexual assaults ever conducted in higher education. The Cultivating Learning and Safe Environments case study will be led by researchers at U.T. Austin School of Social Work and will include online questionnaires for students; surveys and focus groups of faculty, staff, and campus law enforcement; and a 4-year cohort study of entering freshmen to identify the psychological and economic impact of sexual violence. The U.T. system is spending $1.75 million dollars on this study.    So I applaud U.T.'s effort to address campus sexual assault and urge other colleges and universities throughout our country to join in the commitment to end sexual violence on their campuses.    In closing, let us renew our efforts to support victims of campus sexual assault. We can't wait for yet another high-profile incident to occur before we address this issue.    I look forward to hearing what recommendations our panel of witnesses may have to reduce sexual assault on our college campuses, and I thank you.    And with that, Madam Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you.    My first question is to Ms. Lisa Maatz.    You state in your statement that you read to us that current law requires schools to respond to campus sexual assault because a student's civil rights are on the line. You also said that a school's civil rights investigation and any law enforcement criminal investigation represent parallel and equally necessary paths.    Can you please explain the parallel tracks of Title IX enforcement interact as compared with criminal investigations? And why is it so important for the victim to be able to decide whether he or she wants to pursue a criminal investigation as opposed to campus disciplinary process?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you.    Ms. Dana Scaduto, you said that colleges and universities are very concerned that despite their best efforts to follow applicable laws and guidance, achieving full compliance is not possible. And you also said proposing--creating safe harbors where colleges are not held liable under Title IX if they can show good-faith efforts to meet the requirements of conflicting provisions.    Can you help me understand how creating such a safe haven would reduce and help prevent instances of campus sexual assault?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you.    Mr. Cohn, time is running out and as I heard your presentation, brought back memories of what is approximately 20 years of service on this committee. Congresswoman Patsy Mink, from Hawaii, led a group of members of Congress to focus on Title IX and there was a mindset throughout the country, especially from some certain states, that wanted--that Title IX removed or weakened so that it wouldn't be a problem for them, their mindset that women were not supposed to have the same opportunities in sports.    Now that we are dealing with this, you talk about allowing schools to set a higher burden of proof in these proceedings could make it more difficult to punish offenders. How does that contribute to making campuses safer?    Mr. Hinojosa. Well, I want to go on record that I disagree with you because the list of universities throughout the country with violations that are under investigation right now has doubled, tripled, and quadrupled. So I think that we really in the Congress need to address this, and be very, very strong--    Chairwoman Foxx. The ranking member's time has expired.    Mr. Hinojosa. I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Dr. Roe, you are recognized.    Mr. Hinojosa. I ask unanimous consent that she be allowed and permitted to join the committee members for today and participate in this important hearing.    Chairwoman Foxx. Without objection, Congresswoman Speier is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hinojosa. Madam Chair, before I give my closing statement, I ask unanimous consent that the following five documents be submitted into the hearing record: number one, the U.S. Department of Education's 2014 guidance on Title IX and sexual violence; number two, U.S. Department of Education's list of higher education institutions with open Title IX sexual violation investigations as of September 2, 2015; number three, U.S. Department of Education's table chart Title IX, Clery Act, FERPA; number four, the letter from the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence; and lastly, number five, the letter from Feminist Majority Foundation. I ask unanimous consent that be done.    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you.    For my closing statement I would like to thank all of our witnesses for spending their time with us at this important hearing this morning.    A combination of publicity and heightened scrutiny is leading colleges across the entire nation to place more emphasis than ever on preventing and responding to sexual assault on their campuses. Sometimes victims of these horrendous crimes do not know who or where to turn because they believe no one will understand them or they believe that reporting a crime could bring them much more harm.    This is why it is imperative that institutions of higher education which deal directly with our students have the resources to provide the victims of sexual assault and the accused with help and comfort so that they and those affected by that crime will fully recover and not miss out on their educational opportunity.    And with that, I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Hinojosa.    Again, I want to thank our witnesses.    I want to thank everyone who came here today.    I especially want to thank our staff for the excellent work done on putting this hearing together.    And in the interest of time at the beginning I did not acknowledge that Dr. Rue is from Wake Forest, which is in my district, and I am very grateful to her and for that wonderful, wonderful institution that is there.    I want to say that I deplore violence of any kind. I don't even watch any kind of movies with violence in them because I cannot abide violence.    And this is a very important issue. It is important to all of us. Again, I have a grandson who went off to college this fall for the first time, so those of us in particular, again, who have children at colleges and universities, but every American, everybody on a college campus deserves to have a safe environment to learn. We want that for all of our students.    And so I believe that today's hearing has brought forth some important information that will inform us as we go forward in the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, and I appreciate, again, the witnesses, my colleagues who came and asked very thoughtful questions, and everyone who is here to learn more about this issue.    There being no further business, the subcommittee stands adjourned.    