    Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I have heard a lot of crocodile tears. Let us get down to the nitty gritty.    You are attempting to do to the ACA what you did to the IRS. You are trying to choke the funding. Let us put it all on the table. That is the bottom line. That is where you are heading.    I have listened very carefully to our astute folks on the other side of the aisle. The health insurance marketplace is rooted in competition. I think you are for competition. That is all you talk about, or do you believe in it?    When the ACA was being crafted some advocated strongly for the public option because I believed, as many others, that would truly drive competition and consumer choice in the marketplace. The public option was not part of the final bill.    It is imperative that local nonprofit insurers continue to be part of the marketplace. In the State of New Jersey our CO-OP, Health Republic of New Jersey, the name of the CO-OP, offers 17 plans on the marketplace in 2016. The CO-OP offered the lowest priced Silver Plan on the marketplace and enrolled over 60,000 residents last year.    New Jersey was unique in that our State has an unusually small number of insurers offering plans. No competition. In fact, when you look through all of the 50 States before the ACA, there was very little competition going on in those States, and we know what the results of it were in premiums and everything else.    Since the marketplace opened for business, new insurers have come into the marketplace, into New Jersey. Five insurers are now offering a total of 59 plans for 2016, and premium increases have been much lower than the average.    So I have got some questions, Dr. Cohen. I am not the grand inquisitor. So I come as a friend. Can you discuss what we have seen on a national scale with respect to competition and choice in the health insurance marketplaces?    Mr. PASCRELL. Thank you.    The Affordable Care Act has been successful, I think, in arming consumers with the tools that they need in order to make these judgments. We want people to go on there, want people to study these different plans because my needs are different than your needs, et cetera.    The designation of the plans by metal and the user friendly interfaces on HealthCare.gov help consumers compare apples to apples when shopping for health insurance.    Dr. Cohen, during the open enrollment period which just started, consumers will be able to do more than compare coverage and premiums between different plans. HealthCare.gov now has a feature that helps people understand out-of-pocket costs.    Mr. PASCRELL. Very concerned about out-of-pocket costs. Can you tell us a little bit about how that works and how you think it is going to improve the situation?    Mr. PASCRELL. Do you think most people understand that when they go to compare?    Mr. PASCRELL. Well, why are we not telling people? Why are we not educating people?    Mr. PASCRELL. Right.    Mr. PASCRELL. Every State had the ability to get money from the Federal Government to educate the public about these changes that have been going on over the past several years.    Our State of New Jersey chose the governor--may I finish my sentence, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. PASCRELL. Thank you.    My State of New Jersey, the governor of that State chose not to take the $7.5 million, which is what it was in New Jersey, to help educate the public. On every turn my friends on the other side of the aisle and their counterparts in State governments have tried to close down the ACA, for the record.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.