    Secretary Kerry. Well, thank you, very much, Mr. Chairman, Congressman Engel, ranking member, all the members of this committee.    In respect of your time, I will try to summarize my comments, Mr. Chairman. I hope I can do it in 5 minutes. Thereis a lot to talk about. And your questions will, needless to say, elicit an enormous amount of dialogue, which I really welcome.    I can't think of a moment where more is happening, more challenges exist, there's more transformation taking place, some of it with great turmoil, a lot of it with enormous opportunity that doesn't get daily discussion, but all of it with big choices for you, for us, you representing the American people, all of us in positions of major responsibility at this important time.    We rose to the occasion, obviously, and we would like to extol it. We all talk about it. I did certainly as a Senator. I do as Secretary of State. And that is the extraordinary contribution of the greatest generation and what they did to help us and our leaders did, Republican and Democrat alike, to put us on a course to win the battle against tyranny, dictatorship, and to win the battle for democracy and human rights and freedom for a lot of people.    And no country on the face of this planet has expended as much blood, put as many people on the line, lost as much of our human treasure, to offer other people an opportunity to embrace their future, not tell them what it has to be. It is really a remarkable story.    And now we find ourselves in a moment where we have to make some similar kinds of choices, frankly. I don't want to overblow it. I am not trying to. But this is a big moment of transformation where there are literally hundreds of millions of people emerging on this planet, young people. Count the numbers of countries where the population is 65 percent under the age of 30, 60 percent 30 and under, 50 percent under the age of 21. I mean, it is all over the place.    And if they live in a place where thereis bad governance or corruption or tyranny in this world where everybody knows how to be in touch with everybody else all the time, you have a clash of aspirations, a clash of possibilities and opportunities. And to some degree, that is what we are seeing today. That certainly was the beginning of the Arab Spring, which is now being infused with a sectarianism and confusions of religious overtones and other things that make it much more complicated than anything that has preceded this.    By the way, the Cold War was simple compared to this. Bipolar, pretty straightforward conversations. Yeah. We had to make big commitments, but it wasn't half as complicated in the context of dealing country to country and with tribes, with culture, with a lot of old history, and it is a very different set of choices.    In addition, that is complicated by the fact that many other countries today are growing in their economic power, growing in their own sense of independence, and not as willing to just take at face value what a larger G7 or G20 country tells them or what some particular alliance dictates. So that is what we are facing.    And I heard the chairman say, you know, we shouldn't compromise the day-to-day operations of the Department, but let me say to you the day-to-day operations of the Department are not confined to making an Embassy secure. We need to do that. But if that is all we do, folks, we are in trouble. We are not going to be able to protect ourselves adequately against these challenges that we face that we will talk about today.    The United States--you know, we get 1 percent of the entire budget of the United States of America. Everything we do abroad within the State Department and USAID is within that 1 percent. Everything. All the businesses we try to help to marry to economic opportunities in a country, all the visas, the consulate work, the diplomacy, the coordination of DHS, FBI, ATF--I mean, all the efforts that we have to engage in to work with other countries' intelligence organizations and so forth to help do the diplomacy around that is less than 1 percent.    I guarantee you more than 50 percent of the history of this era is going to be written out of that 1 percent and the issues we confront in that 1 percent. And I ask you to think about that as you contemplate the budgets because we have been robbing Peter to pay Paul and we have been stripping away our ability to help a country deal with those kids who may be ripe for becoming part of ISIL. We have been diminishing our capacity to be able to have the kind of impact we ought to be having in this more complicated world.    Now, I am not going to go into all of the detail because I promised I would summarize. But I believe the United States is leading extraordinarily on the basis of that 1 percent. We have led on ISIL, putting together a coalition for the first time in history that has five Arab nations engaged in military activity in another Arab country in the region against--you know, Sunni against Sunni.    I don't want to turn this into that sectarian, but it is an important part of what is happening. We helped to lead in the effort to transition in Iraq a Government that we could work with. Part of the problem in Iraq was the sectarianism that the former Prime Minister had embraced, which was dividing his nation and creating a military that was incompetent, and we saw that in the context of Mosul.    So we wanted to make sure that we had a Government that really represented people and was going to reform and move in a different direction, and we worked at it and we got it. We have it today. Is it perfect? No. But is it moving in the right direction? You bet it is.    In Afghanistan, we rescued a flawed election, brought together the parties, were able to negotiate to get a unified unity Government, which has both of the Presidential candidates working together to hold Afghanistan and define its future and negotiate a BSA that defines our future going forward and give Afghanistan a chance to make good on the sacrifices of 14 years of our troops and our contributions and so forth.    On Ebola, we led that fight. President Obama made a brave decision to send 4,000 young American troops there in order to set up the structure so we had a capacity to be able to try to deal with it. One million deaths were predicted by last Christmas at the time that we did that.    And not all the answers were there for questions that were real, but the President sent those people in. We have made the difference. And now there's a huge reduction in the cases in Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, and we are not finished, but we are getting to a place where you are not seeing it on the nightly news every day and people aren't living in fear here that they are about to be infected.    On AIDS, we are facing the first AIDS-free generation in history because of the work that we have done.    On the Ukraine, we have held together Europe and the United States in unity to put in place sanctions. The ruble is down 50 percent. Therehas been $151 billion of capital flight from Russia. There has been a very significant impact on day-to-day life, on food, product availability. The economy is predicted in Russia to go into recession this year. And we are poised yet to do another round, potentially, depending on what happens with Minsk in these next few days.    On Iran, we have taken the risk of sitting down, of trying to figure out is there a diplomatic path to solve this problem. I can't sit here today and tell you I know the answer to that, but I can tell you it is worth trying before you go to more extreme measures that may result in asking young Americans yet again to put themselves in harm's way.    We are pursuing the two most significant trade agreements of recent memory, the TPP in Asia, Pacific, and the TTIP in Europe, both of which represent about 40 percent of GDP of the world, in order to have a race to the top, not a race to the bottom. And if we can achieve that, we will be achieving a major new structure with respect to trade rules on a global basis.    In Africa, we held the African Leaders Summit, an historic summit with more than 40 African leaders coming to Washington, out of which has come a series of events that will help, we hope, to meet our obligation to help transform Africa.    And, finally, on climate--there are other things, incidentally. I am just skimming the surface of some of the most important. I know not everybody here is a believer in taking steps to deal with climate. I regret that. But the science keeps coming in stronger and stronger and stronger.    On the front page of today's newspapers are stories about an Alaskan village that will have to be given up because of what is happening with climate change. There is evidence of it everywhere in the world. And we cut a deal with China, improbable as that was a year ago.    The biggest opponent of our efforts has now stood up and joined us because they see the problem and they need to respond to it. And so they have agreed to target for lowering their reliance on fossil fuel and a target for alternative renewable energy by a certain period of time, and we have set targets. And that has encouraged other countries to start to come forward and try to take part in this effort.    So I will adamantly put forward the way in which this administration is leading. I know not everybody agrees with every choice. Are there places where we need to do more? Yes. And we will talk about those, I'm sure, today. But we need to work together.    I will end by saying that, historically, that 1 percent has produced more than its monetary value precisely because your predecessors were willing to let foreign policy debate and fight become bipartisan. Let politics stop at the water's edge and find what is in the common interest of our country.    That is what brings me here today. That is why I am so privileged to serve as Secretary of State at this difficult time, because I believe America is helping to define our way through some very difficult choices.    And last thing. This is counterintuitive, but it is true. Our citizens, our world today, is actually--despite ISIL, despite the visible killings that you see and how horrific they are, we are actually living in a period of less daily threat to Americans and to people in the world than normally--less deaths--less violent deaths today than through the last century.    And so even the concept of state war has changed in many people's minds, and we are seeing now more asymmetrical kinds of struggles. So I would say to you that I see encouragement when I travel the world. I see people wanting to grow their economies. I see vast new numbers of middle class, people who are traveling. I see unbelievable embrace of new technologies. I see more democracy in places where it was nonexistent or troubled. Big changes in Sri Lanka and other countries. We can run the list.    But I hope you will sense that it is not all doom and gloom that we are looking at. Tough issues? Yes. But enormous opportunities for transformation if we will do our job and continue to be steady and put on the table the resourcesnecessary to take advantage of this moment of transformation.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Kerry. Well, they are legitimate. And the questions have to be answered, and they will be, if they want to have an agreement.    Secretary Kerry. Let me just say, on that centrifuge, when you say ``supersonic,'' they have some advanced centrifuges that do more than the centrifuges they have today. We are well aware of that. We have been tracking all of that.    And, really, there was a misunderstanding of the language in the interim agreement which did allow current testing. There was a question about whether that had been current. We raised it, and immediately, within 24 hours, it ceased. There was no question. And therehas been no further effort on that.    In fact, the IAEA has signed off that Iran has complied with every single component of the interim agreement.    Secretary Kerry. We raised these questions regarding the IAEA, Mr. Chairman. And, as I said, they are going to have to be answered. So that is part of the discussion right now.    Secretary Kerry. All I can say is, Mr. Chairman, I am with you 100 percent on this. I look forward to working with you further. I appreciate your leadership on this issue. You have been a champion of reform on the BBG.    I am absolutely committed to the reform of the BBG. And our next meeting is on April 29. I have had long conversations with our Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rick Stengel, who is very seized with some things we need to try to achieve.    Now, there are two issues here. One is sort of the reform of the BBG, and the second is what we ought to be doing on a global basis with respect to the propaganda that is coming out of Russia.    On the BBG, we have had a slight difference with you on the issue of whether it is improved to have a situation where you have two boards and two CEOs. I think you know I raised that. And, also, I think State, given our engagement with it, needs to be part of that process. I am confident we can find a way to drive this more effectively.    The bigger issue is: What is Congress prepared to do in terms of putting some resources on the line to help us do this? I have found, when I have traveled to the Baltic region or to Poland or to Bulgaria recently and elsewhere, they are just getting flooded with propaganda. And propaganda is exactly that. It is propaganda. It has the ability to affect the minds of those who hear it if they don't hear alternatives.    Secretary Kerry. Correct.    Secretary Kerry. Sure.    Secretary Kerry. Absolutely. Couldn't be a more important topic, and I absolutely welcome the chance to talk about it.    I regrettably can't talk about it as much as I would love to talk about it because we don't have a deal yet. And so I am not going to go into great lengths and detail here for that reason. And I would caution others not to be running around combating a deal that hasn't been made.    Secondly, I will say, Ranking Member, you just said--the language you used was we don't want to see a reduction of these measures that might then permit Iran to go build a nuclear weapon.    Please understand there is no reduction at any time that permits Iran to build a nuclear weapon. Iran is forbidden from building a nuclear weapon. That is the nature of membership in the Nonproliferation Treaty, which they are a member of, and that is the nature of certain responsibilities that you accept in the context of verification and transparency.    Now, I am not going to go into all of that here today except to say to you that, obviously, that has got to be adequate. Unlike North Korea, which is not a member of the NPT, Iran has certain obligations that go forever.    So don't get lured into believing that because something might change or be reduced with respect to, you know, some component they are allowed to do or install, et cetera. Countries that live by the NPT are permitted to have a peaceful nuclear program. That means they can produce power for their nation with a nuclear plant.    Japan has very intrusive inspection, and they enrich and they are engaged in producing fuel and doing their capacity. Now, Iran has already mastered the fuel cycle, folks. They did that a number of years ago.    When President George W. Bush was President in 2003, the Bush administration policy was no enrichment. And Iran went from 164 centrifuges to 19,000 that are installed. And thereis claims of some others being out there, which we are going out. So, you know, they have learned how to enrich. By the way, a different administration had an opportunity to stop them or do something, and they didn't.    So we are where we are today. They know how to do the fuel cycle. And the question is going to be: What restraints can you put on that now in a way that guarantees you that you know they are not going to build a nuclear weapon?    We have said there are four pathways to that nuclear weapon. One is through Fordow. Another is through Iraq. The other is through Natanz. And the fourth is through covert. Covertis hard. That is the hardest.    So we are now negotiating the methods by which we can show that the four paths are cut off and that they are not cut off, folks, for 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years. They are cut off forever, for as long as they are living up to the NPT. And you have to build some process of a knowledge base and of a system that gets you there over a period of time. That is what we are trying to do.    So, Mr. Chairman, today I don't want to jeopardize these talks. I don't want to mischaracterize them in any way. They are tough. They are hard. There are some very big issues yet to be resolved. We are not there. But we are not going to evade in on a piecemeal basis, and we certainly don't think it is appropriate to condemn it before everybody knows what it, in fact, is, if there is an is.    Secretary Kerry. Well, we have sent a lot of different items to Ukraine, actually, over a period of time. We are one of the more significant donors. We have been sending counter-battery radars. We have been sending night vision. We have been sending communications gear, MRAPs. I mean, thereis a long list of items that we have sent.    And, in addition, we have been--let me just run through--we have got about 118 million we have given in training and equipment; 52 million including body armor, helmets, advanced radios, explosive ordnance, disposal robots, rations, first aid kit supplies; 47 million in protective gear for state border guard service, vehicles, up-armored SUV, heavy engineering equipment, thermal imaging, monitoring equipment, patrol boats, uniforms, generators.    And we provided training and equipment to six companies and headquarters elements--that is about 600 personnel--and Ukrainian National Guard, and thereis more. So we have been doing a lot.    I think everybody understands that we are not going to be able to do enough under any circumstance, that, if Russia decides to match it and surpass it, they are going to be able to do it. Everybody knows that, including President Poroshenko.    The debate is whether or not there are some weapons that could be given to them that give them a greater ability to defend themselves in order to prevent the creeping land-grabbing that has been taking place or at least raise the cost. That is a very legitimate discussion.    President Obama has not yet made that decision partly because even yesterday there was a meeting in Paris of the Russian Foreign Minister, the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, and the French and German Foreign Ministers to measure the implementation of Minsk and to see if they can move further. Some weapons have been pulled back. Some troops have been pulled back. Obviously, Debaltseve was the site of a continued battle. That is a violation. There have been many violations of the Minsk cease-fire since then.    So the measurement now is: Are we on a downward track to actually seeing an implementation or is there now a Mariupol or some other effort that may be taking place which would immediately merit a much more significant response, which is teed up? And that could be very serious, next level of sanctions, coupled with other choices the President may or may not make.    Secretary Kerry. Well, let me answer the last two very quickly, and then I will talk about the others.    The answer is no. That money is not paying for it. In fact, that moneyis not flowing right now because of the ICC and what is going on. And the PA is nearly bankrupt at this moment. It is in nobody's interest, Madam Chair, for the PA to fall apart. That is not----    Secretary Kerry. So we don't want that to happen.    And I will come to Cuba in a minute.    On the 14-year-old Venezuelan, that is horrendous. Venezuela keeps moving in the wrong direction and making the wrong choices. And the answer is the sanctions are being implemented right now as fast as possible. We are working with the National Security Council. We are working with the Department of the Treasury and other agencies to implement the provisions of the law as rapidly as we can.    So we have no disagreement whatsoever on the egregious behavior, the repression of people, the arrests, the false accusations against us that are emanating out of Venezuela. We invite frequently President Maduro to realize that thereis a completely alternative set of options available to him. We hope he will take them.    On Cuba----    Secretary Kerry. Well, no. The law is being implemented. It is being implemented. Sanctions--you know, everybody thinks you just sort of slap them on day one. Thereis a very specific set of requirements in the law for what you have to do to prepare in order to----    Secretary Kerry. Let me just say that sanctions are being applied.    And Cuba--don't measure it by where it is today. Measure it by what begins to happen as this process of normalization takes place and we have an opportunity to be able to press those issues and shed more light on them and create the change we hope will take place. And I could go on at some length about that, but I want to get to the other things you mentioned very quickly.    On Iran, there is no equivalency between--you know, with what Secretary Blinken was talking about with respect to preventing them from getting a weapon and the question of what happens with respect to their compliance with respect to their nuclear program.    If you have a year of breakout time--by the way, everybody, I think it is a publicly known number that has been bantered around in the press that, prior to our joint agreement, the breakout time was about 2 months, maybe 3 max, but somewhere around 2 months.    We have already extended that, and our effort in this agreement is to get a period of time--I am not going to say how long--but a period of time during which they have got to live by a 1-year breakout.    Now, a 1-year breakout does not mean time it takes to get a bomb. A 1-year breakout is time it takes to get enough fissile material for one nuclear weapon, which they haven't yet designed or been able to test or put on a warhead or explode or anything. So that is many more years it takes to get there.    We don't lose one option that we have today, not one option, during that period of time. Slap back on the sanctions. Make them worse than they are today or, of course, if you have to, you always have a military option. So we don't take away any option. We actually expand the period of time during which we can determine what is going on.    Now, I will tell you, Israel is safer today with the added time we have given and the stoppage of the advances in the Iranian nuclear program than they were before we got that agreement, which, by the way, the Prime Minister opposed. He was wrong. And today heis saying, ``Oh, we should extend that interim agreement.''    Secretary Kerry. Of course. Of course. We continue--I think even today our Department is on the phone to the National Security Advisor and we are having calls. I have----    Secretary Kerry. Fair enough.    Secretary Kerry. Had the opposite effect, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Kerry. I am happy listen to an hour's worth of questions and will respond.    Secretary Kerry. Do we have time left?    Secretary Kerry. Well, let me just say, clearly, Iran does not have a right to step out of the NPT and then go. And if they began to do that, we will hopefully--and this is part of what is being negotiated--have the ability to know immediately ifthere is any movement in that direction. And then we have all our options, as I said, that are available to us.    Going a step further, on this secret facility, we are well aware of the accusation--or the allegations regarding that facility. It will obviously have to be--any questions would have to be answered to have any kind of an agreement, and I think people should rest assured that will take place.    And on the IAEA, we are negotiating for the appropriate standards and process that the IAEA needs in order to be able to answer appropriate questions. That is a critical part of compliance with any NPT country. There is a process, as you know, that is required in order to achieve that. So that is obviously part of the negotiations.    Secretary Kerry. Well, we have raised those cases. We raise them in every conversation that we have. In fact, all of our missing citizens--we have a number of them in various parts of the world and we raise them on a consistent basis not only through our Embassies, but anytime that I visit either here or go somewhere and we meet at high levels, we raise these issues by name.    We have raised the names of the folks, Mr. Abedini, Mr. Hekmati, Mr. Levinson, Mr. Rezaian, most recently when I was in Geneva just a couple of days ago. And we consistently--and we are working--we actually have a process now in place where we are working quietly, trying to see what can be arranged.    With respect to the parent child abduction, I have worked on that very, very hard when I was here. I worked on that as the Secretary and had a very tragic case in my State of Massachusetts, a gentleman whose kids were stolen and taken back to Egypt and we have been trying to get access back and so forth.    We have a caseload of about 1,000 international parental abduction cases, and we are trying to expand The Hague abduction convention to efforts throughout the world. We have approximately 75 professionals who are full-time assisting parents with respect to this horrendous plight that they face. I mean, there is nothing worse, obviously.    I applaud and thank you for your constant focus on these issues, Congressman. You are really the primary focus of the entire Congress on this, and we appreciate it enormously.    With respect to Nigeria, I visited there recently in order to try to keep the election process from leading to violence. We knew there was a possibility of some delay. Now we are trying to make sure that this delay does not become an excuse for rigging the election, trying to steal it.    We are working hard to have a transparent election, which would then give us leadership one way or the other, prepared to move forward on the military training, on the efforts to coordinate on Boko Haram. And, as you've seen, the neighbors have come together--Chad, Cameroon, others--in an effort to try to put pressure on Boko Haram. I am confident that, over time, we will be able to.    We have done the proper Leahy vetting with respect to the units that we were training in Nigeria. I assure you that has not been the problem in our training program disruption. Unfortunately, equipment was not delivered to them internally that should have been given them. And, frankly, there have been some leadership challenges with respect to that.    So, hopefully, this election can clear the air and put us in a position to move on an effort against Boko Haram and to do some of the training that you have talked about.    Secretary Kerry. Can you just clarify the second part of your question, which was how do we support that end regarding your constituents. What was the----    Secretary Kerry. All right. I got it, skeptical.    Look, I think it is fair to be skeptical until you see the agreement, and it is important to be hopeful. And that's the way I would put it. I am not sitting here expressing confidence. I am expressing hope because I think we are better off with a viable, acceptable, good, diplomatic agreement than with the other choices. But it remains to see whether or not we can get that kind of an agreement.    So I think it is healthy to approach something with a certain amount of skepticism until proven otherwise, but I wouldn't be damning it on the skepticism. I would just wait and be hopeful and see what we can produce. Give us a chance--I mean, look, remember how many people--I can remember sitting here--and I won't go into who said what, but there were plenty of folks in this committee who said, ``Terrible agreement. You are giving away the store. This can't work. They won't live up to it.'' I sat and listened to all of that, and I said, ``The proof is in the pudding.''    Well, guess what, folks. They have lived up to every single piece of it. The 20 percent enriched uranium has been taken down to zero. That fuel has been shipped out. Stockpile is lowered. They have given us access to Fordow. They have given us access to the storage sites of centrifuges. They have given us access to the milling, the uranium, the mining. I mean, we have had--you know, they have stopped Iraq. They didn't do any further work on it. Everything they said, so that, in effect, they agreed to roll back their program and they rolled it back.    So we are beginning now with, frankly, a baseline of a year of measurement. And you can't just dismiss that and throw it out the window. So I think that is cause for hope, and that is all I would say about it at this point in time.    On TPP, of course there is a geopolitical component in this. If the rules of doing business are written by people who don't adhere to our standards of doing business, that is a race to the bottom.    And if we are not helping to bring countries together to create an understanding of how we are going to treat each other in business, of what kind of access we will have of non-tariff barriers being eliminated, of fair trade in certain products and so forth--if there aren't rules that raise the standards, we are in trouble.    Now, I will tell you right now labor standards, environment standards, business standards are all going to be written into this agreement in ways that they haven't been previously.    In a place like Vietnam--and I know Vietnam pretty well because I was involved in the effort to end the embargo with George H W. Bush and then, ultimately, the normalization, and I have seen the transformation that has taken place.    People are living a higher standard of living. People have the right to strike. They do strike. There are labor rights. It is not as uniform as in the United States, but a huge transformation is taking place.    And there is no question in my mind that being able to implement this will be a game-changer for people's attitudes and possibilities as we go forward in the future.    And China has actually said to us, ``Could we join this ultimately?'' And we have said, ``Of course you can, if you are prepared to adopt the standards.''    So this is geostrategic. It is vital to America's presence in the region. And I urge everybody to think of it in that context. And that is part of the reason why TPA is so important.    Secretary Kerry. Well, you are saying it is a nuclear facility. That has yet to be determined. But we know about the facility. Yes.    Secretary Kerry. Well, it has not been revealed yet as a nuclear facility. It is a facility that we are aware of which is on a list of facilities we have. And I am not going to go into greater detail, but these things are obviously going to be have to be resolved as we go forward.    Secretary Kerry. Are we what?    Secretary Kerry. Well, we are not doing that, Congressman. We are actually--and I respect and appreciate your passion and concern for Dr. Afridi, which I share. And I have raised this. I raised it formerly with President Zardari and Prime Minister Sharif. We have raised it at the highest levels. We believe his incarceration is both unjust, unwarranted, unfair, counterproductive to our efforts, and we have made that case.    Secretary Kerry. We believe the best way to try to solve this problem is to do this through the diplomatic channels, through regular communication direct and high-level engagement, which has a chance of being successful.    Secretary Kerry. I know.    Secretary Kerry. I can guarantee you----    Secretary Kerry. Well, nobody is condoning or allowing people to be ``put down.'' In fact, we fought very hard for the arming which is taking place of the Peshmerga and of the Kurds for the oil deal that was made between Baghdad. In fact, it is thedirect contrary of what you just said. We are actually elevating the capacity----    Secretary Kerry. Some things have gone to them directly. Some things have gone through Baghdad. And that is appropriate and it is working. Baghdad has seen to it that they are getting what they need and has worked very effectively in coordination with them. That is one of the virtues of what Prime Minister Abadi is bringing to the table right now.    But I want to go back to your original comment, which I think really merits a moment, Mr. Chairman. When you say you disagree that there wasn't a greater simplicity to the choices of World War II, I am not diminishing it.    I am one of the greatest admirers in the world. I am in awe of what they did. I have been to the beaches of Normandy--I don't know--15, 20 times. To me, it is religious ground. It is an amazing place.    And everything that went on in that war is stunning in terms of the coordination of global effort to defeat fascism, tyranny, dictatorship. I don't simplify that. But I am telling you, in terms of a choice, it was communism, fascism, and tyranny versus democracy, freedom, and liberty.    Secretary Kerry. Because they were going to help us defeat that particular----    Secretary Kerry. I just want to finish.    Secretary Kerry. What you have today, what has been released as a result of the fall of Berlin Wall and all of the things that have happened with the Arab Spring, you have complications of tribes all over the place with different agenda. You have Sunni versus Shiite. You have Arab versus Persian. You have culture and Middle East and modernity and religion, a host of things and different agenda by different countries that are part of different efforts.    For instance, the coalition to deal with ISIL is split on whether or not there ought to be a focus on Assad or not a focus on Assad. That is a complication. You begin to do one thing, you lose some. You do the other, you lose others. How do you hold them together?    That was not the problem with respect to the challenge of whether or not you had to beat the folks in the Pacific and win in Europe at the same time in World War II. So there is a huge difference in how states are behaving today and in what their economic power is and in what choices they have.    Secretary Kerry. I don't know if that is the reason they don't do it, but I don't disagree with you. And not only, by the way, in this hemisphere. I think that there are a lot of countries in Europe and elsewhere that have been willing to do business without any kind of voice of accountability for those kinds of abuses.    I think one of the things that will happen with our diplomatic presence, frankly, is an ability to help mobilize that, and we ought to. We are not going to turn our backs on one notion of what is important with respect to human rights democracy, change, so forth, and we have made that clear.    Secretary Kerry. I am sure you could.    Secretary Kerry. Let me tell you why I don't think we will. But it is a good point, and it is an appropriate question to ask because, under the wrong circumstances, it is possible that could happen.    We are not at the table. We are not a negotiating partner in this.    Secretary Kerry. We are doing this in order to try to help facilitate, if it is possible, because they believe that the United States could be very helpful as a friend and a partner because we have existing assistance programs to Colombia that are helping to lay the groundwork for the implementation of a possible peace agreement and because we have been so committed through the years.    I mean, you all--certainly those you in the top daises here--were deeply involved in helping to do this, 1990s, Plan Colombia, highly controversial. We put a billion bucks and more on the line. We became deeply engaged. And together with the leadership of Colombians, a country that was near failed, certainly failing, turned itself around to become one of our most trade partners and allies in the region.    Secretary Kerry. Well, there were----    Secretary Kerry. Sure. But look at the success they are today. Measure their success today against countries that haven't chosen to do that.    I think Colombia is a leader as a result, and I think other countries are saying, ``You know, maybe we are missing out. I think there is an effort we can make to do a better job of reaching out into Latin America.''    We are trying to do that. That is part of what is in this budget, by the way, in the $1 billion we are trying to put----    Secretary Kerry. We are continuing to seek the return from Cuba of fugitives from U.S. justice. We raised these cases. We have raised the case of Joanne Chesimard. We raised the case of William Guillermo Morales with the Cuban Government during the migration talks that just took place a few weeks ago. We raised those cases when we met in January. There is a meeting here Friday, and we will raise the cases again on Friday.    And we have had some limited success in recent years. There are four non-Cuban national, U.S. national fugitives who have been returned to the United States since 2011. We are going to continue these discussions in the context of this new relationship and, hopefully, it might open the door.    Secretary Kerry. Well, Congressman, let me make it absolutely clear. That is not what she was saying, if you take the full breadth of what Marie Harf was talking about.    In fact, what she was talking about is the notion that, if all we do is have a military approach to the problem of violent, religious extremism, whether it is Islamic or other, or whether there are violent extremists, we are going to fail. You will have the next Secretary of State or the one thereafter or a continuum of Presidents coming to you with new acronyms for new groups that are a threat.    And everything that came out of our White House summit on violent extremism underscored the fact that there is one component that you have to do for sure, which is the military. You have to take ISIS fighters off the battlefield the way we are, and that is for certain. But if you don't want them just replenished, like those three kids from Britain who just traveled ostensibly to Syria to join up----    Secretary Kerry. Okay. Well, let me just go further.    It is not just kids from Britain. There are several thousand people from Russia. There are multiple hundreds of people from France, from Germany, from Australia. The Australians are in the targets now. This is a spreading cancer and it is not going to be eliminated by just shooting at people once they finally get to the battlefield.    Everything that came out of the conference we just had the other day pointed to the need to deal with prevention. And a very distinguished professor who testified there, Dr. Peter Neumann from King's College in London, specifically who has d1 years of research on this, talking about the nearly 4,000 people who have gone since 2012 from Berlin, London, Stockholm, and Paris--they are all young people, and you can find them on Facebook, on Twitter, on Instagram, Tumblr, social platforms. They are talking, schticking back and forth, and nothing is answering it.    Secretary Kerry. Well, I just want you to know--don't make fun of what she was talking about.    Secretary Kerry. That is not what she was talking about.    Secretary Kerry. Will do.    Secretary Kerry. We are examining every possible model. We are looking at Japan, South Africa, all existing enriching country models. And we also have to measure whatever those models are against a particular country we are dealing with. But that is what we are doing.    Secretary Kerry. I beg your pardon?    Secretary Kerry. And that is something that you and people in Israel and everybody else have to make your judgment about. I am not going to get dragged into that particular choice or how it came about. I don't think that is helpful.    I will say this----    Secretary Kerry. Well, let me say this. The Prime Minister, as you recall, was profoundly forward-leaning and outspoken about the importance of invading Iraq under George W. Bush, and we all know what happened with that decision.    He was extremely outspoken about how bad the interim agreement was, during which time he called it the deal of the century for Iran, even though it has clearly stopped Iran's program. And, more importantly, he has decided it would be to good to continue it.    So, you know, I talk to him frequently. We work very, very closely together. We are deeply committed. We, this administration--I think we have done more to help Israel. I have a packet of 25 pages or more of things we have done on behalf of Israel in the course of this administration to stand up for it, stand with it, protect, fight back against unfair initiatives.    So we won't take a backseat to anybody in our commitment to the State of Israel. But he may have a judgment that just may not be correct here. And, you know, let's wait and hear what he says. I am not going to prejudge his statement any more than he should prejudge this agreement. But when we have heard, if appropriate, I will respond.    Secretary Kerry. No. That is not what it flows from at all. And the answer is the Minsk agreement, if it were implemented, would be a good way to deescalate. And that is what everybody hopes for.    This does not flow from what President Putin chose to do with respect to Crimea, which elicited a beginning response with respect to sanctions.    It flows from a view Mr. Putin holds about the new Russia that he talks about and about his efforts to try to push back against what he feels is a threat from Europe and from us in the West in encroaching in what he deems to be his sphere of influence. We don't deal with spheres of influence in that way. We deal with independence and sovereignty of nations and respect for agreements.    The Bucharest agreement says we would all protect--Russia included--would protect the territorial integrity of Ukraine. And long ago, through the United Nations and other agreements, the respect for international boundaries and lines and not taking territory by force and subterfuge has been the standard for which nations have been trying to fight.    President Putin clearly has made a set of choices that violate all of that. So in Luhansk and Donetsk and now in Debaltseve, he has empowered, encouraged, and facilitated directly land grabs in order to try to destabilize Ukraine itself, and it stems from his policy, his decisions, which violate all the international norms with respect to territory and behavior.    So we have, I think, made it very--I don't think anybody in this committee is suggesting the United States ought to be sending the 101st Airborne at this moment or the on 82nd or something even greater than that. That is not what I hear. I think people feel that this is a time for smart policy.    And it is clear that, from the policy we put in place, the Russian ruble is down 50 percent. There has been $151 billion of capital flight from Russia. Russia is about to go into recession this year, according to economic predictions.    So I think, while Putin may be achieving the short-term stuff, the long term is a problem, the long term for Russia. And I think we are pursuing a policy that is smart and effective at the same time.    And our preference is to deescalate this, get back to the norms, and restore a relationship with Russia that could be more public and more productive in many, many different respects.    Secretary Kerry. Well, that is in the authorization. There is no geographic limit purposefully in order to be able to destroy them wherever they exist.    The President's thinking, which I agree with, with respect to the continuation is, ``Look, there is a huge divide in Congress.'' We all know that.    There was an unhappy experience with a prolonged war in Iraq that became a war of choice and which didn't, in most people's judgment, have to be fought. And people are tired. They don't want to go back and do another 14-year military excursion. And there is a divide as to sort of, ``How do you balance this?''    So what the President did--I came up and testified on the AUMF in December. We listened to both sides of the aisle, where some people were resisting the idea of something that is open-ended, where you are going to be working 14, 15 years from now on the same authorization.    And the President, I think, thoughtfully and appropriately said, ``You know what. Congress ought to be able to unite. The American people ought to be able to speak with one voice to say, `We are going to go out' ''----    Secretary Kerry . `` `We are going to destroy and degrade ISIL.' ''    Secretary Kerry. But, Congressman, can I just say to you very quickly the reason for giving--nobody knows who the next President is. The next President ought to have the right to be able to say, ``I need more,'' ``I want more'' or, ``Let's continue it the way it is.'' Nothing is going to stop you from doing that. The policy clearly is committed to degrade and destroy ISIL.    Secretary Kerry. Well, the plan is to engage in what we would call super-vetting, I mean, an extraordinary level of vetting. And if the FBI is not satisfied, I am quite confident that people aren't going to be allowed in.    So I don't see this as a conflict. I mean, we have amazing ways of being able to dig down and dig deep. We are doing it now, by the way, with respect to the Syrian opposition that is being vetted in order to join up to the training and equip program.    I think we are about, you know, some--well, I am not going to put the numbers out here. But there is a disparity between the numbers who have signed up and the number of who have actually been proved and who have entered the program, and I think the same thing will happen.    Secretary Kerry. We have been doing this for years now.    Secretary Kerry. I think the vetting will reach the Security Minister of Jordan and others. And when they weigh in accordingly, I don't think you will see those people coming in.    Secretary Kerry. Well, Congressman, first of all, I want to impress on everybody that I find very helpful and I think the administration finds very helpful the discussions with you, whether here or in classified session.    And we are not at all suggesting that, by raising a question or making suggestions as you just had about one potential complication or suspension to negotiate these other things--they are all fair questions and they help us. Actually, we factor that in and it helps us in terms of thinking about every aspect of the negotiation.    That is different from actually condemning the deal and sort of turning off and saying, ``There is no way this is going to work'' or, ``It is a bad deal. You are about to make a bad deal'' when you don't really have all of the components of the deal in front of you and we don't even because it is not yet resolved.    So that is the distinction I am trying to draw. But we welcome this kind of a question. And I would simply quickly say to you the U.N. Security Council resolution--and I went back and reread it, in fact, in the middle of the negotiations these last few days.    Paragraph 37 of the 1929 resolution, in fact, has not been lived up to. It has not been met, and it is not relevant to what we are doing right now, to be honest with you, because it talked about suspension of enrichment.    It didn't say they can't enrich. It talked about suspension. And then the negotiations would decide what is or isn't allowed, as long as it meets the terms of the Nonproliferation Treaty and so forth. So that is the negotiation we are in right now.    Now, Wendy Sherman in her discussion with you, I know did not raise any violations because there haven't been any violations. We have sanctioned individual companies--during the course of this period of time with the interim agreement, we have actually imposed more sanctions. We have sanctioned individuals. We have sanctioned companies. And there has been an ongoing effort to hold the sanctions regime accountable.    The final thing I would say to you is Iran already operates light water reactors at Bushehr, fueled by the Russians, Russia design. And these reactors pose less of a risk for the potential of civilian power production and other types of reactors that are prohibited by the U.N. Security Council.    So what they are doing now is not, in fact, a violation. And we have been clear in defining that the purpose of the negotiations we're in now with Iran is to ensure that their nuclear program is exclusively for civilian purposes. That is the key here. They can have a civilian peaceful program.    So when you get into the number of centrifuges and this and that--if you have a civilian power plant that is producing power legitimately and not a threat to proliferation, you can have as many as 190,000 or more centrifuges.    There are millions of centrifuges involved ultimately in power plants that are producing power. So the key here is: Is this a peaceful program? And are the measures in place capable of making sure you know it is peaceful? That is the standard we are trying to apply.    Secretary Kerry. Well, I think many of them are. Not all of them, but many of them are. And certainly the top leadership, al-Baghdadi and folks around him, are formulating their concept of the caliphate--of the caliphate on the basis of their interpretation of Islam.    Secretary Kerry. So----    Secretary Kerry. To the degree they are establishing a caliphate and hanging some of their notions of organization and discipline and battle based on that, there is a component of it that is a distorted sense of Islam. Sure    Secretary Kerry. Well, but let me also point out----    Secretary Kerry. No, I am going to give you an answer.    But also there are a lot of criminals and thugs and adventurers and thrill seekers and--involved in this. There is a kind of criminal anarchy in all of it, notwithstanding whatever basis they want to claim with respect to Islam. And it is important in coming at this that you not empower them through the language we use to be able to make the argument to their people that in fact we are at war with Islam, and they are building that up as a recruitment tool, and we create more of our own problem. I think that is what people are trying to be sensitive to here.    Now, when you get into the deep analysis, yes, there are clearly a very distorted sense of radical extreme Islam being put forward.    The victims are anybody who stands in their way or people who are different or who have different beliefs. They can be Christians. They can be Yazidis. They can be officers and police officers who are Sunni and trying to stand up for their village or their town in Mosul. I mean, they go out and kill the mayor. They kill young kids. They will kill, you know, people they think are apostates. So----    Secretary Kerry . Very complicated, and the----    Secretary Kerry . Third piece is, why do they do this? They do this for power and for the extension of their leaders for their misguided notion of their caliphate and their desire to be the power that is defining not only their version of Islam but to have the power within that region to run the show.    Secretary Kerry. Well, we don't----    Secretary Kerry. The answer very briefly--the answer is we don't like it, and there is a lot of discussion taking place with all of the entities of social media to try to figure out how to minimize it.    Now, we have made some progress. You haven't seen the videos that have been posted, and there are a lot of things that are being reduced. So some progress is being made.    And the final comment I want to make, I neglected to say this. When you ask who the victims are, the primary most significant number of victims are Muslims, and people really need to focus on that.    Secretary Kerry. It is important.    Secretary Kerry. Well, that question is so general that it doesn't allow for the question of, you know, what is their production level, what are they doing, et cetera, et cetera. I am not going to get into the numbers at this point in time except to say to you we have established a critical measurement of needing a 1-year breakout time for a reasonable period of time and an ability to be able to limit the impact of whatever is produced by whatever centrifuges are running. In other words, you have to look at, what is the stockpile? What happens to the spent fuel? What happens to other things? So there is a larger equation of how you measure what is happening, but the answer is it is part of that equation, and we are very much focused on it.    Secretary Kerry. Well, we are greatly concerned about some of the behavior of some of the militia, and that has been raised very, very directly with Prime Minister Abadi. We have raised it with the Iranians. It is a component of the violence on the ground and has created some challenges with respect to the Sunni participation and some of the changes in reforms we are looking for, but by and large, writ large, Iranian engagement with respect to Iraq, while it is present in the form of Soleimani, as you say, and even some people fighting in the northern--northeastern corners, the fact is that there was a greater direct day-to-day control and problem presented with Former Prime Minister Maliki, which is one of the reasons why the Army wouldn't stand and fight in Mosul, and Prime Minister Abadi is working very hard to--with the oil deal made with Erbil, with the movement of weapons to the Peshmerga, with the inclusivity toward the Sunni tribes--to really change that dynamic. So, yes, Iran has influence. Iran is present. Iran is doing things, but I think overall there is a concerted effort to focus on the problem of ISIL, and they are focused on that.    Secretary Kerry. Yes, I was consulted.    Secretary Kerry. Bergdahl was a member of the military who was being held as a prisoner of a conflict. And as we draw down in any conflict, there are always historically exchanges of prisoners with respect to a conflict. He was not a hostage.    Hostages are people who are civilians or individuals who are taken for the specific purpose of ransom, and we do not negotiate for ransom. That is our policy. And you can see the tracking----    Secretary Kerry. But look at the evidence of other countries who have paid. I am not going to name them here, but they have had significant increases of their citizens being taken hostage, and there is just a revolving fund of money coming in from $5 million to $10 million to significant sums and it funds terrorism. So that is--it is a hard distinction. Kayla Mueller's--Kayla, just an extraordinary young woman.    Secretary Kerry. It is very hard, and we have talked to her parents. And our people were--have reached out. I won't tell you that every contact with one agency or another met with the response that perhaps it should have or it wasn't handled as effectively as it might be, which is why President Obama has instructed a review of that process and we have engaged in ourselves in the State Department. And we are doing a lot to deal with that, but the bottom line is ISIL is responsible for her death. We don't even know precisely how she died, but ISIL is responsible.    Secretary Kerry. Actually, our interpretation is that they were never serious. The amounts of money that they put on Americans indicated an absolute--it was unfortunately not a serious deal for them, but we don't pay money. We never have, and we are not going to start.    Secretary Kerry. Thank you, Congressman. Good questions.    On the ICC in Syria, I don't have any doubt in my mind that Bashar al-Assad has engaged in some war crimes in the course of this. I mean, the use of gas against your own citizens is a war crime. The use of barrel bombs indiscriminately against women and children. There are other examples. Starvation is a tool of war--is a war crime. So there are things that have amounted to it.    Now, mounting that kind of a case, putting together the evidence in the middle of the war is always very complicated No. 1, and, No. 2, there are other policy choices that are complicated about the actual lodging of a complaint, et cetera, and moving forward because it can greatly affect the options that are then available to you in terms of negotiating and coming up with a political solution. So there hasn't been at this point in time--I think there is evidence being collected. People are examining. You saw the photographs I think of the 10,000 or so people alleged to have been tortured. Many of those issues, by the way, there is not a clarity about the evidence as to who ordered it or who did it, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't think cases are ripe even though there is a lot of evidence.    And for the moment, I think the appropriate entities are busy gathering and evaluating that evidence. I think some of it has already been referred to The Hague, but I am not sure exactly what specifically.    With respect to our allies in the coalition, we have said from day one that there are many different things that each country in the coalition can do. Some countries don't have the ability to contribute air power or to engage with troops, but they have an ability to contribute with respect to humanitarian assistance. Or Japan, for instance, is doing humanitarian assistance. They have the ability to be able to provide assistance in turning off the flow of money by putting their financial systems and banking systems at the disposal of the effort to cut off the foreign financing. Almost every country has an ability to be able to contribute to try to reduce the flow of foreign fighters going in. So airport practices, police practices, exchange of information, intelligence sharing. All of these are part of the protocol that General Allen and Brett McGurk are coordinating with respect to this global coalition. And then, of course, there is the effort to change the messaging to counter ISIS' message and discredit it in the religious community. And that effort is a very, very significant part of this, and all of those 60 nations are taking part in that one way or the other through the social media, through conferences, by helping to organize their Muslim communities to have the mullahs, imams, clerics, Grand Muftis, others all speak out. Saudi Arabian Grand Mufti, the Egyptian Grand Mufti have spoken very clearly condemning ISIL as an organ of Satan, as a criminal enterprise that represents nothing to do with Islam. So there is an enormous amount of global enterprise now being focused on the effort of ISIL. But in the end, those who are in Syria, I think we all understand, are going to have to be taken own directly on the ground in addition to the air power. And a number of countries in the region have spoken of their willingness under the right circumstances to commit troops to that effort. And that is an ongoing policy debate that is taking place even now.    Secretary Kerry. I think whenever possible, we are. But it is not always possible just because of the setbacks, the locations where they are today.And, you know, part of this, Congressman, is probably best discussed in a classified session simply because if I start getting specific, then we get in--you know, it sort of telegraphs----    Secretary Kerry. Yeah. Well, I think it is worth having you come over and spending a minute with Under Secretary Pat Kennedy and going through this because a lot of thought has gone into it. Some of it driven by the ARB report and the requirements to try to deal with that. We--you all have been terrific in helping us to be able to, you know, upgrade. We have got a massive upgrade effort going on now. So--and it is costly. I think it is about $2.2 billion going into the security.    Secretary Kerry. Well, Congressman, we--I am happy to work through with you and have our guys work through with you the numbers on this. I have talked about it with them the other day, and the Department of State and the GSA looked at some 70 different properties before settling on--including very, very deep analysis of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Glynco, Georgia. You know that.    Secretary Kerry. And on, you know, the conclusion of that effort looking at the site reaffirmed that Fort Pickett was really the more suitable place for it, and that, you know, resulted in an initial layout of some money, but let me just say to you, just in--I will give you a cost comparison. The Department estimated----    Secretary Kerry. Bottom line, I will just say to you, is there actually are huge cost savings in going to Fort Pickett over flying people----    Secretary Kerry. I don't know exactly what you mean by the source----    Secretary Kerry. What I can commit to you is that they will sit down with you and go through the cost analysis.    Also, on London, by the way, with the moat, et cetera, there was no outlay of tax dollars whatsoever for that because it was paid for entirely out of the sale of the other Embassy building.    Secretary Kerry. You are absolutely correct. It does, and I think the amount--I think we have got about 300--if I recall, it is some $390 million that is going to go into--there are two separate initiatives here. One is the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund. The other is the Center for Strategic Communications. Rick Stengel, our Under Secretary is down at CENTCOM today working with them on this whole strategy for how we are going to be able to respond more effectively and deal--not just with Russia's massive propaganda but also ISIL and other entities. There is a real battle for the flow and control of information. So we are now putting together programs that will work with all of our Embassies, with local partners. I will give you an example. The UAE is setting up a center, which we are taking part in, which will have various other countries represented that are going to manage responding realtime on the social media. It is an brandnew effort. It will further regional and global collaboration to try to counter violent extremism, and we are expanding this effort in line with the discussions we just had at the White House Summit on Violent Extremism. We have just about appointed a special envoy and coordinator who will reinvigorate the original vision of how we take this mandate for information management and bring the communities, various communities around the United States, elsewhere, together to coordinate them in their ability--I am talking about specifically identifiable either Islamic or, you know, regional entities that have an ability to have an impact on those communities and coordinate their messaging. And we are still in the process of sort of laying down the entire plan of action, but in large this will be a brandnew coordinated communications effort, both through traditional media and social media, in order to maximize America's output of information and countering to the lies, the seductions, the propaganda, everything that takes place in all of those fora today.    Secretary Kerry. Sure. Very few weapons were active weapons. Weapons that were functional fell in--or were transferred into the hands of any Houthi. We had a Marine--significant Marine presence and a significant security presence there to protect our diplomatic mission, and prior to departing from the Embassy and leaving to go to the airport, those weapons were destroyed or dismantled. The firing pins taken out, firing bolts. Different things were done in order to make them nonfunctional.    Secretary Kerry. No.    Secretary Kerry. No. They were not. Some weapons were left in the hands of the local guards and local personnel who worked with us in order to be able for their security and for them to be able to defend themselves and go back to their--and go back into town from the airport.    Secretary Kerry. Let me just say very quickly. At the airport, there were few weapons that were turned over at that point in time, but believe me, nothing that they didn't have and hundreds and even thousands of numbers----    Secretary Kerry . In other forms, but those weapons were critical to our people in the event that they ran into resistance at the airport and had to in fact fight their way or cover their way to go back.    Secretary Kerry. Well, very easy. Very simple answer, and it shouldn't be extrapolated to mean something that it doesn't.    The President was talking about how the work we had done with the existing government and the transfer to Hadi from Saleh--from Saleh had in fact provided us with a continuum of our platform to be able to take on al-Qaeda. So it was an example of the way in which we were using a presence and a platform, and we were attacking al-Qaeda. We were not engaged between Houthi and Hadi's forces and other people. Then that changed, obviously, internally in the politics, because Saleh was creating problems by remaining in the country, joining up with the Houthi, challenging Hadi. Those are things we were not there to be somehow able to stop through the counterterrorism program.    Secretary Kerry. Well, ``enduring'' means Iraq, Afghanistan, long-term ground operations. You could, obviously, define it in terms of months not years, but it is a distinction between someone engaged in a rescue mission or going in on a, you know, advise-and-assist program to help people understand how to do fire control over a 1- or 2- or 3-day period or something. I mean, there are all kinds of examples that could be defined, but ``enduring'' means we are not beginning the process or committing to a process of a long-term combat troop-on-the-ground offensive engagement in a war.    Secretary Kerry. Well, I am not going to play with one----    Secretary Kerry. Depends on what somebody is asked to do, but it is a noncombat role. Noncombat engagement.    Secretary Kerry. It depends on what they are being asked to do and what they were doing.    Secretary Kerry. Again, are you talking about a combat troop in combat operations----    Secretary Kerry. Well, we are not talking about--we are not doing offensive ground combat operations.    Secretary Kerry. No, it doesn't.    Secretary Kerry. No.    Secretary Kerry. It would authorize action against ISIL specifically. And the President had said we will degrade and destroy ISIL wherever they are. If it required an action in Jordan, it obviously would be in conjunction with the Government of Jordan, which is a strong ally, member of the coalition, asking for us to do something in a totally permissive atmosphere, but the only authorization we would have to do it would be if it was against ISIL.    Secretary Kerry. No. No. We are not. Absolutely not, and it would be incorrect to suggest that mere association would permit anybody to do anything under this authorization because, under the 2001 AUMF and the 2002 AUMFs, we have clearly defined what ``associated'' means, and it means engaged in the fight, fighting alongside, or fighting United States and our allies directly. So there is----    Secretary Kerry . Associated means.    Secretary Kerry. Only if they meet the standard that is required as to whether or not they are in fact a sponsor of terror.    Secretary Kerry. Well, ISIS is self-defining. They are the combatants and those who have pledged allegiance to them who have formed a caliphate, fly a flag, wear their black uniforms and are engaged in a struggle both within Syria and Iraq most directly but also in what they call distant provinces as they try to establish their caliphate.    Secretary Kerry. It is merely their formulated--it is who calls what--ISIL--ISIS is the letters used by them to define the state versus the Levant, which is the Arab word for the ``S'' of ISIS?    Secretary Kerry. Absolutely. Al-Qaeda is authorized under the 2001 AUMF. And that is continuing, and it is our, we believe, entirely legally and practically legitimate argument that ISIS was al-Qaeda in Iraq for about 11 years; and only by changing their name did they assume this new identity. But they are, in fact, al-Qaeda too. And we have proceeded against them based on that authorization, but the President has felt--and I think Congress has felt--it would be appropriate to now have a new authorization to demonstrate the clarity with which we are prepared to go after ISIS, Daesh, as I preferred to call it, and continue the battle with al-Qaeda.    Secretary Kerry. Well it is a really terrific question, Congressman Lowenthal, and I appreciate it very, very much because you are absolutely right. Anybody that--and I used to be chair of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee for 30 years in the Senate. And I remember working on Plan Colombia and the big debate; are we going to put $1 billion into this? Is it going to be meaningful, and so forth?    If we just did it the way we used to do some of this stuff, your skepticism would be entirely applicable and appropriate. But we are not. We have learned a lot about the delivery of aid and assistance, about oversight, follow up, mentoring, engagement. And I think Raj Shah began an effort as Administrator and AID has been transforming. Part of this came, by the way, and give credit where credit is due, the MCC, which came about during the Bush administration. The Millennium Challenge Goal sort of taught people to say, maybe there are some metrics you can put in place more effectively----    Secretary Kerry. Sure. But I will just end quickly by telling you that are three targets: One is enhanced security. We think we can track that, do police, do other work. Two, is direct economic assistance, promote trade in ways we know work, and provide more employment, et cetera. And three, is improved governance itself, and that is by being deeply engaged in creating the transparency and accountability measures necessary so you are getting the changes that you need.    Secretary Kerry. That is a fair statement.    Secretary Kerry. No, Congressman. A group that simply embraces the ideology, pledges allegiance, is not necessarily fighting for or alongside or against the United States and our associated forces.    Secretary Kerry. Well, no. It is not a question of claiming it. You pledge allegiance. Pledging allegiance to ISIL is not necessarily joining the fight.    Secretary Kerry. No. We are going to see whether or not they are, in fact, really joined in the fight alongside ISIL.    Secretary Kerry. If it is ISIS, if it is a group of ISIS that is directly threatening the United States of America, and we have reason to believe that there is an immediate imminent risk, as the President retains the authority today with respect to al-Qaeda or any other group, we will take action.    Secretary Kerry. Excuse me?    Secretary Kerry. Well, Congressman, if we have evidence that somebody in the United States of America is engaged in terrorist activity against the United States, the FBI, the Homeland Security, and others will be on him in a nanosecond.    Secretary Kerry. We will go through our normal constitutional procedures, I assure you.    Secretary Kerry. Well, Congresswoman, it is really good question, and I think I have to give you an answer that I think you will probably find a little simplistic, and I hope not totally unsatisfactory. But it is really a matter of common sense. I mean, you have to apply a standard of sort of practicality of cause and effect. What is the impact of one choice on other choices that you have? That is what the President has to do every day in thinking about what you might do on any given day about Assad and the impact on Iraq, on Iran, on Shia militia, on a host of other things. But there is a connection.    I mean, I want to underscore, you have appropriately put your finger on the fact that what we choose to do in one place has an impact on things that happen in another place. And, you know, if we hadn't responded with the sanctions on Ukraine, if we weren't engaged in putting together a coalition about ISIS, might Baghdad have fallen? Might there be a civil war? Would there be a civil war in Afghanistan today if we hadn't engaged and tried to pull a government together instead of having a failed election? Everything is connected to the other.    And to the degree that the United States commits itself to lead in these particular challenges, I am absolutely more convinced than ever before after 2 years in this job about the impact it has when we make that right choice, the impact it has on somebody's consideration about another choice they might make. What we choose to do effectively with Egypt or with Syria or with ISIS will have an impact on Iranian perception, Russian perception, Chinese, other perceptions in the world. It is all interconnected.    Secretary Kerry. You are the chairman. I am at your disposal.    Secretary Kerry. So let me try to run those though as fast as I can, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you. Saeed Abedini we have raised in the most recent discussions, and you ask how we can tell they will negotiate in good faith. We are negotiating on that very actively right now, and again the proof will be in the pudding whether we can achieve something or not achieve something. I think it is a little early to make that prediction on both accounts, on the release of individuals that we are trying to get back, as well as on the nuclear agreement itself.    Congressman Gabbard, on the subject of the AUMF, associated persons removing outside, et cetera, we have to operate under international law. This authorization is specifically targeted against ISIS itself, and it would be very hard to see how there would be any stretch that would fit any legal authority whatsoever to direct that.    There are other legal arguments available to deal with President Assad--let me make that clear--not the least of which is the fact that, if he were to join in an effort that actively engaged with ISIL or we had evidence of that in some way, he could be thereby aiding and abetting. I mean, there is an extensive argument you could make. But, no, not directly out of the AUMF. That would not be anywhere what is envisioned or allowed by it.    With respect to the DRC and exit permit, we have raised that issue. I have talked to President Kabila about it personally. We have an ongoing effort to try to make some progress on that. I am hopeful that we will finally get some kind of success.    These are those difficult internal kinds of negotiations that take place. I think this may be even tied to the prospects of the potential election that may or may not take place in the DRC. So we are waiting to see what happens, but I will continue to push it.    With respect to Congressman Boyle on the subject of northern Ireland, we are deeply engaged still. With the President's consent, I appointed former Senator Gary Hart to be engaged in those talks. He's been very active. There is a $7.5 million commitment in the existing piece, impact program. And the funding is there for 2011, and we have no reason not to be releasing it and engaging it. So we will continue to be deeply involved in that.    With respect to Congressman Zeldin on the allowance of offensive operations, the limit of authority, I thought we were talking about--so this is a good opportunity for clarification.    I was talking in the context of any potential of American ground forces and the limits of the enduring language. But, obviously, we are engaged in offensive operations. The air power could not be more so. And we are engaged directly, needless to say, you know, in training and assisting, and now we have the overt Title X training and assist program.    So those are offensive operations that the United States is going to be supporting one way or the other. But we are not talking about American ground troops, and there is no authorization in here putting American combat ground troops into an enduring offensive combat situation. I think that is what I really trying to address.    And, Congressman Emmer, on the economics and TPA, I will just close by saying one of the great changes that we face in the world today is the enormous increase of much more powerful competitive economic entities. Now, none of them yet match the size of the United States, but they are getting bigger. They are more active. There is more global market competitiveness than there has ever been before.    And if you were--you know, anybody engaged in international business knows how quick you have to move, how veracious you have to be, how disciplined you have to be in grabbing market share and knowing the markets and working with other partners. It is a different marketplace than it was in the 1960s, 1970s, when we were the dominant single economy.    And so this kind of trade regime that we are talking about putting together under the TPP or the TTIP is far more critical to American jobs, to American growth, to America's influence, to America's ability to continue to play the important leadership role we have played in the world.    And so, if we don't get this kind of an agreement written to the higher standards of international business behavior, it will go down. The standards will go down. The protections will go down. The ability of people to have legal remedy will be reduced. The ability of people to protect intellectual property or have rights by which workers are protected--all of these things would be diminished if we are not able to achieve these kinds of trade agreements.    And TPA is critical to the ability to have those agreements because other countries will--their leaders will not make the difficult political decisions necessary to take one interest or another in their country and change the structure in favor of a larger set of rules because it costs them politically.    If they know that what they are doing when they make that decision is going to be subject to a renegotiation with Congress rather than the passing of what has been negotiated, they won't make the agreement in the first place.    So we actually hurt ourselves in achieving our larger interest of trade and growing our markets if we wind up trying to micromanage it through congressional day to day without the TPA. TPA is what actually empowers the negotiators to be able to close a deal and allow those leaders in other countries to make the tough decisions they need to make.    So, in the end, 95 percent of the world's customers are in other countries, and we cannot grow our Nation, increase wealth, do better, if we are just thinking we can somehow only sell to ourselves. We have to sell in the rest of the world. It is better for us to be helping to lead the effort to reach agreement as to what the rules will be by which we sell and raise those standards rather than leave it to somebody else and see them lowered. That is why TPA is so critical.