    Mr. Hurd. The Subcommittee on Information Technology will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Good afternoon and welcome, everyone. I appreciate you all being here.    It is great to finally be here. This hearing has been rescheduled a number of times. Hopefully, this is the first of many hearings for this Subcommittee on Information Technology within Oversight and Government Reform.    As we all know, the Oversight Committee exists because of two fundamental principles. First, Americans have a right to know that the money Washington takes from them is well spent. Second, Americans deserve an efficient and effective government that works for them.    I thank all the members for being here this afternoon. I would especially like to thank the Ranking Member, Ms. Kelly, for her efforts on behalf of the committee thus far. It has been great working with you already and I am looking forward to the next year and a half.    As the Chairman of the IT Subcommittee, we are looking to do four things over this Congress. One of those issues we will look at is IT procurement and acquisition.    When I was running for Congress, I never thought I would be talking about IT procurement as much as I do but it is an important area where we can reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government.    The second area we will look at is emerging technologies. Our technology landscape is shifting and with emerging technologies such as drones, 3-D printing, these are all things that the government has not dealt in before.    We have to make sure that we are not stifling any growth in these areas, but are protecting consumers as well.    The third area we will look at is privacy. I know we will have a conversation today about this issue. When information is becoming increasingly accessible to folks and the masses, we need to make sure that we are protecting our information. We can protect our digital infrastructure and our civil liberties at the same time.    I am looking forward to delving into this topic over these next few months.    The fourth area we will talk about today is cybersecurity and information sharing. I think the Federal Government should be doing everything it can to share information with the private sector so that the private sector can protect itself.    I spent 9 years as an undercover officer in the CIA. My background is in computer science. I may be able to bang out some Fortran 77 code right now but it has been great having that experience and background and using it to help us as we chart our course forward.    I also helped build a cybersecurity company. One of the things we always tell our clients is that in this day and age, you have to begin with the presumption of breach. If you give me enough time and money, I am going to get in. What do you do to detect someone on your network? How can you contain them and then kick them out?    I think the conversation today is pretty timely with the recent attacks on Sony, Anthem, J.P. Morgan Chase and other big names. Just yesterday, we found out about 11 million customers who may have had their health records compromised in an attack on Blue Cross that occurred last May.    With each passing day and week, there is a new hack, a new breach or a theft being committed over the Internet. Because of this, we must encourage the sharing of cyber threat information to help deal with those breaches when they occur.    Having been on both the private side and the public side of this issue, I know that both sides are not communicating as well as they could be. I hope this committee can shed light on the growing problem and work with the authorizing committees and the appropriators on bringing forth beneficial cyber legislation.    The goal of today's hearing is to paint a picture of common threats, understand how the Federal Government can better engage with the private sector and get some suggestions and prescriptive measures that the Federal Government should take.    I want to thank everyone again for being here and participating today in this important hearing.    Mr. Hurd. With that, I would like to now recognize my friend, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, for 5 minutes for an opening Statement.    Mr. Hurd. The gentlewoman yields the balance of her time.    I will hold the record open for five legislative days for any members who would like to submit written Statements.    Now we get to recognize our panel of witnesses. This is a great panel. This is actually one of those issues where I think the House, the Senate and the White House can work together. We are looking forward to that opportunity.    I am pleased to welcome our witnesses: Mr. Richard Bejtlich, Chief Security Strategist at FireEye; Mr. David French, Senior Vice President, Government Relations, National Retail Federation; Mr. Daniel Nutkis, CEO and founder of the Health Information Trust Alliance; Mr. Doug Johnson, Senior Vice President and Chief Advisor, Payments and Cybersecurity Policy, of the American Bankers Association; and Mr. Edmund Mierzwinski, Consumer Program Director and Senior Fellow, U.S. Public Interest Research Group. I want to welcome everyone here today.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. Please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Mr. Hurd. In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made a part of the record.    With that, Mr. Bejtlich, we will start off with you.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Bejtlich.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. French.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. French.    Mr. Nutkis?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you very much, Mr. Nutkis.    Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Mierzwinski, please.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Mierzwinski.    I now recognize Mr. Walker from North Carolina for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Walker.    I now recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Kelly, from Illinois.    Mr. Hurd. I recognize my colleague, Ms. Duckworth, from Illinois.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Votes have been called on the floor but I believe we can make it through questioning so the witnesses will not have to wait around during the vote series.    With that, I would recognize the Ranking Member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. Cummings, from Maryland.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Cummings, I appreciate your being here today and your leadership on this committee.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questioning.    The first question goes to Mr. French, Mr. Nutkis and Mr. Johnson. Can you talk to me about the top two digital threats to your industry and the folks you represent, the kind of threat actor whether it is a country or a specific individual or a person looking for a particular type of information?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Nutkis?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Bejtlich, in our opinion, I know your firm deals with all of the above threats. Is the Federal Government prepared to help private industry and the private sector in fighting these issues?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. French, Mr. Nutkis and Mr. Johnson, very quickly, in what ways can the government better provide information to you or what type of information should the government be providing to you to help protect your industry and the folks you represent?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Nutkis, briefly.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Johnson, you have 30 seconds.    Mr. Hurd. I would like to recognize Ms. Kelly for 2 minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Gentlemen, I wish we had two or three more hours to continue this conversation. This is an important topic and something I am looking forward to working with Ranking Member Kelly on.    I really appreciate you all taking the time to appear before us today. The materials you provided in advance were incredibly helpful as well. I am looking forward to following up with each of you individually on that as we chart a course on making sure the Federal Government is doing absolutely everything we can to protect our consumers and our industries from those trying to do us ill.    If there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.