    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all the witnesses for being here today, a very important issue.    And rightly, we should be concerned about the integrity of our election system because we're only as good as the integrity of the selection system. After spending 30 years in the IT business, this is something that is very important to me and an area that I do understand at least from the technological side.    Another area that I think we have to be very conscious of is the federal involvement because typically whatever we get involved with doesn't run as well as if a State is doing it themselves, so I want to be very conscious of whatever role the Federal Government plays is very limited to--especially in an authority stance.    But I do understand that we do have some things that we can do as far as setting recommended standards, but recently, the Secretary of Homeland Security has reported saying that DHS is considering whether the state electoral apparatus should be designated as critical infrastructure. Dr. Romine?    Mr. Loudermilk. --Romine, is this appropriate that--in your opinion?    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, I mean, do you have any idea what the benefits or the disadvantages would be of declaring these as critical infrastructure?    Mr. Loudermilk. So you are working with DHS to help the States understand the critical nature of their electoral systems or----    Mr. Loudermilk. This includes cyber hygiene?    Mr. Loudermilk. So that would be voluntary? It'd be like a stress test on their system?    Mr. Loudermilk. Are we applying lessons learned from the Presidential Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity in making these recommendations for the States?    Mr. Loudermilk. So NIST's stance on this is to work within the framework of the Federal Government to come up with recommendations that the States may or may not implement and with flexibility to where they can be customized to the States' individual networks?    Mr. Loudermilk. Secretary Schedler----    Mr. Loudermilk. --how do you feel about that?    Mr. Loudermilk. Do you feel what NIST is doing is beneficial to you?    Mr. Loudermilk. Do you feel in any way that what's happening right now is a camel nose under the tent?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. All right. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.