    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to follow up on my colleague, Representative Costello's questions and your answer there.    I have a specific case, in Wilmington, North Carolina, where we have our Wilmington VA clinic, basically, a brand new building. There is a lot of concern among constituents and my veterans in particular, about the--what they feel is an outrageous figure that we are paying for that space, roughly to the tune of $300,000 a month.    Now, I heard your answer there at the very end to Representative Costello where you are saying--when you compare the prime medical space elsewhere, it is not necessarily apples to apples, perhaps apples to oranges. But when you consider the fact that it is $300,000 a month, and the vast majority of my constituents, they are probably thinking in terms of a 30-year mortgage, and that is far and above the average 30-year mortgage in my district. So there are a lot of questions about, you know, how do we negotiate these leases, and are we just absolutely being raked over the coals with this?    So if you can elaborate more on how you go through what that process actually is.    And I am curious where GSA fits into this. Who actually negotiates the lease? Is it GSA and with--in consultation with the VA, or is it the VA with advice from GSA? If you can explain how that works, I would be interested.    Mr. Rouzer. Sure.    Mr. Rouzer. Well, I would very much like to get that presented to the committee because that is a big question mark in the minds of many of my constituents when they look at that figure.    One thing, if you can expound on this a little bit, you mentioned that you use prevailing market rates as you try to negotiate these leases, but yet if you have a medical clinic and you have no comparable, per se, facility to measure against, how do those two mesh? I am not sure I follow that.    Mr. Rouzer. My time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much. You may have answered this when I had to step out, but I am just curious. What is the percentage of those facilities that are leased versus owned at the VA, security slip that is overall?    Mr. Rouzer. Got you. At what point in time did you change your focus to leasing versus owning?    Mr. Rouzer. Got you. Going back in my memory bank, and this goes back to when this issue at VA clinic in Wilmington came to light, and we were paying roughly $300,000 a month. I remember being told by somebody somewhere--the specifics I don't recall precisely--but basically that they did not look at prevailing market rate. They looked at other comparable VA facilities or other Government-owned facilities elsewhere in the country. And so initially when I was listening to you, I was trying to reconcile that with the comment about you do look at market rate.    And then, of course, in response to Representative Costello's question, market rate really doesn't apply if you don't have a commensurate, you know, facility in the area. So I am kind of going back in my mind on this, and I am thinking to myself, OK, maybe what I was told originally actually is accurate, that they don't look at prevailing rate, or they didn't look at the prevailing rate in the Wilmington area and looked at other VA facilities elsewhere.    I am just curious. This facility is roughly 85,000 square feet from what I understand. So basically we are paying $3.50 or so per square foot. This pretty much has all the services that can be provided at a VA facility. Do you know off the top of your head how that compares with another facility elsewhere in the country?    Mr. Rouzer. Now when you say somewhere else with a like facility, where is somewhere else?    Mr. Rouzer. Well I have to say for the record it is been very, very difficult for my office to get any transparency at all with the VA on this in terms of comparable rates and how this was negotiated, and I would very much appreciate if you all can provide some transparency there, because there are a lot of folks in my district, and rightly so, including myself, that would like to know.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you very much. I yield back.