    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this important hearing.    Sanctuary cities refuse to cooperate with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in its enforcement of Federal immigration laws. The proliferation of sanctuary cities has resulted in thousands of criminal aliens being released into our neighborhoods to commit more crimes. Sanctuary cities violate Federal law. Two decades ago, Congress enacted a provision, title 8, section 1373, designed specifically to prevent jurisdictions from enacting policies that prohibit their employees from sharing information with ICE about illegally present or criminal aliens.    There are more than 300 sanctuary jurisdictions in the United States. One of these is the city of New Orleans. In 2010, the current major of New Orleans invited the Department of Justice to review the policies of the New Orleans Police Department, apparently in part to transform New Orleans into a sanctuary city. Former Attorney General Eric Holder, former Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division Thomas Perez, now Secretary of Labor, and the mayor appear to have colluded to have the Department of Justice file a lawsuit against the city, and then have DOJ and the city enter into a settlement agreement or a consent decree that would forbid the New Orleans Police Department from cooperating with ICE.    The resulting consent decree actually required the New Orleans Police Department to develop a plan that prohibited officers from taking any enforcement action based on an individual's immigration status. In February of this year, pursuant to the consent decree, the New Orleans Police Department issued a policy prohibiting officers from inquiring about an individual's immigration status.    More troubling, it generally prohibited officers from assisting or supporting ICE'S immigration enforcement, and it required officers to decline all ICE requests for support or assistance. Thus, New Orleans could claim that DOJ's heavy hand forced it to become a sanctuary city and endanger its residents when in fact it was a willing participant.    The consent decree was a shocking action on the part of the Department of Justice. The chief law enforcement agency of the Federal Government acted to impede the enforcement of Federal law. In addition, the policy appears to be in direct violation of section 1373. Yet it was--excuse me. Yet it was reviewed and approved in advance by the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division. This appears to be another example of the current DOJ's cavalier disregard for the Constitution and the law.    Chairman Gowdy and I sent a letter to the attorney general in May asking that she explain how the New Orleans Police Department policy complies with section 1373 and requesting that she provide communications with New Orleans concerning the development of the policy. DOJ's response was almost completely nonresponsive.    The DOJ inspector general issued a report in May that expressed concern that ambiguous language in some sanctuary policies may cause local officers to comply with such policies in a way that would violate section 1373. The inspector general noted that, ``unless the understanding of New Orleans Police Department's employees is that they are not prohibited or restricted from sharing immigration status with ICE, the policy would be inconsistent with section 1373.'' I have asked for the training materials that the New Orleans Police Department gave to its officers to ensure their understanding of section 1373. I have been provided with nothing.    This leads to a troubling possibility that, through a lack of training, the New Orleans Police Department has, in practice, violated section 1373.    Finally, just 4 days before this hearing, after this Committee's persistent efforts to expose this disturbing matter and demand action, the Department of Justice informed the Committee that the New Orleans Police Department had revised its sanctuary policy.    Specifically, the NOPD policy now states that it is to be construed in accordance with section 1373(a). On that basis, DOJ has represented to the Federal court and this Committee that the policy now complies with section 1373.    Unfortunately, this coordinated effort by DOJ and the city of New Orleans to preserve the patina of legality of their consent decree clearly fails. Section 1373(b) prohibits jurisdictions from restricting their employees from requesting information from ICE, maintaining such information, and exchanging information with other agencies. Nowhere does the revised policy require compliance with this subsection.    A NOPD officer that arrests an individual who is believed to be illegally present is most likely going to contact ICE to request information regarding that individual's immigration status. However, the revised NOPD policy expressly prohibits the New Orleans Police Department officers from making inquiries into an individual's immigration status. DOJ and NOPD have provided no evidence that NOPD, in practice, has complied with section 1373.    They have provided no training material showing that officers have or will be properly trained regarding compliance with section 1373.    The New Orleans Police Department received over $2 million in law enforcement grants from the Department of Justice in fiscal year 2015. As Attorney General Lynch has essentially admitted to John Culberson, Chairman of House Appropriation Committee's Subcommittee with jurisdiction over the Department of Justice, if the New Orleans Police Department is in violation of section 1373, it would be disqualified from receiving these grants.    Yet the Department of Justice has made no effort to cut off grants to New Orleans. Even aside from the likely violation of Federal law, the Department of Justice's actions in this case show that the protection of our constituents and the enforcement of Federal law no longer seem to be priorities of the Department. In fact, the Department of Justice seems to view them as roadblocks impeding its chosen policy preferences.    I want to thank our witnesses for appearing today, and I look forward to their testimony and to learning more about how this new New Orleans Police Department policy, including why it still prohibits compliance with section 1373(b).    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Butterworth, let me pick right up where you left off. I appreciate the work that you have done on this, but under the revised policy, the New Orleans Police Department officers are prohibited from making inquiries about an individual's immigration status, including to ICE, yet section 1373(b) authorizes officers to make requests to ICE for such information.    So doesn't the policy violate Federal law, section 1373(b)?    Mr. Goodlatte. Why was there a specific reference made to 1373(a) and 1373(b) was left out of the----    Mr. Goodlatte. Are you aware of any concerns on the part of the mayor or city officials or the police department chief or others about authorizing officers to make inquiries about an individual's immigration status?    Mr. Goodlatte. Is there any restriction on a police officer making a request to ICE for information regarding an individual's immigration status?    Mr. Goodlatte. And now you noted in your testimony that the New Orleans Police Department takes criminals off the street. If you find that they are not lawfully present in the United States, what happens after they have been through the judicial process in New Orleans?    Mr. Goodlatte. So, assuming that they are prosecuted and convicted and incarcerated, not all will be, but those who are, after they have served their time, what does the policy of the New Orleans Police Department and courts say about communications with ICE about the fact that someone is about to be released from jail or released from prison who has been convicted of a crime and is not lawfully present in the United States?    Mr. Goodlatte. And what about the New Orleans jails?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Well, let me turn to the attorney general. Welcome. We are glad to have you back with us, Attorney General Landry, and I want to start by asking you if you believe, as Louisiana's chief law enforcement officer, that the New Orleans consent decree violates Federal law.    Mr. Goodlatte. And it is your intention to make sure that everything within your power to assure that that happens will happen so that they are in full compliance with 1373, not just one subsection of it.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. And just, in general, do you believe it is inconsistent for a jurisdiction to adopt a sanctuary policy that violates Federal law and at the same time requests Federal law enforcement grant money?    Mr. Goodlatte. And what message does that send concerning the rule of law?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, thank you very much. And I heard your testimony that, with the correction of this, when hopefully it will soon be completely corrected, there will be no communities in the State of Louisiana that would be characterized as sanctuary cities.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, thank you. I wish other States had the same effort to have such a consistent record.    And I yield back to the Chairman.