    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you all for your testimony today.    Just want to make a couple of comments before I get to my question.    One, certainly, we all understand that we can do better, that we can find better ways to feed hungry children. But I do also want to say that I can understand why wealthy school districts do have a problem because these programs were not designed to help wealthy kids. And so we have to look at it from that perspective. So I can understand if they want to opt out it might be difficult because it is not designed for them.    Now, let me just get to my questions. And I am going to ask everybody the same question. There was a lot of discussion about summer feeding programs which I am especially concerned about because I do represent a district that has more than a 20 percent poverty rate, and in my schools, it is significantly higher, of poor children. So if each one of you can just tell me what you think we can do to make our summer feeding program better. Just one thing you think will make a change, I would appreciate that, as succinctly as possible.    Mr. Storen?    Ms. Fudge. So we have the data, we just need to use it?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you.    Ms. Fudge. So do you think that the lack of transportation is one of the problems that keeps the participation low? I am really trying to figure out how do we increase participation? In my state, only 10 percent of eligible kids participate in the summer program. Nationally, I think that average is about 16 percent. How do we get that participation up?    Dr. Krey?    Ms. Fudge. Well, I am glad to see that something that we did worked. I saw the federal government actually did a good thing by trying to determine how we make these programs better, so I thank you for that.    Mrs. McAuliffe, you talked about a program that you helped start, Eat Smart, Move More, which is very similar to our Farm-to-School program. Why do you think that these programs are effective at getting young people to eat better?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.