    Mr. Vladeck. Great. Thank you, Chairman King, Ranking Member Cohen, distinguished Members of the Task Force. It's an honor and a privilege to be testifying before you again.    I do fear that it has become an all too common refrain in contemporary American discourse for those who object to the wisdom of particular policy outcomes to disguise that objection behind claims of legitimacy; that is that the relevant government actor lacks the authority to effect the disputed policy outcome, never mind its wisdom or potentially its lack thereof. For example, when the Supreme Court interprets the Constitution in a manner some of us don't like, critics often object to the Court's power to even reach the contested interpretation in the first place rather than the merits of the interpretation.    In a recent essay, my friend and George Washington law professor Orin Kerr described this phenomenon, which he harshly criticized, as the politics of delegitimization. It seems to me that today's hearing is a variation on the same theme, portraying a range of perfectly legitimate substantive disagreements over various of the Obama administration's foreign policy initiatives as arrogations of executive power rather than merely as exercises of executive power with which many of us simply disagree.    Indeed, of all the areas in which President Obama has been criticized for overreaching, foreign affairs may be the context in which those claims run the hollowest. Not only does the Constitution invest the President with a wide range of inherent and, as the Supreme Court just reminded us in the Zivotofsky case, preclusive constitutional authority in the field of foreign affairs, but Congress has historically acquiesced by broadly delegating much of its own authority in this field to the President. Nor does the President overreach simply by entering into diplomatic accords without formally submitting the agreement to Congress. All three branches of the Federal Government have recognized, and shortly after the founding, that the President has the constitutional power to enter into bi- or multilateral agreements that are not treaties for constitutional purposes. Indeed, as the Congressional Research Service explained in a March 2015 report, these agreements, rather than treaties, have become the constitutional norm.    With regard to the third category of these agreements, so-called sole executive agreements, as the Supreme Court explained in 2003, our cases have recognized that the President has the authority to make executive agreements with other countries requiring no ratification by the Senate or approval by Congress. This power hasn't been exercised since the early years of the Republic. Indeed, although the extent of the President's authority to conclude executive agreements is uncertain, as one recent study concluded, the courts have never struck down a Presidential executive agreement as being unconstitutional. Instead, the contemporary debate is not over the abstract validity of sole executive agreements but rather the specific criteria that separate agreements that ought--that separate--pardon me, agreements that ought not to be required in congressional involvement from those that should. To be frank, there are no bright lines, but by far, the two most important criteria for assessing whether the President should submit an international agreement to Congress are whether the agreement is inconsistent with and could not be implemented on the basis of existing U.S. law and whether the agreement establishes binding legal rules or financial commitments with which the United States comply. Unless the answer to both questions is yes, history, practice, and precedent all suggest that the President is acting within his constitutional authority when he enters into such a sole executive agreement.    As my written testimony explains in more detail, I'm hard pressed, in light of these criteria, to see the argument that my colleagues make that President Obama was constitutionally required to submit to Congress either the full Iran deal or the Paris climate agreement for many of the reasons echoed by Jack Goldsmith and John Bellinger. Obviously, I would be happy to say more about both of these lines of analysis during the Q&A. But apart from the merits of these debates, it seems to me that the more important point is the extent to which efforts to portray the foreign policy of the Obama administration, as reflected in executive overreach, are another example of the phenomenon described by Professor Kerr.    Of course, this Task Force, this Committee, and this Congress may think there is more political and rhetorical gain to be had from casting these debates on legitimacy returns. But I fear that such an approach has deleterious long-term consequences for Congress' institutional role in the formation and supervision of U.S. foreign policy. After all, the more Congress focuses its critiques on ill-conceived legitimacy objections, the more it suggests, however implicitly, that all it is capable of in the field of foreign affairs is to offer such authority-driven objections to these policies as opposed to either enacting legislation that more aggressively seeks to assert Congress' own foreign policy prerogatives or taking a more active role in stimulating and raising the national level of discourse over the normative desirability of these measures. To me, Congress should be more careful going forward to seize these imperatives in the foreign policy arena.    But as Professor Goldsmith has concluded: ``I doubt Congress will be more careful in the future since it typically doesn't like and cannot organize itself to exercise the responsibility of an equal constitutional partner in the conduct of U.S. foreign relations.''    Studying the origins and trouble and persistence of that institutional shortcoming is, in my view, far more worthy of this Task Force's time than trumped-up charges of executive overreach that once subjected to meaningful scrutiny smack of nothing more than the politics of delegitimatization.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify before the Task Force this morning, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Vladeck. Certainly, Mr. Chairman, I would not disagree that Congress has the power of the purse and that through the power of the purse Congress has the authority to express its views on the wisdom or lack thereof of policy initiatives in the executive branch. I don't think it is--I think Members of Congress are free to use their votes to disapprove of policies they don't like through the power of the purse.    The point I would make briefly is I think it is worth stressing that that is a very different question than whether, in the absence of a no-funds provision, the executive has overreached simply by going the executive agreement route over a treaty. But, certainly, the power of the purse is I think an obvious and long available option for Congress to assert itself.    Mr. Vladeck. I mean, so I guess I would say it is up to the individual Member to decide which is more important to him or her, which is to say, is it more important to assert the institutional prerogative of Congress or to support a policy choice that you agree with? I think each Member is going to make that decision for themselves.    Mr. Vladeck. I'm going to be outvoted a lot today.    Mr. Vladeck. If they are, I'm not sure what those laws are. I mean, I've listened to my friends Professor Kontorovich and Mr. Groves, and, you know, I haven't heard specific American statutes that these agreements are inconsistent with. Professor Kontorovich wants to suggest that failure to transmit the IAEA side deal of the Iran agreement violates the INARA, the Nuclear Agreement Review Act. I would just refer the Task Force to Jack Goldsmith's 2015 blog post on why the argument is intriguing but not convincing.    Mr. Vladeck. Although he refers to you specifically in the post.    Mr. Vladeck. Although that's not what the statute says. I mean, I think that--so the problem is that I think Professor Kontorovich is right that one can find legislative history suggesting that everything was on the table. As I think Professor Goldsmith's post makes clear, if you actually read the text of the statute, there are certainly plausible, reasonable interpretations of the language that actually only refer to agreements to which the U.S. is a party, which does not include the IAEA side deal with Iran.    I'm not saying that there is an obvious answer. My point is that I think we would need more of a smoking gun before reaching the conclusion that both of my colleagues reach that these agreements are clearly inconsistent with existing U.S. law.    Mr. Vladeck. So I think, I mean, my understanding of both, and I'm certainly happy to hear what my colleagues think, is that they create process commitments. They create reporting requirements but that the actual text of the agreements was carefully negotiated to avoid binding, substantive legal obligations entirely to avoid the U.S. constitutional law objections. Right, indeed, there's a great post that I cite in my testimony about how the word ``shall'' was changed to ``should'' at the last minute for the emissions cap in the Paris climate agreement entirely to avoid the very argument we are now hearing that these agreements impose mandatory substantive obligations on the U.S. and, therefore, must be submitted to Congress.    Mr. Vladeck. Well, I think in the case of the Iran deal, I mean, I think it's quite clear that Congress in prior statutes had already delegated to the President a wide range of authority to figure out what the sanctions regime should look like, to set the terms of the sanctions, to control the timing of the sanctions. And so, you know, as Professor Goldsmith says, but for those delegations, I think we would be in a very different position talking about how much authority the President already had to conduct the Iran agreement without Congress.