    Mrs. NOEM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to tell you how much I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    If you remember my testimony from last week before the Tax Policy Subcommittee on H.R. 3080, the Tribal Employment and Jobs Protection Act, because it is both a tax and a health care issue. But the reason I am before you today is because the employer mandate in the Affordable Care Act is poised to have a very negative impact on tribal governments, on tribally owned business in Indian Country. And many of the areas that we are talking about are some of the poorest in the country, including several in my home State of South Dakota. The last thing the tribes in South Dakota need is a punitive tax penalty from the Federal Government.    The Federal Government has a trust responsibility to provide health care for Native Americans and for Alaska Natives. This means the Federal Government supports the care of Native Americans through the Indian Health Service and other departments and agencies. For this reason, individual tribal members are exempt from the individual mandate under the ACA.    But only in Washington, D.C., and with hastily-written legislation like the ACA, could you come up with the scenario tribes and their members now find themselves in today. Individual tribal members are exempt from the individual mandate. However, tribal governments, which primarily employ tribal members, are not exempt from the employer mandate. As a result, tribes must offer coverage or pay a tax penalty for not providing coverage to people the Federal Government is already responsible for caring for.    Moreover, the Federal Government contracts with tribes to provide other vital services in Indian Country, whether it is law enforcement, education, or health care. Imposing the mandate penalty on tribes, which I believe it was never intended to do, will divert limited resource from other areas. As the Rosebud Sioux Tribe in South Dakota wrote to me, ``With over 800 employees, estimates show that compliance with this mandate could possibly cost the Rosebud Sioux Tribe in excess of $6 million annually.''    For an already impoverished people residing on a reservation with an unemployment rate that hovers around 87 percent, this could quite possibly mean dissolution of any of the tribal jobs that do currently exist on Rosebud today. It will also result in the reduction in services to our elders and youth and the imposition of severe limitations on various other social programs.    Clearly, tribes are very concerned. And over the past several years they have tried to work with the Treasury Department on a solution. Just last week Treasury had a government-to-government consultation call with tribes from across the country, where it reiterated that it has no authority to exempt tribes from the large employer mandate. While that may be true, Treasury also seems to be unwilling to advocate for a constructive policy solution to this issue.    We owe it to the tribes to provide them with certainty they need to provide for the general welfare and opportunity of their members and exempt them from the employer mandate. This is why I have introduced legislation, and I look forward to working with the members of this Committee to fix this critical situation.    With that, I yield back.