    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, good morning. Welcome. Thank you all for your testimony this morning. I think it should point out, in light of all of the challenges and difficulties you are facing, Nebraska, by certain measures, has had one of the best outcomes for service to veterans, particularly in terms of the measure of process, time for processing claims.    I think we were one of the states that actually took on additional caseloads when other systems were under such severe stress. So I am proud of that. It doesn't diminish, though, the need obviously to continue to work aggressively across the nation. But to the degree that we have served as a valuable template, service delivery, we are happy to be in that position.    Mr. Secretary, I really do appreciate your freshness of approach, and your creative commitment to trying to rethink some of the architecture in order to get us all to the goal that we share; the highest and best quality of care for our veterans.    In that regard, I want to bring up a specific example from home. Omaha has a difficulty with our hospital, as you are quite aware. Over the years, based upon a priority list, which is not necessarily the list of funding priorities, but is listed as a priority, which is to me, a peculiarity. Nonetheless, it has floated from 30 down now to 10, 19, all over the place.    The broader point being to--maybe that is based on analytics, maybe that is based on more subjective criteria. I just don't know. The broader point, though, is enhanced strategic partnerships are the way forward. It is the model for the 21st century of veterans care.    If, as you are--have been invited, and as I know you are working to commit to coming to Omaha when you do, you will be warmly received by creative community partners who are ready and capable to think about, again, an enhanced strategy that looks at a new model by which we can build out a potential new facility, if that is what is necessarily decided upon, as long as we have the flexibility for creative financing, or using existing structures that could be rehabilitated, or partnering with the excellent medical facilities through the University of Nebraska Medical Center, a great medical center, another five facilities that are already there.    A quick anecdote, I have had the American Legion of Veterans of Foreign Wars in my office this week. And the committee has heard me talk about something, and you have as well, called ``Veteran Certified Facility.''    And what I think this does is give us the ability to carry forward this important legacy of having the V.A. in charge of veterans health care, but maybe embedding that within other systems, as long as we have oversight authority over us, so that the quality of care is delivered. But it gets us out of this problem of putting money under the mattress for years, sometimes decades at a time, in order to build out a facility, because we simply have been doing it that way for the last 100 years.    The next 100 years, though, we can take that money that we do have, leverage it in strategic partnerships, and assure the veteran is getting the highest possible care, still while being under our authority. That is the new model and the way forward. I willingly commit our community to be your model template in this regard. I think--I don't think that is an overextension of the desires of the community that I represent.    But I would like to work with you, whether it means new legislative authority, or exercising the current authorities you have, or creating and enhancing those strategic partnerships, and labeling something like a veterans certified facility. I would like you to respond to that, please.    Mr. Fortenberry. Perfect, Mr. Secretary, we need to get out of this trap of this priority list, which has, again, a model submitted a long time ago, but is not enhancing the opportunity to leverage the strategic partners and actually give the service that veterans need and in a quicker fashion.    We have got to eliminate this construct, because we are just carrying forward--as Sam Farr was saying earlier--we carry forward in time legacy systems--in Appropriations, somebody gets trapped into whether or not we are going to plus up the same system or cut it back, rather than creating new architecture that actually makes sense in terms of service delivery.    Does that mean my time is up? I didn't realize I talked that long.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fortenberry. This was related to the line of questioning I wanted to undertake.    But first of all, let me make a quick recommendation, if there is some viable mechanism whereby you can creatively dispose of excess inventory and capacity working with communities, do not call it BRAC. Don't do that, because this is a positive thing. We are trying to make you more efficient and effective, not close stuff in communities, and that means transitioning this vacant property, underutilized property.    By the way, the V.A. clinic in Lincoln, Nebraska, where I live, has a similar dilemma, a very old, stately facility that needs to be preserved--enhanced and preserved, and there is development agreements that have tried to be worked, and it is completely stuck.    And meanwhile, what is happening? The V.A. is carrying excess capacity, taking money away from your primary mission, the community is not being as well served, because there are other development opportunities there, and we are losing the opportunity to rehabilitate and preserve historic structures.    So, I will think of--I will come up with an acronym if you want, but don't say BRAC.    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, perhaps, Mr. Secretary, this is the heart of the problem that we have all been talking around with our lofty ideals and strategic partnerships. The mechanism for this--one of them, anyway, to create a financing mechanism--could be this enhanced leasing authority, where private bill would lease back, or however you want to structure it.    You said it--``We used to have the authority.'' You no longer do. What happened?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, I think what would be helpful--and you alluded to this earlier--is if we can quantify what you need in terms--across multiple platforms, what we have talked about, in terms of enhanced authority that is going to give us creative opportunity to have the private sector either contribute, or be involved in the financing. So, we could just get going here. There is no reason for all of this holdup. It is just that we are carrying legacy infrastructure of previous ideas as to how to do things. Not a condemnation of the past. We had to do it that way. But we don't have to do it that way going forward.    So, I think as an outcome here--tangible outcome--can you get back to us with the list after the evaluation is done, what specific legislative authorities you need? Or if it is a matter of just cross-agency communication, as we talked about with the     Mr. Fortenberry . Who has some stress regarding enhanced leases or private bill with private build leased-backed arrangements--that would be very helpful.    Mr. Fortenberry. If you could do that quickly, that would be----    Mr. Fortenberry. All right. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, gentlemen.    Nebraska has one of the highest V.A. rated systems, and we are proud of that. But an ancillary problem to the larger problem of claims processing and patient management load is that Nebraska has taken on work from other states. Now, I think they have gladly done that and absorbed that with the capacity we have, but we can't get in a situation that starts--where that starts to create backlogs for ourselves.    We have been informed by several groups that that appears to be the case. Are you aware of this dynamic?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, no wonder you talk so plainly and give straightforward answers. Thank you.    Mr. Fortenberry. Good clean living----    Mr. Fortenberry. Oh, is that right?    Mr. Fortenberry. Further complicated the situation?    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, that is another ripple effect of the initial core problem, so appreciate your awareness of that.    Mr. Fortenberry. I want to turn to a second issue. There are several court cases where--involving V.A. chaplains who were censored and prohibited from applying the tenets of their beliefs. I don't have the latest information on that, but apparently in 2013 several were forced out of the chaplain training program.    Is this something that you investigate to ensure that the V.A. is not acting out of discord or confusion or against legal precedent?    Mr. Fortenberry. My own information is a bit limited, but apparently these--this is some--there is a manifestation of some real problem here. But if you would be willing to receive additional information as we get it, that would be helpful.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Mr. Chair.