    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Good morning. Thank you all for being with us today. I call this hearing to order.    Six years ago tomorrow, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, otherwise known as ``Obamacare,'' was enacted. It imposed a host of new obligations and taxes on insurance companies, individuals, and employers, including small businesses. These new burdens included an individual mandate, which requires that most individuals have health insurance and an employer mandate, requiring that most employers provide health insurance for their employees. In both cases, noncompliance results in significant penalties. Fortunately, employers with fewer than 50 employees were exempted from the employer mandate. However, their employees are still subject to the individual mandate and must have insurance. As we all know, many businesses with more than 50 employees can hardly be termed large, yet those businesses are ineligible for the exemption.    In order to provide an incentive for the smallest of the small, those employers with fewer than 25 employees, to provide employee health insurance, a small business health insurance tax credit was included to offset the cost to the employer. Like so many other parts of Obamacare, this was another case of over-promise and under deliver. Multiple assessments, both during initial implementation and now today, years down the road, have made it abundantly clear the credit scheme is so cumbersome and poorly designed that it is largely ineffective. As the credit's useful life comes to a close, today's hearing will reevaluate its efficacy from several different perspectives.    I would like to thank our witnesses for coming today, and I look forward to your testimony. I now yield to Ranking Member Chu for her opening remarks.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you.    If Committee members have an opening statement prepared, I ask that they be submitted for the record.    I would like to take a moment to explain the timing lights for each of our witnesses. You each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. Finally, at the end of your 5 minutes, it will turn red. I ask that you try to adhere to this time limit.    Our first witness is James McTigue, Director of Strategic Issues at the GAO, overseeing their audits of the IRS on a wide range of issues relating to tax administration and policy. He has 25 years of GAO audit experience across a variety of agencies and programs. Mr. McTigue holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Brown University and master's degree in public and private management from the Yale School of Management. I appreciate you being with us today, Mr. McTigue, and you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. McTigue. I appreciate your testimony. We will have questions here shortly.    Next up, I am now pleased to welcome Harold Jackson, who is Executive Chairman of Buffalo Supply, Inc., located in Lafayette, Colorado, just to my west from Kansas. Buffalo Supply is a family-owned business that has been devoted to providing high-tech medical supplies and equipment to the Federal Government since its inception in 1983. Mr. Jackson joined the company in 1990. He is also an active member of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, where he serves on the Small Business Council and the Government Procurement Subcouncil. He is also a longtime member of the Coalition for Government Procurement. I appreciate you being with us today, Mr. Jackson. You may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Jackson. I appreciate your testimony, and I am disappointed by your experience with SHOP, and hopefully, there will be some questions on that later.    Up next, I am pleased to welcome to the Subcommittee Holly Wade, who is the Director of Research and Policy Analysis at the NFIB. In that role, Ms. Wade oversees the foundation's publications, including the monthly ``Small Business Economic Trend Survey and Small Business Problems and Priorities.'' She also provides in-depth analysis on public policy issues that impact our small businesses. She is a member of the National Association of Business Economics and the Department of Commerce's Industry Trade Advisory Committee on Small and Minority Business. Ms. Wade is a graduate of the University of Washington, with a degree in political science and sociology, and she has a master of public policy from the University of Denver. And I appreciate you being with us today, Ms. Wade. You may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Ms. Wade. I appreciate your testimony. I look forward to questions and answers on that.    I am now pleased to yield to the Ranking Member of this Subcommittee so that she may introduce our final witness, Mr. Ricco.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I thank the Ranking Member for that introduction. Mr. Ricco, you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Ricco, and other witnesses for your input. I will go ahead and open it up for questions. We have a few Subcommittee members here, but I will start.    First, Mr. McTigue, Mr. Jackson, I appreciate your testimony. Mr. McTigue, we have been given the number of employers that are participating. What is the number of actual employees that are receiving some additional coverage because of this credit at that level? Do you have that data?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Certainly. In terms of that, the estimates that you presented were on the employer level, and, of course, the estimates from the CBO were significantly higher than they have come in. The number of employees, did they actually identify how many they thought would be covered because of this at that employee level? Did they meet those estimates with the implementation? Do you have those figures?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Yes, I appreciate that.    Mr. Jackson, you have given some insight, particularly your personal experience with your company and the limits working through the SHOP Exchange. Can you describe that a little bit more? You go to the SHOP. They ask for information you did not have, and then they refused to provide an estimate? I am just shocked that they would tell you, well, we do not provide estimates for small businesses. I assume in the State of Colorado, I see it is a state-run exchange. Was small business not a focus at all? I mean, there are exchanges, one exchange for small business and the individual market. Can you describe that a little bit more for the Subcommittee, your experience with the SHOP in your State?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Ms. Wade, the experience of Mr. Jackson, is that what you are seeing across other states, even if it was a state-level exchange or a federally-facilitated exchange, partnership exchange? Is this similar to the story you are hearing across the various States?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Follow-up question for any of the witnesses who can answer this. The information that Mr. Jackson provided to the SHOP, extensive hours and hours, then chose to go elsewhere because he really had no choice to stay in the SHOP, what happens to that information?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Yes, so you asked for some information, they reluctantly provided it, you turned it over to the SHOP, and then you did not even sign up through that. That is something I would like to follow-up on for folks that might be able to answer that. So I appreciate that, Mr. Jackson.    I see I am out of time, and I will recognize our Ranking Member for her 5 minutes of questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you. I would like to recognize Mr. Richard Hanna, who actually has personal experience in this arena. I look forward to your 5 minutes of questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Hanna. As Mr. Kelly prepares, I'd like to make a statement very quickly here.    I was not around when they passed this law, and it would be, I guess, fascinating to try to decide whether they really thought this would have an impact or was this kind of dropped in there and sounded good? In 2012, we had these discussions that it clearly was not going to work. Here we are 4 years later, still coming to the same conclusion. That is very disappointing.    Next, I recognize Mr. Kelly, but he had his questions already all answered. I appreciate you coming here. It has been a very quick hearing discussing this.    I am going to spend a couple more minutes and leave questions for the other members as well. As we move forward, if we are really trying to incentivize and encourage small businesses, if you could devise that, Mr. Ricco, how would you devise that? Obviously, you want to take the cap off so it would not punish or penalize those who actually are paying maybe more than their competitors. In 1 minute, if you could just say how would you devise this and what would you change to make certain that it produces the effect to encourage our small businesses to provide a pretty expensive benefit for their employees. Mr. Ricco?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Okay. Ms. Wade, any thoughts on the system, the Wade system if you put that together?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Simply an additional cost of doing business and that might provide some benefits, but at the end of the day you still have to have enough business to cover that cost.    Mr. Jackson, personal experience? If you were looking out there and waved a magic wand, what would it look like?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Mr. McTigue, you have an interesting perspective and very insightful. I mean, 4 years ago sitting with businesses, particularly with the Chamber and say, hey, we knew this was not going to work, worse than we feared. How would you devise that, scrap it all together and replace it with what?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Okay.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Yes.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. McTigue, Mr. Jackson, Ms. Wade, and Mr. Ricco. I appreciate your testimony. I wish we would have a happy story today, and that is not the case. But thank you for being here.    As we know, the Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit was created with a stated purpose of making it easier for small business owners to provide health benefits for their employees. The numbers in testimony show, however, that this credit simply did not deliver, and from what we have heard today, I believe we can see why. This credit proved to be complicated, confusing, and costly to implement. It is yet another broken promise to the small business community.    The Committee on Small Business remains dedicated to the interest of small businesses and their hardworking employees. It is our duty to ensure that America's entrepreneurs, job creators, and their employers are actually being helped, not simply being paid lip service.    I ask unanimous consent that the members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    The hearing is now adjourned.