    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank you Mr. Thompson. Gentlemen, I am sorry I wasn't here for the beginning of your testimony, but I spent my last night reading it, and I found it fascinating.    So, I want you to know that I am very appreciative of what each of your agencies is doing and attempting to do and identifying in terms of keeping us safe here. How you have expanded your interactions, and your information sharing, and your methodologies, and your creativity with other--places, including foreign countries so that we can all be safe.    That is very important to me. I am particularly struck by Homeland Security and I want to associate myself with Mr. Keating and Mr. Paine's remarks about our responsibility to ensure that as you are the protector of the homeland, that you have the resources necessary to be flexible, to be responsive, to be proactive, to do what you need to do to keep me safe without engaging in the political wranglings of whether or not we should be holding the President's foot to the fire on something that he did because Congress couldn't see fit to do.    But nonetheless, my question is more narrowed, and I think it is similar to Mr. Loudermilk's questioning. I am concerned about growing our terrorists here, taking who we think are everyday young people, having them exposed to the way these radical organizations use the social media and any other recruitment resources, and how--what is it that we can do to sort of cut it off at the pass?    What is it that we should be doing in terms of accessing young students, vulnerable college students? Are there resources that we should be putting in educating and counteracting some of this negative propaganda, this ideology-spewing that is taking place with--how do we help our communities and our families see signs?    Are there any commonalities of the characteristics of people that we have seen that seem to be most vulnerable that are home-grown, that seem most vulnerable to this radicalization? Can you share with me where you think our greatest threat is in terms of the security?    Is it on the Southern Border of the United States and Mexico? Is it some other borders that we are talking about? For someone like me, I consider myself Spongebob. I want to soak up as much information as I can get. I need to have a better understanding of those questions, and whoever is able to answer any part of it, I would be greatly appreciative.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Chairman.