    Mr. Yurek. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee for inviting me to testify on this important topic. I am Steve Yurek, and I am the president and CEO of the Air-Conditioning, Heating and Refrigeration Institute. AHRI has 315 member companies that manufacture more than 90 percent of the residential, commercial, and industry air conditioning, space heating, water heating, and commercial refrigeration equipment sold and installed in North America.    Our members employ over 100,000 people in manufacturing, and more than 1 million American jobs when you include those involved in distribution, installation, and maintenance of our equipment. I want to make it clear that our industry has a long record of leadership when it comes to innovation, energy efficiency, and environmental stewardship. In fact, the equipment our members produce is 50 percent more efficient than it was just 20 years ago. But even as we innovate and develop the next generation of highly efficient equipment, we always have in mind the needs of our customers who are, after all, the people who buy and use our equipment.    We have three main concerns with the current statutes that I would like to discuss today. First, the authority Congress set forth for setting efficiency standards, the Energy Policy Conservation Act, is 40 years old and has not been undated to reflect new technologies and economic realities.    Two, in addition to the impact in our industries, consumers are paying a heavy price, both in real monetary costs and in comfort and safety. When new equipment costs more than consumers can afford, they find alternatives, some of which compromise their comfort and safety while saving less energy, and in some cases, actually using more energy.    Finally, American jobs are being lost, in part, because of the promulgation of ever more stringent deficiency regulations, and the worse thing is, DOE admits that these regulations cost jobs.    While the Clinton administration issued six major efficiency rules during his 8 years in office, the current administration issued eight major efficiency rules in 2014 alone. There are real consequences from this rush to regulate. Yes, complying with these rules cost my member companies millions and millions of dollars, but what is far more important, it should be far more worry to Congress, is that American jobs are being lost, and consumers, who are already feeling financially squeezed, are being forced to pay more for products they rely on in their everyday lives from comfort cooling and heating, to refrigeration, to hot water.    EPCA requires that all efficiency standards meet the twin tests of technically feasible and economically justified, and yet, DOE has issued rules that use unrealistic assumptions in its analyses to justify higher efficiency levels. I will give you a couple of examples.    For commercial boilers, DOE estimates the new standard would save just eight-tenths of a percent more energy than the existing standard, but would cost manufacturers up to $24 million to comply. For residential boilers and commercial refrigeration equipment, DOE justified the economic impact of the higher efficiency levels by using the assumption that no matter how much the product increases in price, demand for that product would never decrease.    Every time DOE issues a new rule, it issues a press release estimating the rule's benefit in cost savings for consumers and energy savings for the Nation based on theoretical models. DOE has never looked back to see what the energy savings actually were, or if consumers actually ever benefited from spending more money, and the current law does not even require such a review.    Finally, DOE projects future job losses in several of its rulemakings for our products. For example, in two separate rulemakings for different types of commercial air-conditioning units, DOE noted small business manufacturers would need to redesign their entire private offering or leave the market. DOE acknowledged a potential scenario in which a rulemaking for commercial refrigeration equipment could cause all existing production to be moved outside of the United States, resulting in a loss of over 3,500 jobs.    Changes to EPCA should be implemented in phases with the collaboration of all stakeholders. I urge all members of the upcoming conference committee to ensure that the technical corrections in H.R. 8 remain part of the final energy bill. Broader EPCA reform should stress flexibility, enhance technical and economic justifications, and the process should be overhauled to maximize transparency and stakeholder engagement. Congress should require DOE to convene stakeholders to discuss and recommend a new regulatory framework.    AHRI is ready to work with Congress, DOE, and other stakeholders on ways we can, together, fix and update this 40-year-old law to create a new, more open process, conserve energy, help manufacturers remain competitive in the global marketplace, and benefit all consumers. I appreciate the chance to appear today, and I look forward to answering any questions you might have and to working with you as we move forward on this important issue.    Mr. Yurek. No.    Mr. Yurek. No.    Mr. Yurek. Yes. I think the process, the DOE is in a bind in some ways by the statutory language of this 40-year-old act and how they are required do the analysis. They are in a bind by the timeframe in which they need do all these rules. They don't have the time anymore because of all the rules that they are involved in, to do the deep analysis that they used to be able to do and confer with everybody.    And they also have the court order saying that they need to meet these deadlines so----    Mr. Yurek. Yes. No, I think that is one of the economic analyses that needs to be done. I think they forget the purpose of this act is not to go to the maximum tech and maximum efficiency, it is to slowly raise the bottom so that everybody can purchase that equipment and have those savings.    There are other programs such as Mr. McGuire mentioned related to Energy Star that are the pull, to get those other higher efficients, to get people to buy that equipment. What we are seeing now is that this program is being used to go to the max tech versus going the minimal level where people get savings and benefits but don't have the cost.    Mr. Yurek. First off, yes, they can comply with it, but how they comply with it is that it costs a considerable amount of money in the conflict between the two statutes going into effect in the needs to spend money on research and development. And then once that research and development is completed they need to then retool their plants. And so yes they can do it. It is going to cost. The big manufacturers that have the funds will have the ability to do it, it will be several of the small manufacturers that don't have the funds available that will go out of business either be acquired by the bigger ones or just leaving the area.    Mr. Yurek. I agree with Mr. McGuire in that that proper analysis has not been done. And the burden on manufacturers is not being considered, and actually has been ignored when raised in some of the rulemakings related to commercial refrigeration equipment where we did raise EPA changing the refrigerants that can be used at the same time efficiency regulations went into effect.    And DOE said, well, they haven't changed it yes so we are using the current refrigerant. They issued the rule, 6 months later the EPA banned those refrigerants. There are two different implementation dates, one is 2016 for refrigerants and 2017 for the energy efficiency standards. You have to redesign twice in two different periods of time.    Mr. Yurek. We have a lot of concern. I think looking at this 40-year-old law, that it is dealing with products, and in some instances it is going into the components of those products and pieces of equipment, which is the wrong direction. Really what we should be looking at is how these products are put into the house or into the building and looking at an overall systems approach to efficiency to really look at the gains. Because if you start dictating and regulating the components, be it the compressor, now they are looking at regulating the fans that go into the HVAC, air conditioning and furnaces, and others, you are dictating how these products are designed. And once they are put into that product, they might have--and we have shown in a case, in a proposal out with the California energy commission when they were doing this with the air handlers, what they were proposing on the efficiency level for fans, actually used more energy when applied in the air handler than being able to design the overall product and the energy use of that air handler.    And so we just want to make sure that this is done rationally and the current law doesn't give DOE that type of authority to look at the broader picture. And I think we just need to step back and say, it is 40 years old, let's look at it and make some changes and make it better so we can actually get some energy savings out in the field and have consumers be able to afford the equipment.    Mr. Yurek. Congressman, I think this is a really important issue. And I think it is bringing back the balance that was originally put out in the 40-year-old law where it says, technically feasible and economically justified.    Right now the focus is too much on the technical feasibility in saying, hey, my manufacturers manufacture products everywhere from the Federal minimum to very high efficiency. Yes, we can go to the high efficiency but we need to look at the cost. And I think it is bringing that balance back to that economic justification in saying this law is intended to raise that floor slowly.    People that have the incomes in Maryland and other places are going to purchase the things with all the different bells and whistles on that you are refrigerators, their dishwashers, their air conditioners and everything else. But there are a lot of people in this country when you look at the cost now of the minimum-efficient air conditioner, you are looking at $6,000 to $10,000 at a minimum, that is done in an unplanned time, because most of the time these units go out when it is the hottest day of the year, or the furnace when it is coldest day of the year.    And the Federal Reserve just had a study last week that said over 47 percent of the American people have less than $400 in emergency cash available to them. So what are they going to do? They need that comfort. In the wintertime they need the heat. A lot of times for medical reasons they need the cooling in the summer. And so it is bringing back that balance. Probably putting more of an emphasis on the economic justification.    Mr. Yurek. Mr. Chairman, yes. Most of them as Ms. Noll said, 25 percent of the rules in this administration have been through the consensus process. That means 75 percent of those 40 others have not. I think we all support and would encourage that negotiation consensus process because there is more of that give and take that Mr. Eckman talked about versus the notice in comment where you only have--the adversarial is much more adversarial versus a negotiation and I think that is something we should look at.    Mr. Yurek. Congressman, what you are talking about is the famous furnace rule. And there again is related to technology.    This equipment is at a point where you have condensing and noncondensing and there is cost differences is considerable between the two technologies. Right now we are at the highest level of noncondensing efficiency and the rulemaking is looking at making a condensing requirement.    I think the groups--this would have been a rule that would have been great for negotiation, because we have seen over the years every rule that is come out has landed in litigation, and to see the groups come together and reach a solution would be a better solution.    But right now we are in the midst of notice and comment, and I believe DOE has just issued their proposed rule to OMB for review, so we will see what happens there. But having two separate product classes for condensing and noncondensing does not look like it will be something that will be put forward.    Mr. Yurek. I think it is very important because industry has the information that this rule is going to be based on it. It has information on what technology is available. It has information on the costs. It has information on the products that are being sold in there today, you know, both on the different efficiency levels. And so if that conversation doesn't occur, what is the regulator looking at to make its decision on is there significant energy savings? Can there be energy savings? And should we move forward with the rule?    And so it is very necessary for that dialogue. And I think DOE would like to have that dialogue, but again, they are tied by what you as Congress has put in this act in the serial rulemakings where you are mandating these rules every 6 years, and they just don't have the time, you know, to do a lot of times everything they need to do or like to do to get these rules out and also meet the court order from the 2nd Circuit to make sure they meet all their deadlines.    Mr. Yurek. Congressman, it is a huge problem, as I stated earlier, in that we need to know what the rules are, how all our products can be measured. And again, it is getting DOE the right information. If the test procedures aren't set, how do they know how products are performing out in the field?    Mr. Yurek. You don't know what the target is. You don't know what you are going to be measured on.    Mr. Yurek. Right.