    Mr. Clawson. Lost in thought. From a 30,000 foot level, seems to me that assistance for the continent for medical care: Ebola, malaria, all the mosquito-borne stuff--sounds like that's something America would do. Europeans step up. I like that. Anything that could protect property rights and therefore induce investment. That sounds like a long putt but good idea because if we don't get investment because everybody just makes off with the cash the average person is never going to get a lot better life. I think you all agree with that too.    American money for elections, I remember living in Europe and in France in the 1990s and looking down at the continent. I remember doing business on the continent and always saying what a mess in terms of elections. Human rights, kleptocracy.    Do we get our bang for our buck on that part of it? If I said to you all show me the money we spent in the 1990s, Ambassador--we spent a lot of money in the 1990s in places that aren't any better and sometimes worse, right? Am I right or wrong about that?    Are we really getting better, given all the American tax money? No one likes a zero return on investment. What matters to me is a net gain and I feel like we do net gain on healthcare and other direct assistance for people that really need it.    But I'm not so sure that in the dictators we've supported or elections that we've tried to help that we really get a direct return on that. Am I right or wrong? And I'm sure you're going to tell me I'm wrong and I'll accept your answer.    Ambassador Wharton. Congressman, I would never tell you that you were wrong but I could beg----    Mr. Clawson. Everybody else does.    Ambassador Wharton. I could beg to differ. No. Look, you raise a very important point. I feel the same way sometimes on a day to day basis or a weekly basis. I feel like I'm banging my head against the wall.    Mr. Clawson. Is Nigeria really any better than it was 20 years ago?    Ambassador Wharton. Absolutely. Yes, sir. Absolutely.    In 1985 when I joined the Foreign Service there were two democratic governments in Africa. Today, there are, arguably, 25 or 30.    I do believe that democracies don't go to war with one another the way authoritarian states do. So that's a plus for us.    The rise of the African middle class--you've got 1 billion people today, 2 billion people by 2050. That is an enormous market for American goods and services.    We need to be there now to help establish clear rule of law court systems, legal systems that will protect American investors and American businesses when we're able to more fully take advantage of the rising middle class in Africa.    You rightly point out the work that we do on public health--we should be extremely proud of that. We have saved literally millions of lives at, you know, tremendous expense to us as taxpayers but also tremendous benefit to the United States in terms of helping to keep our own country healthy--helping keep disease away from our door.    Mr. Clawson. Like everything you're telling me, how often do we support people that end up being crooks?    Ambassador Wharton. I could not give you an exact percentage. It does happen.    Mr. Clawson. Agree with all that. Just hope we get it right. Because if we support the bad guys it's the big men or the strong men, they make off with the cash then you got a whole bunch of people that aren't getting food and blame it on the U.S. because we're propping up crooks and I don't think that helps us either.    So, you know, this is a tough task you all got. Humanitarian, private property, investment--I'm all for that. Thank you. I yield back.