    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing on the 2017 Air Force budget request for projection forces program, under the jurisdiction of our subcommittee. And thank you, as well, to our distinguished witnesses that are here today.    The tankers, bombers, and airlift programs that fall under the projection forces side of our panel's oversight serve as the backbone of our Nation's ability to conduct operations and preserve our Nation's interests around the world.    As we know all too well, however, they all share the common enemy of age. The tankers and bombers in service today are largely legacy aircraft that, in most cases, are much older than the airmen and women who fly them.    As we have heard repeatedly in our hearings over the last year, the need to modernize and recapitalize these aircraft and their capabilities is increasingly critical. Rapidly improving A2/AD capabilities, long-range weapons, and sensing technologies make upgrading and replacing our legacy fleets that much more important.    In order to meet these challenges, we must make the right investments today to ensure that we stay ahead of these trends. In my view, the 2017 budget we are considering here today makes important investments toward this goal and, on the whole, moves us in the right direction.    Most notably, the budget continues to reflect the high strategic priority placed on two critical recapitalization programs, the KC-46A Pegasus tanker and the newly designated B-21 Long Range Strike Bomber.    Both programs have recently seen important milestones in their progress. For example, a KC-46A successfully conducted an in-flight refueling of an F/A-18 Hornet last month, making the aircraft's first use of the tanker's hose and drogue system.    And the B-21 bomber recently saw the restart of the program, following the conclusion of a protest of the contract award. Together, these developments show continued progress toward rebuilding the essential backbone of our force projection capabilities. And I look forward to an update on the status of these two efforts.    An ongoing area of concern for me is the modernization of our C-130H fleet. The ``Flying Yankees'' of the 103d Airlift Wing in Connecticut have largely completed their transition to their new C-130H flying mission.    This mission, which ends several years of uncertainty about losing their A-10 mission in BRAC 2005, provides a sustainable and relevant role for our State and an important mobility capability for our Nation.    Until last year, Congress and the Air Force had struggled to move forward on a clear plan to modernize our C-130Hs. Working with Air Force officials that are here, General Holmes, in particular, we included language in the 2016 NDAA to allow the service to move forward with a two-part modernization program to meet near-term FAA and international airspace mandates that go into effect in 2020 and then focus on the longer-term upgrades, to ensure the viability of the fleet well into the future.    I am pleased that the budget accelerates both modernization efforts, known as AMP 1 and AMP 2, for the C-130H fleet. It is my understanding that, through this budget, the Air Force intends to have most, if not all, of the fleet airspace compliant by the 2020 deadline.    Further, the budget outlines a plan to install 42 Increment 2 upgrades by 2021 and to the rest of the fleet by 2028. I look forward to hearing from the witnesses about ways in which the Air Force, with the support of Congress, can continue to accelerate Increment 2 to meet the enduring need for these workhorses of our Nation's airlift.    Finally, over the last year, Congress has made meaningful and bipartisan progress in limiting the impact of sequestration and the Budget Control Act . While partially limiting the across-the-board cuts in 2016 and 2017 was important, the fact remains that our Air Force, like the military at large, remains handcuffed by sequestration in 2018 and beyond.    Ever since passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act last fall, several world events have further demonstrated just how important it is for all of us on this committee and our colleagues to work on both sides of the aisle in Congress to come together to make the compromises needed to protect our security and support the needs of our Nation.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses and our colleagues on the subcommittee.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, again, just at the outset, General Holmes, I just want to again publicly thank you for working with the committee last year as we have an, obviously, high degree of member interest, in terms of this issue of avionics modernization. And your intervention and, you know, just common sense really helped us get to a good resolution. So, thank you for that.    And just to maybe get a quick update on the record, again, you have been pretty positive about your confidence level that we are going to hit that 2020 requirement. I mean, is there a contracting process that is begun? You know, is there enough funds in the budget, in terms of, you know, what you are projecting to accomplish that goal?    General Bunch. We don't see, at this time, sir, we don't see anything that would preclude us from making that date. Increment 1 is fully funded for the 172 aircraft, and we are tracking that. We see no roadblocks to making that date, at this time.    Mr. Courtney. That is good news. And, with regards to Increment 2, again, it looks like the budget that was submitted this year, you moved up the compliance to 2028, which, last year, I think we were out in the 2030s or 2040s or something, so. So, obviously, that is positive movement.    So what factors, you know, are informing the current installation profile for Increment 2? Is that rate dictated by industrial-based concerns, or is it funding related?    General Bunch. Sir, we have laid in to get all of them by the mandate. And, so, we think we have met the requirements, and now we are building a plan for which tails we are going to go first. And we are looking at that in a holistic look, as to the age of the fleet and how we go forward.    General Holmes. And, if I could, Ranking Member Courtney, I would add that, as you look at how fast you are able to complete those Increment 2 kits, one of the considerations is how many airplanes can you take out of use at a time?    And, so, we think we have built it at a rate that we can manage that risk, by taking the airplanes out of use to be able to do that lengthier Increment 2 modification, against our need to get it done as fast as we can.    And, so, we think that schedule is about the right balance of risk between delaying the modernization and making sure that we have enough airplanes available out of that total fleet of 300 to meet the requirement.    Mr. Courtney. Great. Then, can I just have one other question, which is about, again, the C-130s, which is the issue of propulsion and propeller upgrades for the C-130s. You know, Congress, obviously, has shown a pretty clear and continued interest in C-130H engine and prop upgrades that have provided increased efficiency.    What efforts is the Air Force making to program funding to ensure that the entire fleet receives those types of improvements?    General Bunch. So, right now, sir, and thank you for the question, what the Air Force is doing is we have started an operational assessment. And we are doing that operational utility evaluation of the three propulsion modernization efforts that we had started. We had done each of those incrementally or individually, but we hadn't done those synchronized together in one thing.    So, we are now doing an operation or evaluation with the Air National Guard and the Air Force Reserve Test Center at Tucson. That will complete in July of 2017. And we get through that, we look at the criteria and how it is scored out. Then we will make a determination of whether we continue to fill that across the fleet or how we would go forward.