    Mr. MITCHELL. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Chu, for the opportunity to testify before this Subcommittee.    As you stated, my name is B. Doyle Mitchell, Jr. I am president and CEO of Industrial Bank headquartered in Washington, D.C. The bank was founded by my grandfather at the height of the Great Depression in 1934. We just celebrated our 81st birthday, and we are the oldest and largest African-American commercially-owned bank in the Washington metropolitan area. We have over 100 employees, and I testify today on behalf of 6,000 community banks represented by the Independent Community Bankers of America. Thank you again for convening this hearing.    In addition to being a member of ICBA, I am also former immediate past-chair of the National Bankers Association, which is a trade association for the nation's minority-owned and women-owned financial institutions. There is an extremely important segment of community banks like mine that were founded to serve minority communities and historically underserved areas often ignored by larger financial institutions. Community banks play a critical role in providing small business credit, and yet, the vital partnership between community banks and small businesses is at risk today because of the exponential growth of regulation. Dodd-Frank is really just the pile-on of regulation. And in a few short years, the nature of community banking has fundamentally changed from lending to compliance.    I was speaking to my CFO two days ago and he was talking about the growth in the call reports going from 60 pages to 80. I believe regulatory burden has contributed significantly to the loss of 1,300 community banks since 2010. While, yes, there have been acquisitions and consolidations, many community banks that I come in contact with have just thrown their hands up and given up. And so the good news is there is a solution, and ICBA's plan for prosperity is a regulatory relief agenda that will allow Main Street's small businesses to prosper. A copy of the plan is attached to my written statement.    Now, I come in contact with hundreds of banks on an annual basis from four different associations. So while ICBA has put this forth, I can tell you I do not get any argument from other bankers. The plan includes 40 recommendations--nearly 40 recommendations covering major threats to community banking, and I want to focus my comments on the plan's mortgage reform provisions.    Home equity is often an entrepreneur's greatest source of capital, and they should be able to tap into that to start or expand a business. However, it is often hard for self-employed individuals to document their income as required by the CFPB's qualified mortgage, or QM rule. QM is a safe harbor that shields a lender from draconian litigation risk. For most community banks, QM essentially puts a tight box around underwriting and loan terms. Because it is inflexible and does not give bankers discretion, such as ours, to use his or her judgment, QM is cutting off small business credit.    We believe any mortgage community bank holes in the portfolio should be QM. And we sell loans, but we sell about 50, 60, sometimes 70 percent of our loans, and the loans we hold in portfolio are those creative loans that QM would effectively stop from occurring.    We are encouraged by the bills' introduction in the Senate and the House so far. Two bills in particular best represent the scope of the plan for prosperity. The Clear Act, H.R. 1233, sponsored by Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer, includes the portfolio QM provision that I described, in addition to other provisions designed to preserve community bank mortgage lending and servicing, reform bank oversight and examination, and provide relief from redundant annual privacy notices.    The second bill is H.R. 1523, introduced by Representative Scott Garrett, which would provide community banks with new capital options to strengthen their viability. Minority banks are always looking for additional capital and most other community banks are as well. We encourage you to co-sponsor these important bills as well as other bills embodying the plan for prosperity provisions.    One last item I would like to note is that ICBA believes community banks should be excluded from CFPB's forthcoming small business data collection rules. Small banks did not create those problems and they should apply to the institutions or larger institutions that actually do. This rule will require information reporting on every small business loan application, much like HMDA, which is very tedious. HMDA, at this point, probably has nearly 100 different data points, and if you miss one, the examiners will call you in violation of law.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. MITCHELL. Absolutely not, Mr. Chairman. In fact, even before Dodd-Frank, I think we were overregulated. I have been in the business for 30 years and I have seen periods of additional regulation. And it always increases. It always increases.    My colleague spoke a little bit about the amount of money that he spends on regulation. What we spend--and we are only $370 million--dwarfs that. And I do not see any benefit to the customer. Community banks take care of their customers anyway. That is what we do. So the answer is no.    Mr. MITCHELL. You know what? It affects lending to all people because many times we think about the regulations while we are actually trying to look at and underwrite a loan. You know, in the back of your mind you are always thinking about what if the regulators do this.    Mr. MITCHELL. Half.    Mr. MITCHELL. Yes.    Mr. MITCHELL. It is always tougher on those that are low, moderate, and middle class.    Mr. MITCHELL. No question about it.    Mr. MITCHELL. Absolutely.    Mr. MITCHELL. Thank you, Mr. Kelly. In my travels I have come across, as I said, a number of banks, and certainly, I have come across a number of CDFIs in the state of Mississippi. And I feel their pain as well. Dodd-Frank had a lot of great intentions. It really did. The problem with Dodd-Frank is you cannot outlaw and you cannot regulate a corporation's motivation to drive profits at all costs. So while it had a lot of great intentions, in over 1,000 pages, it has not helped us serve our customers any better. Just like the institutions in your state, community banks, you know, we are there for our customers. We actually really do care about our customers. Dodd-Frank was intended for maybe 50 to 100 institutions. It was not intended for mainstream institutions, minority banks around the country, like the one in Newark, New Jersey, City National. Mr. Payne, your father was a great individual.    So it has not helped. It has not helped. It has only increased our cost. And if my costs of complying were as low as Mr. Eagerton's, I would be happy. But our cost of compliance is probably approaching a half million dollars.    Mr. MITCHELL. Do you have any idea what it is going to be like on October 1?    Mr. MITCHELL. It costs way more. The loan package is probably this thick, and if anyone in this room bought a house 20 years ago, you already remember how many documents you had to sign, how many documents you had to read. I bought my first house in 1989, and it was a chore, as a banker, for me to get through it all. I only hope I can stay in my house forever now.    Mr. MITCHELL. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. It is not any clearer about what they are signing. In fact, it is even more cumbersome for them now. We do mortgage loans. And I was sharing with someone before the hearing, the unfortunate thing is we are seriously--we have done mortgage loans for 81 years. We are seriously thinking about getting out of the mortgage business. And that would be a tragedy, because we do a lot of lending for minority customers.    Mr. MITCHELL. Well, I think you are absolutely right. As Ms. Hahn spoke of, you know, I think larger banks do want to try to benefit from an effort that really should be tightly geared towards community banks. We do not want to throw the baby out with the bathwater, but the bathwater needs to be drained significantly because it is pretty dirty. So you are absolutely right. You cannot expect a trillion dollar institution to focus on $100,000 loans. And as you reduce the number of community banks, what you end up with is fewer larger banks that cannot focus on $100,000 loan. So you are absolutely right.    Mr. MITCHELL. If I may, while we are not examined by CFPB, we are still subject to the rules that they write. So the exemptions are not as clear as you may anticipate that they are. We would not be here if that was the case.    Mr. MITCHELL. Yes, sir. Number one, community banks, and particularly minority banks, we are always seeking capital as in the case of City National.    Mr. MITCHELL. And what the rules say, as they stand now, it limits the pool of those investors that we can go to for capital. And so by including the residence in the net worth calculation, it opens up the pool to just more individuals without us having to go through a number of steps, a number of hoops to offer capital to those investors.    Mr. MITCHELL. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Mr. MITCHELL. Absolutely. In a private offering, which is a small offering of capital, it just opens up the pool to a number of other people.    Mr. MITCHELL. Fortunately, they have just completed their recapitalization and they are on solid ground for the future under the direction of the NBA chairman, Preston Pinkett.    Mr. MITCHELL. Thank you very much.    Mr. MITCHELL. Well, it goes back to the fact that community banks, we actually care about our customers, and I think when you look at most of the discrimination in lending and predatory practices in lending, it has been systemically present in larger institutions. Community banks, we are here to make loans. We want to make loans. And since we are part of the community, our reputations are at stake if we engage in those practices. So while there is a clear need to try to outlaw discrimination at any level, I do not think it is necessary for community institutions. HMDA is a very tedious--while necessary, it is a very tedious requirement. And the data points of HMDA have grown so much it is almost impossible for institutions to comply on an ongoing basis. I mean, we spend a lot of time on money on HMDA data collection and ensuring its accuracy, and I see this as another form of that.    Mr. MITCHELL. Yeah. We have a lot of concerns about it. In fact, we had an expert title attorney come and speak to our lenders about the upcoming requirements. And while we are actually trying to shorten the amount of time from application to closing, she, in no uncertain terms, said that it would add 15 days easy to the process as the paperwork is very difficult. Settlement companies are still trying to get their hands around the requirements. And that is pretty scary.    Mr. MITCHELL. I will speak very briefly. As an econ major----    Mr. MITCHELL. I certainly appreciate your analogy. And the extension of credit and the multiplier effect is what makes the economy go. It is not really actually rocket science that small businesses create most of the jobs. And small businesses get most of their credit from small and community financial institutions. It is pretty much as simple as that.    Mr. MITCHELL. And the amount of time that we spend on compliance is tremendous. One hundred twenty people, a third of their job is compliance, and that does not produce loans and move the multiplier effect----