    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Folks, I do think that your decisions are life and death. You will never meet the people. But if we have another 2008, every one of our districts will have higher divorce rates, higher unemployment rates, and higher drug use rates. And we will never be able to go to a particular funeral the way you can in San Bernardino and say, this is what happened. But there are thousands of Americans who would be alive today if we didn't have the 2008 meltdown.    So your work is every bit as important as those who are focused on terrorism.    Ms. White, we have the Financial Stability Board. We don't have--well, we have one of its members here. But it doesn't answer to the American people. How can we be sure that they don't push us to an activities-based approach on asset managers or anything else, that the decisions that are made that affect the American people will reflect the decisions made by those answerable to the U.S. Government? And that it won't be just a matter of, well, we went to the meeting, everybody else kind of wanted to go in this direction.    I have seen this--people talk about terrorism. We made loans from the World Bank to IMF and I was told, we would never let that happen, it is all consensus. Then they came back and said, sorry, we got outvoted.    So how do I know that to get along we are not going to go along with policies that don't reflect the U.S. decision-making?    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    There is all this focus on whether an organization--an entity has a lot of assets. Lehman Brothers didn't go under because it had too many assets. It went under because it had too many liabilities in contingent liabilities.    Ms. White, when you analyze whether an entity should be designated as a SIFI, do you look at the size of their assets, the size of their balance sheet liabilities, or the size of their off-balance sheet--contingent liabilities, including credit default swaps?    Mr. Sherman. I would hope that you would focus on liabilities rather than assets. No one ever went under because--    Mr. Sherman. --they had too many assets. But in looking at contingent liabilities, Mr. Woodall, I hope that we would not count those contingent liabilities of regulated insurance companies, because the State regulation of insurance companies seems to have weathered the storm.    Would we designate a company as a SIFI just because they had a lot of assets and liabilities if all the assets and liabilities we are looking on were part of State regulated insurance companies where the State regulators determined they had adequate reserves?    Mr. Sherman. Dodd-Frank calls for an annual review of designations. Do you have a way for a company--do we have a good process to allow companies to be de-designated, particularly if they have reduced their risk profile?    Ms. White?    Mr. Sherman. I hope that you will refine that process further. I yield back.