    Mr. Schaefer. Mr. Chairman and other members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to come here today to discuss the problems and concerns with U.N. peacekeeping, including recent allegations of abuse and the absence of accountability.    In my opinion, it is in the interest of the U.S. to have an effective United Nations. For this to happen, the U.N. must carry out its responsibilities competently and effectively and efficiently. It must operate in a transparent and accountable fashion. It must hold itself and its employees and representatives to the highest standards of conduct. This is particularly critical for U.N. peacekeeping where the organization sends civilian and uniformed personnel to protect and assist the most vulnerable. Unfortunately, the current organization falls gravely short.    First, U.N. peacekeeping is being conducted with unprecedented pace, scope, and ambition. These increasing demands have revealed ongoing serious concerns and problems, including poor transparency, mismanagement and corruption that have led to waste, fraud, and abuse in procurement and contracting; negligence and disregard that can lead to unintended tragedy such as the introduction of cholera into Haiti by U.N. peacekeepers; engaging in partnerships with governments that are non-democratic, corrupt, or hostile to human rights; and depending on peacekeepers to defend civilians despite a documented widespread reluctance to respond when civilians under their protection are threatened.    All these problems and others should lead to a stronger oversight by an independent inspector general equivalent in the U.N., which is currently lacking, and fundamental reevaluation of longstanding operations and those with robust mandates in situations of conflict to ensure that the missions are effective within the capabilities and willingness of the troops provided, and achieving their mandates.    Second, because the U.N. and its employees enjoy broad protections and immunities, the organization has an extremely heavy responsibility to self-scrutinize, self-police, self-correct, and punish wrongdoing. Unfortunately, accountability in the organization has been lacking.    Focusing specifically on peacekeeping, the most troubling problem is the frequency with which civilian and military personnel prey on the very people that they are supposed to protect. Last year it was revealed that senior U.N. officials tried to bury detailed knowledge of abuses by non-U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic. Worst, they then tried to fire whistleblower Anders Kompass for sending those details outside the U.N., so they might be addressed.    A U.N.-appointed independent review panel released a report in December condemning the U.N. for ``a gross institutional failure to respond to the allegations in a meaningful way.''    Unfortunately, the trends for sexual exploitation and abuse by U.N. personnel are going the wrong way. In 2014, there were 80 allegations. In 2015, the U.N. reported 99 allegations. Sixteen of those allegations occurred in 10 peacekeeping operations and involved individuals from 25 different nations. Thirty allegations involved U.N. personnel in organizations, funds, and programs not related to U.N. peacekeeping.    Last month, however, the Code Blue Campaign announced that they had learned of 108 new cases of sexual exploitation abuse in the Central African Republic. The problem appears to be getting worse, not better.    The U.N. has responded to this problem through some much overdue transparency in identifying the nationalities of those accused and announcing a series of changes in how such incidents should be reported, investigated, and addressed. The Security Council has endorsed the plan, and we have seen repatriation of troops and units with patterns of misconduct for, I believe, the first time.    However, the problem has never been the stated intent of the organization to address these problems. The problem has always been a failure to follow through on those stated plans. Specifically, the U.N. effort hinges on a number of suggested changes that have been ``requested'' of the troop-contributing countries. However, it is far from clear that there is a commitment by the troop-contributing countries to implement and adhere to those changes.    Making problems worse, the U.N. also seems to have an embedded hostility toward whistleblowers who can serve as a critical safety valve for reporting mismanagement and misconduct. The fear of reporting wrongdoing undermines the effectiveness and integrity of the U.N., and it must be shored up.    Finally, the methodology for assigning the cost of peacekeeping disproportionately shifts the costs away from the bulk of the membership and onto a relative handful of high-income countries like the U.S. Specifically, the U.S. is assessed over 28.5 percent of U.N. peacekeeping. The least-assessed countries pay 0.0001 percent of that cost. For the peacekeeping budget, the U.S. is assessed more than 185 member states combined. The U.S. will be assessed over $2.3 billion under this peacekeeping budget. The least-assessed countries will be assessed about $8,300. Nearly 80 countries will be assessed a total of less than $100,000, and over half the membership will be assessed less than $1 million.    This helps explain why member states are not necessarily all that enthusiastic or encouraged to actually conclude peacekeeping missions or constrain their costs. They don't pay very much for them, and that leads to a lack of incentive for them to fulfill their oversight role or to pursue budgetary restraint. A long-term solution requires a more equitable distribution of the cost of U.N. activities, so that all member states have this kind of incentive.    In conclusion, I want to emphasize the critical role played by Congress in U.N. reform issues in the past through the use of financial carrots and sticks. In my opinion, Congress can be a very effective ally of the executive branch in pursuing U.N. reform and pressure the organization to adopt the reforms and changes that are necessary and have been illustrated to be far overdue with the incidents that we have seen over the past year.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Schaefer. Thank you.    Mr. Schaefer. Thank you.    I think you were asking why the administration doesn't hold organizations to account for failure to fully implement whistleblower protections or to enforce the standards that they do have. Mr. Hannum laid out quite well the mindset, which is we don't want to upset the apple cart; we don't want to ruffle feathers in the organization.    Oftentimes, what happens is the U.S. administration, Republican or Democrat, will have very specific, often controversial policy objectives that they want to achieve through the organization. In that calculus reform of the organization frequently comes second. That is the way it works. They have a policy agenda. They want to achieve that. Pursuing reform of the organization, whistleblower protections, and other changes will perhaps upset other member states and lessen the ability for us to get the policy objectives done.    And that is actually why Congress has a role here. Congress can provide perspective and instructions on reform through legislation that would require and assist the administration to focus--and it doesn't matter whether it is Democrat or Republican--on achieving some of these fundamental institutional reforms.    I will point out that OIOS actually was established because Congress was threatening to withhold money in 1994. There was no inspector general equivalent at all in the U.N. organization until the U.S. withheld money, and we withheld it because of instances of waste, fraud, and abuse that the Congress at that time thought were unacceptable. That threat of withholding resulted in fundamental change. And the OIOS, although remains inadequate, wouldn't have existed at all without Congress.    Second, on the sexual exploitation and abuse and the Security Council Resolution, if you take a look at that resolution, it urges member states to do things. It calls on member states to do things. It requests member states to do things. It does not instruct the member states to do anything, the troop-contributing countries. It is not a binding document that forces troop-contributing countries to do anything. It asks them to.    As we have seen in the past, what happens in these instances is that the U.N. does just enough to deflect attention away from the scandal and the press attention long enough for the eyes to go somewhere else, and then, we don't see the follow-through.    The U.N. has had a zero-tolerance policy on sexual explotation and abuse for over a decade now. And yet, here we are having this hearing, talking about the exact same problems that led to that zero-tolerance policy back then. It is a lack of follow-through.    When you have requests from member states--the Secretary-General's report is like this, too--it has lots of ambitious plans, lots of agendas in there that are in development that have yet to be concluded, that are projected to be implemented, that request the member states to do X, Y, and Z, but it doesn't actually require them to do that.    I am sorry, there was another question. Oh, OIOS independence, that is a fundamental problem. The Office of Independent Oversight Services, the lack of independence, everything has to go through the bureaucracy. When you are reporting on the actions of the bureaucracy, yet you have to report through the bureaucracy, that is not an independent system. You can't expect it to operate in an independent fashion under that scenario. It doesn't have an independent budget. Therefore, it has to go through the regular system for resources, which is very problematic. That needs to be fixed.    I would also suggest--and I make this suggestion in my testimony, I believe--that the U.S. State Department should set up a separate IG unit in the State Department's IG Office to look specifically at international organizations like the United Nations. We are the largest contributor to those organizations. We have a very strong interest in making sure that taxpayer funds are used well there. I think that we should set up a dedicated unit to look into not just peacekeeping, but the U.N. system as a whole and have a series of experts set up there to do that.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Schaefer. Thank you.    Yes, the U.S. raises these issues a lot of times. It raises them in the Security Council. It raises them in statements when the missions come up. It raised them when these press incidents happen that bring issues and problems to light. The U.S. makes statements and says we need to address this; we recommend that we do X, Y, and Z.    Again, the lack of institutional follow-through and embrace of those recommendations or the failure of the organization itself to implement what we are calling for is habitual.    Mr. Schaefer. And I will give you a specific example of that.    Mr. Schaefer. Sure, sure.    Mr. Schaefer. Yes. There are two different ways to do that. One, in terms of U.N. peacekeeping, the Security Council can issue a binding resolution instructing all the peacekeeping operations how they should conduct themselves and how they should conduct their treatment of troop-contributing countries.    The General Assembly is the legislative body that, in essence, instructs the Secretariat on its rules, and the General Assembly can pass a resolution telling the Secretary-General and the Secretariat how to address various matters in a very direct way.    Mr. Schaefer. Generally, to get something through it will be watered down, as Mr. Hannum mentioned the resolution that the U.S. offered on sexual exploitation and abuse earlier this month. Egypt voted against it. They didn't want even the weak standards that were included in that resolution to go forward.    And it is generally a negotiating process. You do have to get a certain number of countries to support it, and you also have to avoid a veto by the five permanent members to get that resolution through in the Security Council.    In the General Assembly it is even worse. I mean, you have to get a majority of the General Assembly to support it, and a lot of those countries either aren't interested in whistleblower protection policies, for example, or in terms of the sense of troop-contributing countries, many of them are major troop contributors. And so, they don't want to have the standards put into place by the General Assembly that they, themselves, may oppose domestically.    Mr. Schaefer. If I could just follow up on that one last point, which is the compensation for the peacekeepers, it is about $1,400 per month right now. And there are strong economic and, also, just practical reasons for troop-contributing countries to contribute there.    First, they often make more money through the compensation per troop from the U.N., which is $1,400 a month, roughly, than they do for the cost of the peacekeeper themselves. And so, that can actually be a plus-up for their own defense budget.    Sending them on peacekeeping operations is a training exercise. It can help professionalize them. It can help assist their efforts to bolster the capabilities of their troops. It can also serve as a way to get practical experience and deployment abroad for their troops. So, there are a lot of incentives for troop-contributing countries to engage in U.N. peacekeeping.    And I think it is naive to think that if you just expect them and demand that they increase standards for training, if you increase standards for enforcement and investigation on sexual exploitation and abuse and other problems, that they would be completely disincentivized from engaging in this process. There are a lot of benefits to this for the troop-contributing countries, and asking them to increase their own standards I think is a very reasonable ask, and you would not see a lot of troop-contributing countries decide not to participate in the future if you did that.    Mr. Schaefer. I just want to echo what she said about the type of missions that the U.N. traditionally engaged in versus what we are engaged in today, very different operations, very different circumstances. And there should be an underlying question about whether the U.N. is actually the most suitable vehicle for engaging in those types of operations.    If you take a look at Mali, when did the U.N. get involved? It got involved after the French intervention. So, the French got in there, they intervened, and, then, they handed it as quickly as they possibly could off to the U.N. Well, there should be an expectation that, if the French considered it enough in their interest to intervene in the first place, that maybe they should have a responsibility and an interest in seeing it through to the point where a U.N. operation actually could responsibly assume those tasks.    On longstanding operations, I agree. A lot of these operations involve situations that are potentially fractious and could reignite, but you also have to question yourself, what have we been doing? You have a U.N. operation in Kashmir since 1949. You have had Cyprus since the 1960s. You have got Lebanon since the 1970s; the Syria operation, UNDOF, since the 1970s; MINURSO since 1991.    After two, three, four, five, six decades, you have to ask yourself, when are we going to see progress being made toward resolution rather than just keeping the parties from open warfare? We need to be focused on that part of the equation. If you could do that, you would have more resources for current operations because the troops that are tied up there could be moved someplace else, and the resources that are tied up there could be moved and applied to more current crises.    And the final question or the final point I want to make is on U.S. training of peacekeepers. I think the U.S. has a very important role in training. I think it is very important that we do that. I think it is very important that the U.S., in particular, do that because our standards and our expectations are well laid out and it is what we expect. We want to make sure that others hear that message and they implement it in terms of their own operations.    But a key problem, Mr. Hannum mentioned that there are 200,000 that have been trained under this program. Where are they? There is insufficient retention of the people that we train. They go in; they go out, or the training lapses and they don't adhere to those standards. Retention is a critical point of this.    If we are actually trying to make sure that we have peacekeepers available that are trained to the standards that we expect, we need to make sure that those peacekeepers are actually there, retained and available for deployment. So, that is a key element of this that I think needs to be emphasized.    Mr. Schaefer. Well, we have addressed a number of issues here today. OIOS independence is something that we know a great deal about, how to do an inspector general unit and make it independent. OIOS was established because of congressional withholding. I think that we should say exactly what we mean by an independent inspector general equivalent there and how that needs to be implemented. I would endorse using financial withholding if the U.N. proves reluctant on that. It is obviously necessary.    In terms of sexual exploitation and abuse, I think that the U.S. should go to the Security Council and demand a compulsory resolution saying that troop-contributing countries have to do A, B, and C, which they have endorsed and which the Secretary-General has endorsed. And if they don't follow through with that, then, again, I think congressional action is merited because the U.N. is 193 member states, but one thing they do listen to is financial incentives. And we have seen that repeatedly in the past, not just with the OIOS, but with the budgetary process in the 1980s, the Helms-Biden changes and reforms, and over and over and again.    I have spoken with Ambassador Wallace. I know he testified differently when he was the Bush administration, but privately he thinks that financial withholding has a very significant impact on the receptiveness of various reforms in terms of U.N. bureaucratic procedures and changes.    Mr. Schaefer. And the issue of confidentiality, I believe with the Anders Kompass case, the Ethics Office was complicit in an effort to try to identify him and retaliate against him. So, the independence and the confidentiality was certainly a problem in that case.    On the broader issue of resourcing and protection of civilians, the U.N. did a study in 2014 which looked into U.N. peacekeeping operations with a mandate to protect civilians. And they found that, of 570 reported incidences, the peacekeepers did not respond in 406, or 80 percent of those incidents where civilians were attacked.    I don't believe helicopters are going to respond or fix that problem. That is a lack of will and a lack of dedication or a lack of willingness to put themselves in harm's way to protect civilians on the part of the peacekeepers and the troop-contributing countries.    Mr. Schaefer. No, the mandate specifically instructs them to protect civilians. So, the instruction is there. The troops themselves do not meet that mandate. Because this was only on those missions where there is a specific instruction from the Security Council within the mandate to protect civilians. So, this is not a situation where, if only we had better equipment, we would have been able to protect civilians. That is not the case here. This is a case where there is a distinct lack of willingness on the part of the troops to fulfill that part of the mandate, and that is the core of the problem.    The troop-contributing countries got together and they said in the Kigali Principles, ``We are going to fix this problem.'' I haven't seen any real evidence that they have fixed it, and I would be really interested to get a detailed report on exactly what has been done and what the real-world impact of those principles has been on the missions where this problem was reported on the part of the U.N.    Mr. Schaefer. Let me just say that reporting to the General Assembly is not going to be a panacea on this at all. If you take a look back at a very concrete example, after Oil for Food, the U.S. was able to use that scandal to establish something called the Procurement Task Force, which was an independent unit to go after procurement fraud in the United Nations.    They were very successful. Their efforts resulted in the conviction of several prominent U.N. senior officials. But because those officials were of certain nationalities, in the case of the Procurement Task, Russian and Singaporean, those two countries led an effort in the General Assembly to prevent the reauthorization of the Procurement Task Force. They eliminated it because there was resentment by the governments whose nationals were found to be criminally complicit in corrupt schemes at the United Nations.    So, just reporting to the General Assembly doesn't remove the politics from this, which is one of the reasons why I think the State Department needs to have its own dedicated unit for international organizations in its Inspector General office. At least then we can know that you will have some sort of external effort to inspect, and the cooperation with that unit needs to be made----    Mr. Schaefer. They do that with the GAO now.    Mr. Schaefer. Again, this goes back to financial levers. How do you force the U.N. to comply with a lot of this? And that is, if you don't do it, then we will actually withhold money.    This is one of the reasons why the U.S. Government won't follow through on the whistleblower protections, is because they know that the organizations want the money. They don't want to create discomfort or distrust or ruffle feathers in the organization. So, they give the waivers.    But, if you make financial contributions complicit on cooperation in this area, then I think that you will see cooperation. They very much want the resources. The U.S. is the largest contributor. It is the biggest lever that we have. And if we want to see external oversight of the U.N.'s operations, then that is the way to go. Otherwise, you will very much see resistance.    Thank you.    Mr. Schaefer. Just a few concluding points. One is that there is a provision in most U.N. peacekeeping operations. They sign the SOFA, which provides for a Standing Claims Commission to be set up. These aren't set up. And so, there is really no recourse for a lot of people to go and actually lodge complaints for damages that are done to them by the peacekeeping presence or by the peacekeeping forces themselves.    This should be mandatory. It should be an automatic step. As soon as a mission is set up, those Standing Claims Commissions should be set up as well. The U.N. has provisions inside of it that sort of allow monetary damages and they cap them at a certain level. But in terms of instances of criminality where someone is raped and they are seeking compensation for the criminal act, I think it is important to tie the compensation to the perpetrator.    If you go to a U.N. Trust Fund, what message are you sending to the units themselves? You are saying that the member states, or whoever decides to contribute to the Trust Fund, are going to be paying the damages that you potentially commit. The troop-contributing country or the troops themselves, the person that committed the crime needs to be held responsible for the compensation for their actions. And that I think is an important thing. It would increase incentives for discipline, self-discipline, but also discipline by the troop-contributing country to make sure that their own troops don't misbehave in the way that we have been seeing.    Thank you.