    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing on the future of the grid. I don't know if I can be as energized as Mr. McNerney, but I did notice how energized you were and I was happy to see it.    The National Academy of Sciences has referred to the U.S. electricity grid as the greatest engineering achievement of the 20th century because it delivers critical energy services to consumers in an instantaneous, affordable and dependable manner. In fact, as a society, we have come to expect that every time we flip the switch in a dark room, light will appear. But our grid is changing as we speak. There are ever-growing demands on the grid to power our new technologies, to accept new forms of generation, while at the same time conventional attacks, cyber attacks, climate change, and other new threats require the grid to become more resilient. And the grid is now the subject of almost constant innovation and entrepreneurship as well as--as many of our witnesses are going to attest. How we unleash that innovative spirit and at the same time ensure overall system reliability is the challenge for the grid of the future.    Fortunately, advanced technologies exist to address these challenges, with substantial benefits for both the electricity sector and, in most cases, consumers. These new technologies are working smarter and promise electricity generation and delivery that is more efficient, economic and environmentally responsive. And while this transition will not be quick or easy, our witnesses today make clear that the move towards smart grid technology is already here.    Today, you can already find this technology deployed around the Nation. You can see it in the deployment of smart meters and other technologies that facilitate greater energy efficiency and cost savings, as well as in the deployment of solar and other distributed generation. These technologies will also help us move forward in the fight against climate change, providing new ways to reduce greenhouse gases emissions, while at the same time enhancing overall system resiliency and reliability.    In my home State of New Jersey, you can also see the deployment of smart grid technologies in the work DOE has done to set up a microgrid to prevent transit service outages in northern New Jersey, like the one we experienced during Super Storm Sandy. And while the movement to these new technologies is important in many cases, its near-turn adoption is not inevitable, nor is it necessarily a panacea for all the problems we face. And we will need to work with our State and local counterparts, including State regulators, to develop workable solutions. For instances, while a microgrid may help preserve power for a portion of a community during an extreme weather event, policymakers will be the ones tasked with deciding who gets the benefits of that power, and who pays for establishing the infrastructure. Similarly, the rate of adoption for many of these new technologies often depends on the incentives put in place by policymakers. For example, real time smart metering can provide consumers with critical information about their energy use during hours of peak demand, yet without the proper structures in place to encourage residential or commercial customers to use energy during off-peak hours, there is little motivation for someone to charge their electric vehicle at night instead of in the morning, or to alter their business plans to ensure others can consume electricity during the day.    And so policy questions still exist, but there is little doubt that adopting these new technologies to move us towards a smarter grid could spur benefits for consumers, our economy and the environment, and the witnesses before us today can help us navigate these obstacles to quickly realize the benefits of these technologies in a cost-effective manner. So I look forward to hearing your views.    I would like to yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask two things of Mr. Atkinson. First, you talked a lot about--and I wasn't here so I have to apologize, I had to go to the other hearing, but you talked a lot about increasing reliability. What has industry been doing since the blackout in August 2003 that, you know, went from Ohio to New York, to improve the reliability of the grid, and where are there technology gaps at this point?    Mr. Pallone. And then I wanted to ask you with regard to Super Storm Sandy, my constituents and I personally endured Super Storm Sandy, and could you explain--could you please explain whether and how we might avoid such severe and long-lasting power outages in future extreme events? It think it was about 2 weeks or so that we were out of power. What is being done now to prepare for future extreme events like that?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thanks.    I wanted to move to Mr. Nahi, if I am pronouncing it right. There was an earlier question, again, I wasn't here, raised by one of my colleagues about issues relating to integration of solar and wind to the grid, but to the extent there are truly issues there, aren't they easily dealt with? Could you just respond to that?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thanks a lot.    Thank you, Chairman.