    Dr. McDougall. No, the VA has no intention at this point of resuming construction. That will, again, be looked at as part of the Master Planning process.    Dr. McDougall. Thank you. I would like to tell the committee that I am as appalled by what the GAO uncovered as the committee is and Mr. Lilley is.    As part of the transition briefing that I was given to assume this job on January 1st, I was not happy with what I heard. And so I personally called the criminal OIG to make sure that they had all the information that I have so that we are all acting in concert. My office has taken over, the VISN office has taken over land use from this facility so it is now managed by my capital assets manager. Both she and my fiscal officer have been up there in the past couple of weeks to make sure that the billing practices and the SOP are in place.    We have--an audit will be done by my financial management staff in April, again to ensure that the billing and collection and segregation of duties piece is intact. We have a task force and a central office fiscal staff that are working with us to conduct a financial audit of our 25 entities on campus and to make sure that we are able to recoup whatever we can legally, and to assess all the different types of agreements we have moving forward. And then the future use will be governed by the Master Plan.    Dr. McDougall. Correct, January 1st.    Dr. McDougall. Yes.    Dr. McDougall. Yes, I am. And they have completely paid up what they owed us and they are off campus.    Dr. McDougall. That was our asset manager, Ralph Tillman, and he is retired from the VA.    Dr. McDougall. I believe in September.    Dr. McDougall. The average wait time for a new patient right now is about 4 days.    Dr. McDougall. That is true for mental health as well.    Dr. McDougall. There was a--central office provided a staffing algorithm to distribute the funding between mental health providers, specialty care providers and primary care providers and the support staff that goes along with this, so that is how the funding is being utilized.    Dr. McDougall. Eight hundred eighteen homeless veterans are being housed on the campus at this point in time.    Dr. McDougall. No, that is not inpatient, this is just homeless veterans in one type of housing or another, emergency transitional, long-term housing.    Dr. McDougall. I don't know if there is a waiting list or not.    Dr. McDougall. Yes, oh, yes.    Dr. McDougall. Moving forward it will be part of the Master Planning process and there will be working with any entity that is on campus right now to fully leverage--if they want to stay, to fully leverage their resources to provide direct benefit to the veterans.    Dr. McDougall. No. Well, peripherally aware of it, but not until I read the GAO report did I realize how severe the situation was.    Dr. McDougall. That is correct.    Dr. McDougall. $2,450 a month.    Dr. McDougall. It depends on the size of the unit they have, but it is between $1,500 and $2,000, but we do follow the National Quarters Management Program and we use the tool provided by the Department of Interior to calculate the rental value.    Dr. McDougall. No, it is raised--it is a biweekly payroll deduction so we are able to monitor that, and the rent is raised every year, or reevaluated every year. I know it is being raised in March.    Dr. McDougall. We are taking over in my office the Quarters Management Program, and we will be rolling that into how we evaluate land use in the Master Plan overall.    Ms. McDougall. No, I have not heard of it either. But that neighborhood council has been one of our community partners that is involved in the homeless strategic plan that is being developed right now.    Ms. McDougall. Again, I can't address how it happened. And the person that was responsible has left the organization.    But clearly there was not a segregation of duties as there should have been. And there was not a bona fide contracting officer involved. Moving forward, we have changed that. That is why it has been taken over, land use, by my office so that we can make sure there is no conflict of interest. We are working with the Network Contracting Office. And we will be auditing what is going on at GLA to ensure that this does not happen again.    Ms. McDougall. The Criminal IG is involved right now and is looking into it. I have heard, but it is not confirmed, that the FBI is also involved. So once we get those reports, we will do whatever we can to hold any individual we can accountable for what occurred at the facility.    Ms. McDougall. Yes.    Ms. McDougall. We will be looking for an urban planning firm to assist us with the master planning process.    Ms. McDougall. It did expire yesterday. And beyond that, we will have to look into the situation as to whether or not they are going--what the situation is with them on the campus.    Ms. McDougall. Well, they were building an amphitheater and the construction halted.    Ms. McDougall. So they have vacated and they have been off the premises since November.    Ms. McDougall. Right.    Ms. McDougall. If it is the company that I think you are referring to, it shouldn't have happened. And I agree with you 100 percent. It just never should have happened.    So that is, as you said, what the Criminal OIG is looking into. And we also have a central office fiscal team that is going to be looking into exactly what is going on with that company in terms of revenue generation.