    Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the chairman.    And I thank all of the panelists for their attention to this issue.    I mean, obviously, the safety nets are there for a purpose. And so our objective is not to just indiscriminately go across the ground, so to speak, and try to disrupt where it is appropriate.    But you have each given very telling testimony about just, really, frankly, remarkable inefficiencies in the way we share data and otherwise allow people to utilize the system in a way. I hesitate to use the word ``manipulate'' because we do know there are some people that may be caught in unemployment, employment.    But there is also a lot of people that take advantage of the system, the earned income tax credit being filed at one point in time and then later filing for unemployment benefits. So we have examples in which there are two separate documents filed to the same agencies that are by their very nature competing with each other.    Ms. Rohlman, you are in the private sector, and a lot of what I am hearing here is the inefficiency or inability for databases to talk to each other. What should we be doing better?    Because in the private sector I am amazed at how quickly information changes. All I have to do is do a search on something and now I have companies coming to me trying to sell me products because I have looked at something. And people are making evaluations while I am using a credit card. They are looking at databases.    What's missing in our system that we are so incapable?    Mr. MEEHAN. What about the privacy laws? What is there that needs to be fixed in that that could allow us to catch appropriate protection for people's privacy, but identify those who are acting fraudulently?    Mr. MEEHAN. Notwithstanding that many of these programs are Federal programs that are operated through the States. So the State's acting as an agent for the Federal Government in many of these or at least working as a supplementary source. So they are complementing each other. But many are working simultaneously already.    Mr. MEEHAN. Well, this issue alone--Mr. O'Carroll, Mr. Bertoni, others, do you have any comments that would supplement that or any observations in this area?    Mr. MEEHAN. So within their own database they should be running that check as a first kind of screen against----    Mr. MEEHAN. Well, it appears there are certainly a lot of windows.    I appreciate your testimony in this area and your observations built out of your experience. It is very important for us to be able to find the ways to alleviate this.    Thank you