    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Director Cordray, for being with us today.    Mrs. Wagner. Director Cordray, this committee has expressed its views on multiple occasions and in multiple ways about the wasteful renovations of your building. And there is one outstanding question that we have asked of you directly and certainly have asked in several different letters: a letter on July 18th of last year; a second letter on December 3rd of last year; and a third letter on January 12th of this year.    More than 7 months have passed and we still haven't received the answers, sir. So I ask you here again today: Which individual made the decision to renovate the building?    Mrs. Wagner. To reclaim my time, let me be clear here then. What you are saying is that the decision was made prior to your leadership by previous leadership. Would that have been the gentleman who was just briefly acting Director, Raj Date, or was it made by the woman who was in charge of setting up the CFPB, Elizabeth Warren?    Mrs. Wagner. Is there a record somewhere?    Mrs. Wagner. There is no record?    Mrs. Wagner. Director Cordray, I am just asking you a simple question. If you are not going to answer the question, then just say you are not going to answer the question. Are you going to tell us who is responsible and who directed--    Mrs. Wagner. And why is that?    Mrs. Wagner. Someone made a decision to spend upwards, as the Fed IG said in an estimate, of $215.8 million. And you are telling me there is no record, no one responsible--    Mrs. Wagner. Then who is it? What individual?    Mrs. Wagner. Who signed off? Who gave the authorization for such an incredible--    Mrs. Wagner. Because it is $215 million of taxpayers' money.    Mrs. Wagner. That is why it matters to me.    Mrs. Wagner. Reclaiming my time, I will move on. Clearly, the Director does not choose to answer this question. I find that amazing since it has been asked multiple times at this committee.    For the past 3 years, Director Cordray, the CFPB has made a name for itself by frankly expanding its own authority while limiting consumer choice and raising costs for American families. At the same time, the agency has remained insulated from accountability, clearly, for its actions, leaving it free to continue on its power grab without any ability for Congress to conduct oversight, from mortgages to credit cards, to short-term lending, we have heard it all today.    The CFPB has time and time again displayed a Washington-knows-best mentality, allowing the government to deem what financial products are good for hardworking Americans and leaving them without the freedom to make their own choices when it comes to their personal economy.    Continuing with those past examples of overreach, I was disappointed, although not surprised, when last Monday you appeared at an event with both President Obama and Senator Elizabeth Warren, supporting a new proposal from the Department of Labor which would once again limit choices and raise costs on consumers regarding their retirement savings. However, it remains unclear exactly how the CFPB is involved in this misguided rulemaking.    Director Cordray, why exactly was the CFPB invited to the event last Monday and how does this agency have a role in this new potential rulemaking?    Mrs. Wagner. What is your role?    Mrs. Wagner. Reclaiming my time.    Mrs. Wagner. I understand from Title X of Dodd-Frank that the CFPB under statute is unable to regulate retirement savings except through financial literacy. The SEC regulates the sale of securities and investment advice, while the Department of Labor regulates retirement plans.    Specifically, I will say in Section 1027 of Dodd-Frank, right here in paragraph (g)(3) under ``Limitations on the Bureau Authority,'' it states that the Bureau may not exercise any rulemaking or enforcement authority with respect to products or services that relate to any specified plan or arrangement. And it defines that as, ``Any employee benefit or compensation plan or arrangement, including a plan that is subject to Title I of the Employment Retirement Income Securities Act of 1974.'' This definition also include IRAs.    So with that being said, aside from financial literacy, how do you see the CFPB fitting in here, sir?    Mrs. Wagner. I just quoted you, sir, the exact words that comprise Section 1027(g).    Mrs. Wagner. Again, what is your role? Is it financial literacy or are you going to do another overarching rulemaking regarding--    Mrs. Wagner. So you are going to go beyond financial literacy and education?    Mrs. Wagner. Is that what you are saying here?    Mrs. Wagner. My time has expired.