    Mr. Yoho . I appreciate your being here and testifying. And I hear your stories, and it rips at the heartstrings. And, you know, being here on this panel of Foreign Affairs, over the last 2 years, we have heard these stories about Cuba and what is going on. And I find it disheartening that this administration announced normalizing relationships with Cuba back in December 2014.    The Obama administration announced a new Cuba policy to move toward normalization relationships between U.S. and Cuba, and reestablishing diplomatic relations with Cuba. We have got a law that already states how we go about that. It was the Cuban Liberty and Solidarity Act of 1996. And it states in there that once Cuba moves toward normalizing their government in a transitional government and having a Democratic process, we will move into that direction. We haven't done that. And so, again, we see a situation where we are putting the cart before the horse. And once you get to that point, it is hard to go back.    In addition to that, when President Obama talked about normalizing this is a failed policy after 50 years is what he has felt like with our policies toward Cuba. I look back at what Raul Castro said; he started making demands on us wanting to normalize relationships with Cuba. I have got to give him credit for having that kind of gravitas--I won't say another word--but for him to have that kind of a backbone and say: You are not going to normalize relationships with us until you do this. I think, wait a minute, we are the ones with the cookie. We are the ones that, had we followed through on the sanctions that were put in place and put more pressure on countries that were dealing with Cuba, it might have had a different outcome, and we might have a transitional government in place.    And I look and I understand where you guys are coming from, and I stand 100 percent with you. Before we move forward, these things have to be negotiated. And they should be at the negotiating table before we start normalizing relationships with Cuba. I would think that we would--we would be the ones in the driver's seat. We are the ones that should be dictating that we will normalize these relationships with Cuba if you compensate people for property that was stolen.    Coming from Florida, I lived in south Florida growing up, and we have just had a tremendous amount of Cuban friends, hard-working people--I live up in north central Florida now. The Cuban population is everywhere, great people, hard-working, and they love their country, their ancestry. We want to make sure that, as we move forward, that we take care of those things. I think that anything that this body does--speaking for myself, not for this committee--anything that we do in government here should be to make sure that that wrong gets righted so that the people that had that property stolen gets put back into their hands. And thank you.    I have got a few questions here. Adequate compensation for U.S. claims: What would a responsible and just outcome look like for the thousands of Americans who have had their property stolen--and we will use the word ``stolen''--by the Castro regime? Dr. Garcia.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. And, again, it goes back to the gravitas of the Castro regime saying: Oh, we have been damaged instead of looking the other way.    Mr. Yoho. It really is, and I agree with you. Let me ask one other question here. With the U.S. legislation on the property claims issue that's in the House and the Senate--are you guys familiar with that?    Mr. Yoho. It is H.R. 2466, that would require a claim for resolving U.S. property claims before the President could further ease restrictions on travel and trade. Do you guys have any view on that? Have you guys in your communities looked at that? Does anybody want to respond to that?    Mr. Yoho. Yes, sir.    Mr. Yoho. You brought up a great point, it comes down to the rule of law. And if you don't have a government that follows the rule of law, you get into these situations. And that is why it goes back to before we move forward, we need to make sure they have a good transitional government that is going to go respect property rights and follow that rule of law.    I am going to pass this on to the ranking member, Mr. Sires.    Mr. Yoho. Good answers. They have called votes.    We are going to go to Mr. DeSantis from Florida, but before we go there, what you just brought up is what this is all about because if we set a bad precedent here, what happens in China with American businesses that sit up there? If China says, You know what, we are going to take--or any other foreign country or what happened in Crimea with Ukraine and Russia, you know, if we don't stand strong as the American Government and say, we are not going to tolerate this. This sets that precedent for future generations, as you pointed out, and I appreciate that.    Mr. DeSantis.    Mr. Yoho. Ms. Lamb, I am going to have to cut you off there so we have time for Ms. Kelly from the State of Illinois for a few minutes before votes.    Mr. Yoho. I thank you.    I appreciate you guys being here, speaking and expressing your sentiments of what is going on there.    I am a sponsor of H.R. 2466, which is the U.S. legislation on the property claims issue. So make sure you follow that. Get people to support it.    And pursuant to committee rule 7, the members of the subcommittee will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record.    Without objection, the hearing will remain open for 5 business to allow statements, questions, and extraneous material for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    There being no further business, the subcommittee is adjourned, and we thank you for participating.