    Mrs. Maloney. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for calling this important hearing. And this is actually the most people I have ever seen at that desk at any hearing or reviewed in the history at a hearing. And it is a very important topic. I am glad to see my former colleague, Mel Watt. Welcome back.    My question is, when the FSOC is analyzing whether a company is systemically important, it doesn't measure whether the failure of the company would destabilize the system in normal times. Instead, it measures whether the company would destabilize the system in a period of stress in the financial industry.    And I have two questions for the panel related to this. First, why did the FSOC choose that standard? It seems that this standard could certainly play a key role in determining whether or not a company is systemically important.    And secondly, what historical precedence does the FSOC review in making these evaluations in a period of stress in the financial community? Do you look at the 2008 financial crisis, the Asian financial crisis of 1997 and 1998? What do you look at as precedent when you study these crises?    And I would like to start with Chairman Gruenberg. SEC Chair White, and Comptroller Curry, and the thoughts from the panel on these two questions. Thank you.    Mrs. Maloney. Comptroller Curry? And then, Director Watt?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay.    Mrs. Maloney. I would like to ask Chair White, as you know, there has been a great, great deal of discussion this year about how the FSOC could improve its SIFI designation. One of the suggestions I kept hearing, and probably you heard also, was that the FSOC should tell companies what actions they needed to take in order to avoid being designated as a SIFI.    And this sort of struck me as a dubious idea. Because do we really want the FSOC to be making these kind of core business decisions for private companies? And in my opinion, the FSOC should identify the systemic risk. And then the company should figure out the best way to restructure its business to eliminate the risk.    And when the Council adopted changes to the designation process in February, you decided not to include this suggestion.    Can you elaborate on why the Council wanted to maintain this distinction? And do you think it is important for the FSOC not to use the designation process as a way to tell companies how they should be run?    Mrs. Maloney. My time has expired. Thank you very much.