    Mr. Lipsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am very honored to be asked to testify today. I am glad to appear before you.    I just wanted to quickly echo some of the comments of the previous witnesses. I think I speak for everybody at the witness table here in saying that we all think that the United States was very wise to choose competition and vigorously enforced antitrust law as the main rule of economic organization for the United States. It is one of the things that has helped make the United States the leading economic powerhouse and innovator that it is today.    And I think if any of us thought that there was any possibility that this bill would diminish the value of the antitrust laws and antitrust agencies, we wouldn't be here testifying in support.    But I do testify in support like my colleagues, Mr. Clanton and Ms. Garza, because this bill I think very responsibly and in a very limited fashion corrects a very evident unfairness and an illogical aspect of the way that the procedures have come to work.    You will see my statement that I have taken this over a bit of history. I guess I have gotten to the point where I know more history than most people that are around. That is not a good comment. But this concern particularly about the use of administrative litigation following an FTC proceeding in court, it is actually based on some very tangible negative experience. And you will see I discuss the RR Donnelly, Meredith/Burda merger, which was proposed in 1989 and went through administrative litigation, which took 6 years. And ultimately, the Commission decided that the district court had been right in declining to enter a preliminary injunction.    And I also mentioned a case involving the Dr Pepper soft drink brand, an administrative litigation where the FTC actually won a preliminary injunction under Section 13(b) in 1986. And despite a declaration from the D.C. Circuit that that matter was moot because it was originally proposed to be acquired by the Coca-Cola Company, that was the merger that was enjoined. And then the Dr Pepper brand was sold off, eventually combined with the 7-Up brand to form the Dr Pepper Seven-Up Company.    But while all that wonderful soft drink industry history was proceeding, the Federal Trade Commission was going along with an administrative litigation. So the RR Donnelly case and the Dr Pepper case happened to culminate at about the same time, which was about 1995, shortly after Bob Pitofsky had been appointed Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission by President Clinton.    Bob Pitofsky knows a tremendous amount about the antitrust laws and before coming to the Commission as Chairman had been in several roles there, including as a commissioner in a prior administration. And he very wisely, I think, issued the so-called Pitofsky rule, 16 CFR 3.26, the policy statement.    Now the policy statement, if you read it carefully, is a little bit cagey. It doesn't make any commitments, but it does say that the decision to proceed to administrative litigation following a loss of preliminary injunction would be considered on a case-by-case basis.    And in the context of those two merger cases where the use of administrative litigation had been very heavily criticized in the bar, it was understood to essentially acknowledge the unfairness and the irrationality of having a situation where if your merger is judged in the Justice Department, you end up in a judicial proceeding, whereas if you are judged in the Federal Trade Commission, you face the possibility of this nearly endless administrative litigation. In the Dr Pepper situation, it was 9 years, and that was even before the final disposition by the appellate court.    So I think the Pitofsky rule was wise. I think that the Commission has largely acted in accordance with the Pitofsky rule. And all the SMARTER Act would do, really, is codify I think what is FTC's better judgment that if there is a loss in the district court, it is best that administrative litigation be foregone.    It is true that Congress originally foresaw a very special role in creating this administrative litigation for the FTC. But we also have to take into account that when the 13(b) statute, the injunction statute, was passed in 1973, it did provide the Commission with the possibility to seek a permanent injunction in the Federal district court. So the Commission has a very clear and obvious available authority so that it could decide to go to the district court.    I will stop there. Thank you.    Mr. Lipsky. No, Mr. Chairman. I think they would be prohibited by the SMARTER Act, and I think that is the great virtue.    I think the intent of the Pitofsky rule and the revision enacted this year is to try to achieve that same result. And I think this act is an improvement over the mere administrative policy statements, because it gives parties the assurance that the Commission will, indeed, act as it suggests it will act in these policy statements.    And we have to remember that in 2008, there was a retrenchment. I believe Ms. Garza mentioned that they actually reversed the Pitofsky rule for a time back in 2008 when they were focusing on the acceleration of administrative litigation and involving the Commission much more directly in the conduct of the hearings.    So this is a classic example of a good policy that the Commission has followed since 1995, by and large. But one of the primary merits of the legislation is that it would give parties the assurance that the Commission would adhere to that sound policy.    Mr. Lipsky. I think probably the lead example of where the Commission was using its administrative procedures to really put tremendous pressure on the parties is the more recent Inova case.    As I mentioned, since the issuance of the Pitofsky rule in 1995, the Commission has been pretty good about adhering to that rule. It is just their persistent declining to affirm that that would be the rule--they say they have discretion to do what they have been doing, but they will never quite promise to do what they have been doing. I think that is where this legislation would really give the assurance to all the businesses that have to think about and plan for this process that is necessary to establish the rationality of the enforcement regime.    Mr. Lipsky. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. Lipsky. I think that is referred to as Kirkpatrick 2. It was an ABA report. It was a very broad report on all the functions of the FTC, right?    Mr. Lipsky. I think you would probably agree with that or maybe you don't.    Mr. Lipsky. Oh, I wouldn't support that statement at all. I think that is the kind of thing that would require a much more comprehensive look at the whole enforcement system. We are just talking about one very limited but impactful aspect of the enforcement system and a very targeted way of correcting it, and that is why I support the legislation, not because I have any broader argument with the existence of the FTC.