    Mr. DeSantis. Ambassador Patterson, I just want to be clear. You said that Iran under the proposed changes would not have access to the U.S. financial system. Does that mean they would have no even indirect access to the U.S. dollar? In other words, would the dollar be allowed to be used to facilitate transactions between Iran and other countries?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. So, that represents a change from how those regulations have been interpreted in the past, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Because I think there was a lot of talk about whether the administration, when the Iran deal has said no access to the financial system at all, and that was very clear, and now people are saying, ``Well, it is not necessarily going to be access because the transactions may be dollarized, but no money is going to actually come into the U.S. financial system.''    But, as I understand it, there were members of the administration who said even dollarized transactions were not going to be something that was going to be permitted. And so, am I wrong about that? Have we been getting mixed signals throughout these many months?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Well, we definitely want to hear that.    There have been a lot of great questions about money going to the Palestinian Authority. I know under the appropriations, as those are done annually, there is usually a requirement that the President ask for a waiver by certifying that there is a single Palestinian treasury and payroll and that the Palestinian Authority is acting to counter incitement of violence against Israelis. Have those certifications been made in the last several years?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, do you believe that the Palestinian Authority is acting to counter incitement of violence against the Israelis?    Mr. DeSantis. Because there are, I think, really, really grave questions about these families of terrorists who are getting paid. A lot of them, they end up better off, their families are better off if they commit acts of terrorism against the Israelis than if they were to just work at a normal job inside areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority.    And I listened to your back-and-forth with the chairwoman and with Chairman Royce, but I am just not clear. Is the administration going to do something to address this problem? Because it seems like we have money going over there. They may say it is with other funds that they are paying it, but money is fungible. So, we are effectively helping them do that. So, what do we do? Are we deducting the amount that we give them based on how much money they are paying families of terrorists?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, I think that if they are actually facilitating payments to families of terrorists who are killing Israelis, then we should be deducting the amount of money, at a minimum. I mean, I would go further than that. But, I mean, at a minimum, we can't be complicit in that.    Let me ask you, there is a bill that is working its way through the House of Representatives to have the State Department categorize the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist organization. Does the State Department have a position on that?    Mr. DeSantis. So, you don't believe that they are involved with international terrorism, the Brotherhood?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, I think that they are really a problem aspect of all this. President Sisi, you know, he views the Brotherhood as a major threat to security in Egypt.    I guess, is it the administration's view still that the Brotherhood is largely a secular political organization and less an Islamist organization?    Mr. DeSantis. Yes, I mean, I think that their views, they do support Sharia. They have a totalitarian ideology. Certainly, the treatment of women is terrible. The treatment of religious minorities is terrible. And their tentacles really stretch. They are involved, I believe, financially in supporting violent Islamist groups, and I think that they are very much a cause for concern throughout the region.    I am out of time. I thank you guys for coming, and I yield back.