    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Administrator Bolden, welcome. I'm glad you're here.    Mr. Chairman, this committee has demonstrated time and again that U.S. leadership in space is a bipartisan priority. I believe that many of the hardworking scientists, engineers, and innovators working at NASA share our interest in ensuring America leads the world in space.    There are some areas of agreement between the Committee and the Administration in NASA's fiscal year 2017 budget request. But this proposed budget continues to tie our astronauts' feet to the ground and makes a Mars mission all but impossible.    This budget cuts funding for human exploration by nearly $1 billion, and robotic exploration by almost a quarter of a billion dollars. The budget request once again underfunds the Space Launch System and Orion programs. This Administration cannot continue to tout plans to send astronauts to Mars while strangling the programs that will take them there.    The Administration also attempts to redistribute funding within NASA's Science Mission Directorate. For example, Jupiter's moon Europa is one of the most promising destinations we have in our own solar system for finding life beyond our planet. However, this year's request of only $17 million for the Europa mission is incredibly disappointing considering the mission's potential. This represents roughly a 90 percent reduction from the fiscal year 2016 level.    However, support for other priorities such as the James Webb Space Telescope, the Transitioning Exoplanet Survey Satellite, and the Wide-Field Infrared Space Telescope is encouraging. Missions like these, as well as their search for exoplanets and signs of life in other areas of our universe, captivate the American public's imagination.    Overall, though, there is a lack of balance in the science account request. One of the most glaring examples is the disproportionate increase in the Earth Science Division receives at the expense of other science divisions and human and robotic space exploration. This represents a 70 percent increase for the Earth Science Division since the fiscal year 2007 request. Over the same period, NASA's overall yearly budget has only increased 20 percent.    The Earth science budget request is 42 percent more than the planetary science budget request. In fact, the planetary science budget request is a reduction of $113 million over last year's level. The Earth science request also is more than the Astrophysics Division, the James Webb Space Telescope, and the Heliophysics Division combined. There are 13 other federal agencies involved in Earth science research but only one that is responsible for space science and exploration, and that's     This budget also proposes $223 million to fund the uninspiring Asteroid Retrieval and Redirect Mission. On April 15, 2010, the President directed NASA to conduct a crewed mission to an asteroid by 2025. Then, with the 2014 budget request, the Administration changed course and directed NASA to redirect an asteroid to orbit the moon and then visit that asteroid in lunar orbit. Then, last year, NASA decided to only remove and redirect a boulder from a larger asteroid.    Originally scheduled for 2017, then 2020, this budget request now slips the first robotic launch to 2021. The crewed encounter will also slip to 2026 and more likely later based on SLS mission requirements. In practical terms, the President's own budget delays the ARM beyond the next Administration's second term.    All of NASA's advisory bodies have criticized the project. International interest is absent. The scientific community is unimpressed. The Administration continues to push this mission on NASA without any connection to a larger exploration roadmap and absent support from the scientific community or NASA's own advisory committees.    It is NASA's responsibility to provide a compelling plan for space exploration and execute it. It is Congress's responsibility to ensure NASA's budget is prioritized and funded. This committee will do everything in its power to support American leadership in space.    Mr. Chairman, before I yield back, let me compliment Administrator Bolden because I think he is a committed public servant. I think he is doing the best job anybody can do under the circumstances. And I have a hunch if he were writing this budget, it might vary slightly from the Administration's proposed budget.    You don't need to respond to that, Administrator Bolden, we all have our different priorities. But this is simply to say I appreciate the job that you're doing, and I continue to be impressed with your sincerity and dedication.    With that I'll yield back.    Chairman Smith. Then I'll have to retract all those nice compliments I gave you.    Hon. Bolden. That's why I want to make sure that the compliments are earned and not just said to be nice.    I am very proud of this budget, and I think all of you know that when it comes budget time, you go into deliberations, and I have two sets of deliberations. I go into deliberations with the Administration, and then I come and what I would like to do is be involved in the deliberations with the Congress on how the budget turns out.    So I'm very proud of the budget that we're presenting today because it builds on what I think was an incredible budget from this Congress in fiscal year 2016, and I cannot thank you enough for that. You made us feel needed and appreciated, and we want to keep doing that. So that's what we tried to do with this budget.    It's been my honor to serve as the NASA Administrator throughout the Obama Administration and, as we submit what is likely my final budget--yes, ma'am--I am proud of the many things this agency has accomplished on behalf of the American people with the resources the President and the Congress have committed to us over the past seven years. Together, we have enabled our nation to continue leading the world in space exploration and scientific discovery.    Two weeks ago, American astronaut Scott Kelly returned home from the International Space Station after 12 months working off the Earth for the Earth. His year in space will pay scientific and medical dividends for years to come, helping pave the way for future astronauts to travel to Mars and beyond. Commander Kelly significantly advanced our Journey to Mars, and I trust that you join me in saluting his service to our nation.    NASA is closer to sending American astronauts to Mars than at any point in human history, and this budget will keep us moving forward. The support of this committee and the Congress is essential to this journey. The International Space Station is the cornerstone of our exploration strategy. Thanks to the determination and ingenuity of American industry, we have returned space station cargo resupply launches to U.S. soil, in-sourced jobs, and helped establish a new private market in low-Earth orbit.    American companies are now ferrying supplies to our astronauts on the space station from the United States with Orbital ATK set to launch again later this month and SpaceX targeting a resupply mission in early April, both from the Kennedy Space Center. In July, Orbital will conduct a return-to-flight mission from the Wallops Flight Facility.    Thanks to the Administration's decision to invest in American industry and to the full funding we received from Congress for 2016, spearheaded by this Committee, this Committee was the first to propose full funding for the President's commercial crew program, and I really appreciate that. But now Boeing and SpaceX continue to make great progress towards certification in 2017 to safely transport our astronauts to the space station from U.S. soil, ending our sole reliance on Russia once and for all.    NASA is making significant progress on the Journey to Mars, developing our newest, most powerful rocket ever built, the Space Launch System and Orion crew vehicle, as part of the sustainable and affordable deep space exploration system. This budget supports the agency's baseline commitment for an un-crewed test flight of SLS and Orion in 2018 and a crewed flight by 2023. With additional funding provided by the Congress, the teams will continue to work toward an earlier launch date for the first crewed mission and are already designing and procuring long lead hardware for subsequent missions.    The budget also increases funding for habitation systems development, a key component of our steppingstone strategy to send humans to Mars. The President's budget funds a robust science program with dozens of operating missions studying our solar system, the universe, and the most important planet in our solar system, Earth. This coming July 4, Independence Day, the Juno spacecraft will orbit Jupiter while the Cassini spacecraft will prepare to execute its dramatic grand finale, orbits of Saturn. OSIRIS-REx will launch to a near-Earth asteroid to collect a sample for return to Earth in 2023. In 2017 and 2018, NASA will launch seven exciting space science missions, including the James Webb Space Telescope.    Before we send humans to Mars, robots are paving the way with Mars InSight now targeted for launch in 2018. Another Mars rover set to launch in 2020, joining the Curiosity and Opportunity rovers now exploring the red planet and work underway to define the next Mars mission for 2022.    We are formulating missions to explore Jupiter's moon Europa, as well as WFIRST designed to study dark energy, perform galactic and extragalactic surveys, and explore exoplanets. We're accelerating the building of Landsat 9 as part of our sustainable land-imaging architecture to continue our 40-year record of high-quality measurements of Earth's land cover.    NASA technology drives exploration. With this request, NASA will continue to conduct rapid development and incorporation of transformative missions--space technology missions to enable future human and robotic missions, increase capabilities of other U.S. agencies, and address aerospace industry challenges. Space technology investments will ensure that we continue to lead the world in exploration and scientific discovery.    NASA's aeronautics program advances U.S. global leadership by developing and transferring key enabling technologies to make aviation safer, more efficient, and more environmentally friendly. With this request, NASA aeronautics is ready to take the next step to develop and fly X-plane demonstrators in partnership with industry and academia, including ultra-efficient subsonic transport experimental aircraft in the world's first low-boom supersonic flight demonstrator.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the support that we have received from this committee through the years, and I look forward to your questions. And I, too, would like to commend the young ladies who are in the audience today, all of them, but a special shout-out to the ones from Spelman since that is also the alma mater of my wife and my daughter.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.