    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and ranking member, for holding the hearing today. I want to thank our witnesses for coming and testifying.    Mr. Beck, in 2014 the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection submitted comments to the Environmental Protection Agency. In these comments, the Pennsylvania DEP requested an exemption for coal waste facilities. DEP further recommended EPA establish a subcategory for waste coal technology.    Can you offer your thoughts on why your state agency submitted these comments? Oh, Mr. Beck, you're chair of the coalition of abandoned mines. Why did your state environmental agency submit those comments?    Mr. Green. Why did they submit those comments about recommending the EPA establish a subcategory for waste coal technology? Your state environmental agency submitted comments to EPA and was there any reason for it or did they do research?    Mr. Green. Could you pull the mic a little closer?    Mr. Green. Most of the testimony offered today highlights the environmental benefits of the coal waste technology. In 2011, however, the Clean Air Council submitted comments to the EPA stating the more environmentally friendly way of dealing with waste coal would be more cost effective as well. Can any of the panel comment on the Clean Air Council's proposal to plant, for example, beach grass and if their comment holds true?    Mr. Green. OK. Mr. Walke, in your testimony you cite White Stallion and in that case the D.C. court states, among other things, that EPA notes that CFBs were among the best and worst performers of various pollutants.    Is the technology and retrofitting the difference between the best and the worst in the categories discussed by the D.C. court?    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, in our district you heard over the years I have five refineries that generate tons of petroleum coke that we can't burn and we're lucky enough to have a ship channel where we load it onto a ship and send it to Africa, India, wherever else. That is not possible in Pennsylvania because the rail cost of the transportation to somewhere would be, I guess, huge and so economically disadvantaged. Is that correct?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.