    Mr. Young. The committee will come to order. I do apologize for the delay. Strange as the Congress may be, we have burning questions and we had to talk about the baseball game. They already knew who won and who lost, but then it was beside the point.    Anyway, the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on the following oversight topic: ``Examining Procedures Regarding Puerto Rico's Political Status and Economic Outlook.''    Under Rule 4(f), any oral statements on the hearing are limited to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member, and this allows us to hear from the witnesses. We do have two panels here today. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that all Members' opening statements be made part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee clerk by 5:00 p.m. today, or at the close of the hearing, whichever comes first.    Mr. Young. Hearing no objections, so ordered.    I also ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from New York, Mr. Serrano, be allowed to join us on the dais to be recognized and participate in today's hearing.    Mr. Young. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    Mr. Young. Some time around the turn of this last century, over 100 years ago, John Green Brady, the fifth territorial governor for the District of Alaska, before Alaska was even a territory, was reflecting upon the vain struggle of Alaskans to obtain more initial self-government. The struggle of those Alaskans had lasted for nearly 40 years up to that point, leaving Governor Brady to remark, ``We are graduates of the school of patience.''    Even today the words of Governor Brady still ring true when referring to American citizens who call the island of Puerto Rico home.    While the plight of Alaska being charted from its humble beginnings as a Department in 1867 to its progression as a District, then as a Territory, then ultimately its admission as the 49th state of the Union in 1959, the overall journey that citizens had to endure lasted for roughly 92 years.    For the past 117 years, another clock has been keeping time on the relationship between the United States and an exotic land off its shores, that of the island of Puerto Rico. Since 1898, the United States of America has held in its possession the island of Puerto Rico.    Since establishing self-governance with the passage of the Federal Relations Act of 1950 and the ratification of the Puerto Rican Constitution in 1952, the United States has allowed Puerto Ricans to govern themselves on internal matters. However, Congress has maintained plenary powers over the islands through the territorial clauses of the U.S. Constitution, Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2.    Today's hearing will aim to continue the discussion on the issue of Puerto Rico's political status, an important discussion given the current economic crisis the island faces today.    For the last 8 years, the island's economy has been mired by recession, a result of misguided management policies from within the public utilities and irresponsible debt trading practices.    As Puerto Rico struggles to solve an economic and financial crisis that is causing a migration of residents off the island to the mainland, Congress must consider how the island's unresolved political status is related to its economic and fiscal problems, and what legislative measures are necessary to restore Puerto Rico's financial stability.    The discussion of political status for the island always sparks lively debate from Puerto Rico and among my colleagues here in Congress and on this committee. I anticipate the same here today, and I welcome it; such spirited debate is healthy.    Holding hearings such as this will further the discussion and drive the point home that Congress maintains its duty to serve the Americans of the island, just as we do to the Americans here on the mainland. We must show the 3.7 million Americans living in Puerto Rico that although they may not have voting representation in the House or the Senate, those of us tending this Nation will hear them when they speak. It is our duty and we honor that duty to listen today.    On a personal level, I have been involved in this project since 1994. I believe very strongly, right up front with you, in statehood. That is no hidden secret. But that is up to the decision of the Puerto Rican people. But the status quo cannot exist--the unfairness to Americans not being listened to by this Congress, and I think the responsibility to the people of Puerto Rico.    A little history about this. Puerto Rico was supposed to become a state first, and Alaska slipped in. I apologize for that. We did a good job.    Mr. Young. Then the next was supposed to be Puerto Rico, and it became Hawaii. Puerto Rico is still waiting, 117 years later, to be recognized with full rights, as Americans--not being punished, not being set aside and have higher health rates and, really, frankly, putting a great group of Americans that fought in more wars per capita than any other group of people from any other state.    It is my goal, and always has been, to make a decision. The status quo today will not work. Some will disagree with me, and I know that, and you have your right to that disagreement. But I know what is occurring does not work. The out-migration of what I call the more talented people in Puerto Rico into the mainland is devastating. So, we have to figure something out in this Congress, and my goal is--frankly, stir the pot up--to get things moving.    I want to congratulate my Resident Commissioner, Mr. Pierluisi. He has done an outstanding job presenting his points of view. I admire his other piece of legislation, Chapter 9, that we have to look at. Every other state has that right, only Puerto Rico does not. And we will discuss that in this legislation.    Mr. Young. With that, I will recognize the Minority Member.    Mr. Young. I thank the gentleman. And now, I believe our first panel has been seated.    We have the Honorable Pedro Pierluisi, Resident Commissioner; Cesar Miranda, Attorney General for Puerto Rico; and the Honorable Ruben Berrios, President of the Puerto Rican Independence Party.    Honorable Commissioner, you are up.    Mr. Young. Well done. Cesar Miranda, Attorney General of Puerto Rico, you are up.    Mr. Young. Turn that microphone on.    Mr. Young. Thank you, sir. Ruben Berrios, former Senator, Puerto Rican Senate Independence Party, you are up.    Mr. Young. I thank the gentleman. Are you ready? Questions? I will recognize the Minority leader for questions.    Mr. Young. You have questions?    Mr. Young. Mrs. Torres, go ahead. You are getting closer. You keep it up, we will be hugging soon.    Mr. Young. Oh, that sounds good.    Mr. Young. Thank you. Ms. Radewagen, you are up.    Mr. Young. Would the gentleman cease for a moment? Whoever has that cell phone in this room, you better shut it off, or I will ask you to leave. It is impolite to have a cell phone on at any time.    You may proceed.    Mr. Young. My good lady friend from Guam.    Mr. Young. I will let you ask it now.    Mr. Young. Do you want to ask questions? I recognize the Ranking Member.    Mr. Young. Thank you. Mr. Grijalva--I've got the Ranking Member and the Ranking Member. Which one is the rankest? He is the rankest?    Mr. Young. OK, you are both rankest? All right, Mr. Grijalva.    Mr. Young. I gladly have you submit it for the record.    Mr. Young. Are you through?    Mr. Young. Now Dr. Ruiz.    Mr. Young. Thank you, sir.    Mr. LaMalfa.    Mr. Young. Commissioner, in your proposal with the new plebiscite--you say you have 5 years. On that plebiscite, what would happen if you had the plebiscite, and if the people of Puerto Rico voted for statehood that was automatic, then?    Mr. Young. What I am leading up to----    Mr. Young. The present legislation doesn't have--that is not finite. If they vote for it, there is another step. What if we were able to put something in the legislation so if they vote for it you become a state?    Mr. Young. OK.    Mr. Young. This is a question for the total panel. And, like I said, I have been involved in this for a long time, because we were the leaders of the state recently, and then Hawaii, and then, of course, I hope Puerto Rico.    When we first got started in 1994, I warned at that time that status quo would not prevail and, in fact, you would be in economic problems. If we don't do something in the Congress, 20 years from now--I will start with you, Commissioner--where do you see Puerto Rico?    Mr. Young. OK.    Mr. Young. The question was, if nothing occurs, you see a devastated island.    Mr. Young. OK.    Mr. Young. OK. I am just--the gentleman from the Governor's office?    Mr. Young. All right. Senator?    Mr. Young. I thank the panel. You have done well. I will tell you again, I personally don't believe--I have said all along, and don't get upset with me--if you are not going to be a state, you should become an independent nation. Either one. But the status quo is not working. We have watched this thing.    I said 21 years ago, I had the only vote on the House Floor on Puerto Rico--by one vote, by the way. I have watched the downward spiral. And these are great Americans, and to have this occur--I am just sitting here thinking, if something doesn't happen, if we don't do something, there is a possibility of revolution in Puerto Rico, because you can't have a group of people that has American status and not have the rights that all other Americans have, and have a poverty level which is increasing.    This is a challenge to Congress. And the reason we are having these hearings is trying to get somebody to start talking about it, because this is a black eye on American soil. And we are going to continue to do that.    I want to thank the panel. You are excused.    Mr. Young. Now we will call up the second panel. I have never seen so many fine, honorable governors in my life. I love it--the Honorable Luis Fortuno; the Honorable Carlos Romero, one of my dear friends, both of them were; the Honorable Acevedo Vila; and the Honorable Carmen Yulin Cruz, who is a mayor; and Dr. Miriam Ramirez, former Puerto Rican State Senator.    And you all know the rules of the game. As soon as you all sit down and quit talking, we will start.    Mr. Young. Is everybody situated? You photographers get moving.    Because you are lined up this way, I am going to call on the Honorable Carlos Romero. Carlos, welcome. I can remember when I was in the Minority and you were in the Majority. You fought this battle then, as you are fighting it now. We may have different ideas, but I hope the people of Puerto Rico appreciated your dedication to a cause, and your word--crucially important.    So, you are up, you are first, you know the rules. I am pretty lenient, but you do what you have to do.    Mr. Young. Turn that microphone on.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Carlos. I have to say you said it very well--couldn't be said better. I did give you a little more time. I don't want the rest of you to get the idea I can be that lenient, but I might. Depends on how well you are doing. See, I was interested in what he had to say.    Mr. Young. Yes, right.    Luis, former Governor, former colleague. Welcome aboard.    Mr. Young. I thank you, Governor. And you are good at this. You learned something here. Five minutes, right on the button.    Mr. Young. Acevedo Vila, former Governor of Puerto Rico, former Commissioner, you are up.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Governor.    Carmen, the Mayor of San Juan. Beautiful town, great people. Haven't had the privilege of meeting you yet. Thank you. You are welcome.    Mr. Young. I thank the good mayor. Now we have Miriam Ramirez, M.D., former Puerto Rican State Senator.    Mr. Young. Thank you, Miriam.    I will recognize the Ranking Member, and he is going to yield to the good lady from Guam.    Mr. Young. Don't knock it.    Mr. Young. You have 21 seconds, then I have to let her ask questions.    Mr. Young. We will get that next time.    Mr. Young. Madam Vice Chair.    Mr. Young. Resident Commissioner, you are up.    Mr. Young. We will continue this.    Mr. LaMalfa.    Mr. Young. He just put it out. Anybody wants to answer it----    Mr. Young. Time is up.    Mr. Young. The Ranking Member.    Mr. Young. Primarily because of the EPA.    Mr. Young. I want to thank everybody at this table. I may have to leave here in a moment if--my Vice Chairman, because we have a vote on.    Miriam, what is--and this is for all of you--how does this tax structure work for the bigger companies that--pharmaceuticals and I don't know what else is down there. How does that work, and what benefit does it bring to Puerto Rico?    Mr. Young. Pardon?    Mr. Young. Well, what I am leading up to, it is just not pharmaceuticals. There are other ones. But that would bring money into the Puerto Rican economy.    Mr. Young. Because, right now, some of these companies don't even have workers from Puerto Rico, do they?    Mr. Young. But Miriam--wait a minute. Miriam, go ahead.    Mr. Young. Now, don't knock lobbyists all the time. I want you to know something. They do inform people. But I just--because you are basically all lobbyists, sitting at that table.    Mr. Young. OK. So----    Mr. Young. OK, stop right there. What I am looking for, if that is happening--because we have another bill that has been introduced by, I believe, a gentleman--Duncan, is it Duncan, South Carolina--that wants a congressional control board.    Does anybody there support that?    Mr. Young. I am going to, yes.    Mr. Young. OK.    Mr. Young. I understand what the gentleman----    Mr. Young. I am about ready to run out of time. But here is what I am looking for.    As you know, I am a proponent, because it is probably the central solution, and you all have a vote, just say you are going to be a state and be a state. And then that may not happen, because this is--this cannon is an awful--has a long fuse on it.    I have problems, and with the Congress. I have, like I said, been in this business for a long time and watched the attitude, which is bad. We don't need a bunch of foreigners--by the way, back in the United States--we don't need two Senators that are new. We don't need five Democrat Congressmen--which is not true, by the way, you would probably end up all being Republicans, all due respects.    Mr. Young. Because I lived through that. We were all Democrats, now we are all Republican.    But I do think we have to--and my job is to try to keep this alive and moving, because somewhere we have to solve this economic problem. I personally think statehood would do it. I may be wrong.    We also have to consider the fact that maybe we change the tax laws so we can pick those up a little bit, where we can take--be more solvent. But the present system, the status quo, is not working. I said this 21 years ago, and if I am alive 20 more--God help you guys if I am alive 20 more years. But the fact is I would like to see this not be a black eye on American citizens, and Puerto Rico be accepted as equal.    I do apologize, and I want to thank the panel, we have a vote on. And for those Delegates that don't have to vote, you've got it made. You don't have to run over there and have a vote and miss a vote, you know? If you miss a vote, they say you have committed a crime.    If there are no other questions, I will adjourn.    Mr. Young. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Young. Absolutely. I have offered to her , if she wants to do it. Are you through? OK.    We are adjourned.