    Mr. Griffin. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Bishop, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the work of the V.A. Office of Inspector General.    In fiscal year 2014, our office issued 310 reports, we closed 880 investigations, we made 539 arrests, and we identified $2.3 billion in monetary benefits for a return on investment of $22 for every dollar in I.G. funding. In the first 5 months of fiscal year 2015 alone, the I.G. has recovered in fines, penalties, restitution, and civil judgments, actual money returned to the U.S. government equivalent to 91 percent of our enacted appropriations.    Recoveries since fiscal year 2011 are even more remarkable, with $3.1 billion in recoveries, which represents actual cash recoveries of $5.50 for every dollar spent on the I.G.'s operations.    In the past 6 years we have issued more than 1,700 reports, made more than 3,000 arrests, and provided testimony at 69 congressional hearings. We conducted 400 briefings for Members of Congress and staff and responded to more than 1,300 written requests from various members of the House and the Senate.    This level of productivity and information-sharing with Congress is among the very highest in the I.G. community. During the past 6 years, our work has been recognized by the Council of Inspector General for Integrity and Efficiency with 25 awards for excellence.    The national attention sparked by reporting on waiting times and patient deaths at the Phoenix Health Care System has resulted in a dramatic increase in the number of contacts to the OIG hotline.    In fiscal year 2014 the OIG hotline received nearly 40,000 contacts, a 45 percent increase over fiscal year 2013. We saw a similar increase in the number of inquiries from the Members of Congress, with over 200, reflecting a 38 percent increase in congressional requests. We expect that these upward trends will continue.    Recent attention to opioid prescription practices at the Tomah VAMC has generated interest in the OIG's practice of administrative closures. Let me be clear that our work at Tomah was painstaking and comprehensive.    OIG physicians reviewed the clinical practice of providers to include quality assurance data and patient medical charts. We contacted the V.A. Police, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Tomah and Milwaukee Municipal Police, to determine if there was evidence of narcotic abuse at the Tomah VAMC. OIG investigators were involved in an attempt to find appropriate or illegal behavior on the part of providers or patients.    Current and former Tomah pharmacists were interviewed. OIG staff reviewed the e-mails and other files from 17 employees at the Tomah VAMC.    At the end of a 2.5-year review we concluded that narcotic-prescribing practices of some Tomah staff were at the outer boundary of acceptable narcotic prescribing, and we were unable to find evidence that illegal activity was occurring. While the decision was made to close the review without a public report, we did, in fact, brief the Tomah and the network director who oversees Tomah, along with VHA central office personnel.    In January of this year I directed a review of administrative closures for fiscal year 2014 to determine whether any adjustments were to be made to our internal policies. We found that 42 percent of the administrative closures were not substantiated, 54 percent were closed because when we arrived, the facility had already taken sufficient action that resolved the issues, and 4 percent involved tort claims.    I also directed a review of our decision-making practices on closing reviews administratively and instituted a new policy requiring coordination of administrative closures within the immediate Office of the Inspector General, the Office of the Counselor to the Inspector General, and our Release of Information Office. This process will ensure consistency in decision-making regarding when and how public release of related documents is handled.    This week we began publishing administrative closure reports on the OIG Web site. Additional reports will be published pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act as we complete the process of reviewing and redacting sensitive information.    For fiscal year 2015 the OIG is funded at $126.4 million. The President's budget proposed $126.7 million for fiscal year 2016, a three-tenths of 1 percent increase, which will require a reduction of 10 full-time employees.    Without additional resources, we cannot meet the demands of increased congressional and other hotline contacts. It will be practically impossible to maintain our schedule for cyclical inspections of V.A. medical centers, outpatient clinics, VBA regional offices, and other national reviews.    Our investigative staff is also stretched to the breaking point by the rise in threats and assaults, fiduciary fraud, drug diversion, identity theft, and service-disabled veteran-owned small business fraud. We believe an increase of $15 million over the fiscal year 2015 enacted level will enable us to surpass our performance in terms of productivity, quality, and timeliness, and help meet the unprecedented increase in our workload.    Mr. Chairman, we appreciate the committee's continued interest and support, which has included the addition of $5 million above the President's request during the last 2 fiscal years.    This concludes our statement, and we would be happy to answer any questions you or any other Member may have.    Mr. Griffin. I can't tell you as I sit here if 100 percent of the facilities were manipulating wait times, but I can tell you it was certainly widespread throughout the system. We have presented these cases to the U.S. Attorney's Office; 33 of the cases that were presented have been declined for prosecution, with the suggestion that they be referred to the department for administrative action, which is, of course, what we would do anyway.    We have eight that are still pending with DOJ and, of course, you know, each individual U.S. Attorney's Office has their own caseload and their own decision matrix as to what they accept for prosecution and what they don't, but certainly any time that we had evidence of criminality we presented these cases.    Mr. Griffin. We issued an interim report on Phoenix urology issues within the last 30 days. It is something that came to our attention when we were in Phoenix initially. We had to set it aside because we wanted to get the waiting times report out the door.    We found some 750 veterans that were waiting for urology care for extended periods of time that appeared to be unaccounted for in the system.    So there are issues. It took a long time for the system, system-wide, to get into the state that we found it in, and I think it is going to take a long time to get it all straightened out.    Mr. Griffin. We have a statutory requirement to oversee the work of the OMI, so we would never do duplicate work because we would tell them--if they were going to initiate something we already were working. They are in regular contact with Dr. Daigh's office. It is not unlike our relationship with GAO. If we are doing an audit on a certain subject it would make no sense, so----    Mr. Griffin. Previously, as a medical inspector, they were the under secretary's early warning mechanism. If there was something that he wanted them to go look at before it became a national crisis, he could dispatch his medical inspectors prior to it coming to anybody's attention, just based on one of his directors hopefully saying, ``I think we need someone to come out and take a look at this.'' The audit aspect is a new twist for them.    You talked about it in your testimony, but on Tuesday you established a new policy that administrative closures would be decided centrally. Out of the 140 reports that have not been released, you have released five with sensitive information redacted and your staff is reviewing the other 135.    Can you tell us what the new central policy would be on releasing those reports? Are reports, even those with confidential information and unsubstantiated allegations, being released with appropriate redaction? Is there no standard policy government-wide for I.G.s to follow about the circumstances in which I.G.s must release the reports from their investigations and their audits?    I kind of gave you three issues there: Tomah, the most recent issue of the disclosure of the reports, and a standard for I.G.s generally.    Mr. Griffin. Regarding the recent publication by Dr. Clancy, our work there covered a point in time from 2011 to 2013, and during that time we looked at the specific patients and the specific medical records that were in play at that time. We are back in Tomah now looking at some of the new allegations involving new patients, and we have another investigation ongoing there. For it to be misunderstood that a current review somehow has application to the work that Dr. Daigh's team did isn't exactly the way it should be described.    Your second question on administrative closures.    I can tell you that other I.G.s do administrative closures and that based on the numbers that I mentioned to you--we have 40,000 hotline requests, most of them with multiple issues they want us to look at. If we start looking at something and we are 10 percent into the review and we realize this is a dry well, it would make no sense for us to use our limited resources to pursue something when we have been convinced early on that it is either unsubstantiated or because perhaps the whistleblower or the person who raised the issue raised it through the chain of command--sometimes that happens, too--and it was taken to heart locally and fixes were put in place prior to our team even getting there.    For us to continue to do work and issue an extensive report with the additional requirements on our personnel and cost and efficiency would be a poor utilization of our resources. In the past we administratively closed such reviews.    Frankly, we are doing these now because of some misunderstanding as to whether we were hiding something. Anybody that reads these as they come out--and I think we have got 13 out this week--will see that if you were in our position you would make the same decision.    Mr. Griffin. I think that was a stretch goal when it was articulated. I think there has been extreme emphasis placed on processing claims, and a lot of other collateral duties that VBA has have fallen by the wayside.    And we were in a meeting about this subject and the answer was, ``We don't have enough staff.''    And I said, ``Well, we are making millions of dollars in improper payments that could be used to hire staff and get adequately staffed so things can be done right.'' I came away from the meeting believing that there was going to be a request for that.    They are up against it, there is no question. The increase in demand since 9/11 for the post-9/11 veterans has them and VHA drowning in demand. And as you know, they have been under a fair amount of pressure to try and get this backlog cleaned up.    I would applaud their effort, but I am afraid that in part what has happened is some of the backlog is getting moved around and not getting resolved. Some of it is going to----    Mr. Griffin . It is going to wind up at the Board of Veterans Appeals or it is going to be temporarily taken off the table, which was part of another initiative they have on the 2-year-old claims, but then it has to come back to be finalized later on.    So there are a lot of issues. You are right, Oakland was not one of their high achievers.    Mr. Griffin. Exactly. But thanks to some funding we got through this committee a few years ago, we created that inspection program. And we get to every regional office once every 3 years so we can look at the more difficult claims and see if they are doing them correctly or not, or are they making improper payments, and so on.    So we know they had problems with Oakland. With the 13,000 you alluded to, as you know, they didn't even have sufficient records as to be able to go back after the fact and confirm that they fixed those 13,000, so more work needs to be done, no question.    Mr. Griffin. I don't believe that will happen, but we all hope it could happen. But, like I said, I think it is a stretch goal.    Mr. Griffin. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Griffin. That is correct.    Mr. Griffin. That is correct.    Mr. Griffin. Thank you.    We have got a 45 percent increase in hotlines. We have got an intake unit that processes those. But when there are serious violations that need to be either investigated or need a medical review by Dr. Daigh's staff or need an audit, the intake unit farms those out to the people that hit the street and do the actual work.    So what we would do is we would hire 75 additional personnel. Some of them would be in the intake unit, but some of them would work for Dr. Daigh, some would work in our criminal investigative unit, and some in the audit staff.    It would also allow us to not have to lose the 10 that you have already described.    Mr. Griffin. Thanks to this committee, we have received $5 million above the President's budget the last 2 years. The way the omnibus worked out last year, it was like ships passing in the night as far as the pass-back from OMB and the appropriation for 2015 occurring.    I believe that somebody saw that $5 million and concluded that, well, they already got their $5 million in 2015. But we used that $5 million to add staff to try and put our finger in the dike to stay afloat here. And based on the growth in demands, 45 percent growth, we already had to stop doing some of the cyclical reviews that we think are very important so we are not just showing up at hospitals when somebody pulls the fire alarm. You need to have a routine inspection process.    So there was a memo that came out from the Office of Management saying that there may be either a supplemental or--a reapportionment of some of the Choice Act money. Now, my reading of what the reaction has been to that idea suggests that that wasn't going to happen, but I felt compelled, if there was going to be a supplemental, based on us having to lose people, to make a serious and sincere request for additional staffing because we are going under.    Mr. Griffin. Absolutely.    Mr. Griffin. That is right. And we could use twice as much as that, but I don't want to be greedy. I am serious. There are other I.G.s that have 1,600 FTE and we have 650.    Mr. Griffin. And we are the second-largest agency in the government.    Mr. Griffin. Yes, it did. I mean, they took those provisional ratings off the table even when there might have been one or two of the several claims that had been filed that had not yet been completed, and they weren't included in the count.    Mr. Griffin. Thank you, Mr. Bishop. I don't know where the three-to-one number comes from. Is that in the department's documents?    Mr. Griffin. In fiscal year 2014 our return on investment, which is a number that all I.Gs use, was 22-to-1, and that number reflects monetary benefits, money that could have been put to better use. It is mostly money that is identified in our audits that was either improperly spent or wasted.    The recoveries result from our----    Mr. Griffin. Recoveries for the last 5 years were five-to-one, and that was on criminal cases, that is when there is a quitam filed and the government recovers monies that were wrongfully obtained by private sector contractors.    Now, some of that money, to the extent that we can demonstrate that V.A. procured a certain dollar value in drugs that were wrongly identified or were off-market labeling or what have you, V.A., once we can demonstrate through our work, ``This is the amount of this drug V.A. purchased,'' then V.A. gets their share of the penalty money.    A lot of our fines and recoveries are in criminal cases. That money goes to the U.S. government--mostly to the U.S. Treasury, sometimes to asset forfeiture funds. But at the end of the day, it is all money returned to the same U.S. government on behalf of the taxpayers.    Mr. Griffin. I think that due to the independence of the I.Gs, you don't want to give the impression that we are beholden to the secretary to provide our funds. So that is why there is a separate line item in the budget. And when we don't get what we request, there is a narrative portion that we are supposed to tell the Congress, ``This is how much we asked for and this is how much we were given.''    Mr. Griffin. No. No. It is for the good of the whole, but not to the I.G.    Mr. Griffin. No. Some goes to V.A., some goes to the Treasury Department.    Mr. Griffin. Identity theft is a huge problem. In the last 3 or 4 years it has been a growing area for our criminal investigative staff.    We have sent alerts to the department about the seriousness of this issue, and in the case that you referred to, how easy it is for somebody to gain access to a sufficient amount of information to be able to file a fraudulent tax return.    Frankly, Florida, unfortunately, is one of the leading areas where people have really made a career out of identity theft and the tax business. We have participated in task forces with the IRS and others to try to combat this. And as I said, we tried to alert the department on how critical it is that they guard this personal identity information.    Certainly if it is electronic you won't have to worry about somebody getting access in the case you referred to for shredding purposes, but it doesn't preclude somebody who has access to that electronic data to also do things with it, because each account that you can provide the person with on the outside has got a dollar value that would be shocking, and it is a really serious problem.    And then when the actual veteran tries to apply for his benefits the IRS says, ``Well, no. You already got your refund.''    ``Well, no I didn't,'' and that can take a long time for all of that to get resolved.    Mr. Griffin. I think it would be a good idea not to use them. When we have to use them in order to identify medical records for our work, typically we will just get the last four digits of the Social Security number along with the name and we feel confident that we have got the right person and the right record.    But clearly the Social Security number is one of the key numbers that the identity theft people like to get.    Mr. Griffin. I agree with you that our veterans deserve the best. I mentioned in my oral testimony that our contacts with our hotline are up 45 percent. We received 13,000 more contacts last year than the previous year.    We are very pleased to hear from whistleblowers. Dr. Daigh's team has been doing work down in Central Alabama. Our criminal investigative team continues to have open work in Central Alabama.    I don't know how much Dr. Daigh can talk about the specifics of what he is looking at down there, but we are responding to these things and we do take our job very seriously. And it is a tsunami of work, and we are trying to get through it as quickly as we can.    David, I don't know if there is anything you can----    Mr. Griffin. Could I just say that we do work very closely with the Office of Special Counsel that has statutory authority for whistleblowers, and I believe the director is gone, isn't he?    Mr. Griffin. I believe it is pretty standardized on audit reports. Our audit reports get sent to the Hill and sent to the department at the same time, simultaneously, electronically.    If we have a restricted report, which means that there would be Privacy Act issues in the report, we post the title of the report, and if we get three requests from the public for that report we will then redact it and post the redacted version on our Web site. Other IGs do administrative closures just like we do, and it is a question of if it is a dry well, let's not waste our resources on it.    Mr. Griffin. They have put new leadership in Philadelphia. Frankly, we completed our draft report within the past week on Philadelphia. It was a project that just kept growing. Every time we went back there, more issues were put on our plate.    If you had a checklist of possible problem areas in different locations in VBA regional offices, you could have checked just about every one of them that came to our attention in Philly as far as misplaced mail, unprocessed claims. There were issues in the Veterans Service Center, they have got an insurance center up there, they have got two call centers. We had issues in all of those locations.    So it is a major project to get it back on track where it needs to be. I am sure we will have many, many recommendations in the report.    Typically, we ask for a response from the department within 2 weeks on a report like that so, you know, it should be out soon, I guess that is the principal message here.    And as far as how it might compare to other facilities, it is very bad. And there are a number of whistleblowers involved there, there are a number of accusations against management there, and that is why it has taken several months to try and get through it all.    Mr. Griffin. I would share with you that our audit staff had received a congressional request over a year ago to look at Denver. They started scoping the project and doing some preliminary work and then we discovered that a law suit had been filed in court by the contractor over payment issues.    It is similar to tort claims being filed by family members who think that their loved one got improper medical care in a V.A. facility. Once a tort claim gets filed it becomes a matter for the Justice Department and the legal system to make the call on whether or not the tort claim is righteous, which would cause us to shut down a review of our health care staff on the same subject, because at that point it is in the courts.    We are capable of doing a review of hospital construction. We are going to launch a review. I had a request the other day from Chairman Miller of House Veterans Affairs on the same subject.    Most of the problems seem to be when you get into change orders and lack of oversight as the project is rolling out. And something else we want to look at, the previous secretary had created a V.A. Construction Review Council a couple years ago, which apparently didn't succeed in Denver. But we want to look and see what has that Construction Review Council done, and what is their charter, and does it have the right expertise in engineering and construction and what have you to do what they were set out to do?    Personally in V.A. they have got three levels of hospitals. There are large ones that have the most sophisticated staff and can handle the most difficult procedures; there are medium-sized; and then there are small ones that are the least complex.    Most of the hospitals are very old, but when you successfully build one somewhere and you decide we need one in Orlando, or we need one in Aurora, Colorado, or we need one in New Orleans, which are where we have activities right now, and you have got the plans for one that came in on time and on budget, let's not reinvent the wheel if it is a similar area that you are trying to service.    So we are going to look into that. It won't help any with the end game on the cost in Denver, but we want to find out why it happened.    Mr. Griffin. My Counselor's group is the Office of Contract Review. You asked about that group and their responsibilities.    Our audit staff was the group that was going to look at Denver until the case wound up in court. We were not involved in the planning. That is a program function of the department.    The Office of Contract Review does pre-award audits when things are going to be placed on the federal supply schedule. The government, being the huge purchaser that it is, is supposed to get most-favored-customer pricing.    When somebody wants to sell the government aspirin or whatever the higher-cost drug might be, we want to make sure that V.A. is getting a competitive price. So they will do a pre-award to make sure that the contracting officer, who actually works for V.A. is getting advice from our staff and make sure that they take that advice, and ask the right questions, and get the best price.    On the other end, there is a post-award review, where if the vendor tells us or tells V.A., ``We will sell this pill for a dollar apiece to you because you are the V.A. and you are a big buyer,'' and we find out later on they are selling it to Walmart for less money----    Mr. Griffin. We are going to look at that in the future. We were not involved in the planning of that facility and when we tried to initiate a review it was already in court. We will be looking at it in the future.    Mr. Griffin. The judge would decide.    Mr. Griffin. Well, we can get access and we will, but while it is being adjudicated in court our decision wouldn't trump the judge's decision.    Mr. Griffin. I don't disagree. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident, as you know.    Mr. Griffin. There has been a range of different methodologies involved in creating fictitious access time lists, et cetera, and some of them were potentially criminal, some of them didn't rise to the level, in the view of the U.S. Attorney's Office, to be prosecuted as criminal, and when that happens we turn them over to the Office of Accountability Review.    Mr. Griffin. Well, you have to prove criminal intent in every instance, and in some instances there were schedulers who would take a call, veteran says, ``I need an appointment because I have got this issue or that issue,'' scheduler would book it, the next available appointment that they had open at that facility, and if it was 120 days from now they would say to the veteran, ``Well, Mr. Veteran, can you come in on July 15th? That is our next available appointment.''    So you are given an option of one date 120 days from now. You trust that that is the first available date so you say, ``Well, yes, I guess I will take it.''    Well, when that gets scored as your desired date, that is not really what you wanted. You would like to come in tomorrow, but when it gets scored that way, now you are down in the lowest level of the appointment chain, and for some of the schedulers they didn't know any different. They thought, ``Well, this is the next appointment I have. I can't create something out of nothing. If we don't have the staff here to get this veteran in sooner,''--some didn't realize it was wrong because it was the only thing they ever knew.    They didn't realize the bigger picture that if the Congress was not aware of the existence of these waiting times and the demand, which has been recognized now--I know Mr. Jolly co-sponsored one of the bills on this--you wouldn't have got that $16 billion in the pipeline to try and hire more staff and create a choice card and everything else. I mean, that is the fallacy of it.    We reported for 10 years on waiting times deficiencies, and it only caught fire in the past year.    Mr. Griffin. That is right.    Mr. Griffin. The performance appraisals in VHA, as you may know from your time there, might have 100 elements that people are rated on, one of which might be access to care. In many facilities--they are not the same elements. Someone might say, ``These are the five biggest challenges we have this year in our network or in our medical center,'' so the director says, ``I am going to go after these five things this year.'' Access might not be near the top of his list.    Don't misunderstand. It is outrageous. It is outrageous when the principal deputy Under Secretary in VHA sends a letter to the whole system and says, ``Stop cooking the books,'' and says to the leadership out there, ``This is how they are doing it. This is how you can catch it.'' They institute a policy to require certification that their numbers are legitimate, and a short time later they kill the requirement.    It is outrageous. Believe me, I am with you. And I would like every case we investigate to be prosecuted, but I can't control that.    Mr. Griffin. Absolutely.    Mr. Griffin. Absolutely.    Mr. Griffin. Right. Dr. Daigh's team published a national review last May; it identified a half a dozen different problem areas from bad mixing of different drugs and what have you. And we also published nine other individual reports on opioid use.    I would ask David to speak to the national findings.    Mr. Griffin. We are aware of the anecdotal type stories that you have mentioned, and I don't know what to attribute----    Mr. Griffin . Different kind of review or anything.    Mr. Griffin. We are aware and we have done an audit on the process of brokering out claims. I am from the Heartland myself.    Mr. Griffin. People out there in some of those offices out there would just seem to be able to get the job done. It is cost of living, maybe it is better management----    Mr. Griffin. Exactly. But we did a review of this policy that VBA had of shipping around these claim forms, and naturally, if you are the person who owns the claim that is 2 years old you are happy to ship it off to somebody else.    If you are on the receiving end, frequently there is a reason why it is 2 years old. It wasn't a ground ball, or it wasn't something that somebody could grab hold of and quickly dispose of and, and resolve the issue.    We found that the brokered claims that we looked at--and I would be pleased to send a copy of that review up to you so you can have the information in it, actually extended the time period to get the things done----    Mr. Griffin . As opposed to----    Mr. Griffin. Yes.    Mr. Griffin. And frankly, when everything is electronic--it is still a work in progress--it will even be easier to electronically transfer a claim to a more productive office, which conceptually might not be a bad idea, but maybe you need twice as many people in your office in Nebraska and then you can do more workload.    Mr. Griffin. I can tell you we have not investigated that to date. If there is more information that you would like to provide to my staff we will be happy to look into it.    Mr. Griffin. Please do.    Mr. Griffin. We did do the specific review in Pittsburgh. We also did a national review.    I am going to ask David to respond to that. It is not unique to V.A. facilities, and there is actually a higher percentage of these problems in the Northeast than there is in other parts of the country. But David could speak more eloquently to the problem.    Mr. Griffin. You are referring to the Phoenix recommendations----    Mr. Griffin . Right?    I would like to give you all 18 for the record, if I may, because I don't have all 18 of them on the tip of my tongue.    Mr. Griffin. One of the principal recommendations was to finally, after many years of abortive attempts to create a viable scheduling system, that the V.A. get that system in place that can be remotely audited. So if someone in a facility is playing games with the numbers, that could be detected remotely by somebody in the main V.A. in the I.T. world or in     I know that they put out some requests for proposals on how they might do that. There are some off-the-shelf applications; they are being reviewed.    I think from the standpoint of being able to demonstrate a serious requirement being addressed, that would be one of them.    The old system, if a person wanted or if a doctor wanted to see the veteran in 6 months, software wouldn't allow them to schedule it immediately because it was too far out, which is part of the answer, frankly, on some of these paper wait lists. In order to keep track of those to insert them when you were within the window of being able to put them into the system, they maintained separate lists instead of the electronic wait list, which wasn't capable of handling that information.    So certainly one of the key recommendations was on accountability, and that is a work in progress.    I don't know, David, if anything comes to mind.    Mr. Griffin. As President Reagan once say--said, ``Trust but verify.''    Mr. Griffin. I think to have the capability to monitor remotely what is going on would certainly put a little strength in the system. I do believe that because this went on so long that people just get blase about it, they didn't think about it.    Over 10 years we did 20 reports on this. We testified 19 times before the Congress. And finally it got traction, thanks to some aggressive oversight from the Hill.    When you have the second or third-highest person in VHA sending out a directive saying, ``Knock it off,'' and making a requirement for certification and then very quickly it is removed, it went to the highest levels, and it certainly existed at the director level in some facilities. I am not saying everybody, but it was accepted practice.    And it might have been--I mean, if a director said, ``We don't have enough doctors to do these things in 30 days,'' and then the requirement got cut to 14 days, well, if you can't get them done in 30 days you are not going to get them done in 14 days.    I referred to a stretch goal, you want people to stretch and do the best they can, but if it is unrealistic, people in the field might be saying, ``What are they thinking about? We are drowning in veteran demand and we don't have the resources to deal with it.''    So there needed to be some honesty and say, ``Look, we either need twice as much money to do fee basis work, or we need this number of clinicians.'' But if you don't have staffing standards, it is hard to determine what the number of clinicians is that you need, so we have been beating that drum also.    Mr. Griffin. It was a failure in leadership at multiple levels.    Mr. Griffin. We want to do quality and timely work, and at the current inflow of requests that we get, we can't do it. And it disturbs me greatly.    And as I said earlier, we have a 38 percent increase in requests from the Congress. If you send me a request I don't want to take a year or 8 months or whatever to do it; I would like to turn it around in 90 days possibly--quicker if possible.    But when these things--when you get any of these things like Phoenix--Phoenix consumed half of our staff for the better part of a year. This Philadelphia review just kept growing and growing and growing.    And we want to be part of the solution, and in order to do that you have to be able to do things timely, make solid recommendations that everybody understands, get the department to acknowledge, ``Yes, we admit we have a problem,'' and make them describe the solution, and then we follow up until it happens. That is what we want to do.