    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks for our witnesses' comments today on this very important topic. We had a good discussion in the classified realm yesterday, and look forward to a good discussion today on this very serious threat.    We know that terrorist organizations, in my lifetime, in 26 years in the military, have been plotting and wanting to do the maximum amount of harm to our country and our way of life and our interests. The worst-case scenario that both my colleague and I, as we served in the military, was always a combination of terrorist organizations and weapons of mass destruction of various kinds. And in my role in homeland security we have addressed some of these other biological, chemical threats. Today I appreciate that we are highlighting the radiological and nuclear potential threats of that nexus between terrorist organizations getting access to these deadly weapons.    We learned in my time in the military that threat equals capability plus intent. We have seen, through open-source reporting, that they clearly have the intent, you know, to maximize harm against America, the West, and our way of life. Certainly they have declared that intent through whatever means possible, and the devastation that would come from having such a capability in an attack would be severe, as we know, not just for the death and the loss of life and the impact on the economy, but also the fear that it would invoke, which is, you know, certainly a motivation of the terrorists.    So, as we look at now the capability--and I know we are in an unclassified realm--I look forward to hearing from our experts today about what the threat is. Now, we don't want to be tipping our hand or highlighting to the enemy any of our vulnerabilities, so we need to be very careful as we are highlighting what these threats are, so that we can make sure that we are doing everything we can through a whole-of-society, whole-of-government, with our partners, in order to address and mitigate and detect and interdict these threats.    We need to make sure that we highlight this in hearings like today so that we are doing all that we can to make sure that we are stopping any sort of attack from a radiological or a nuclear weapon from a terrorist organization like ISIS .    There are many pathways that these individuals could use in order to bring a weapon like this into our country. I live in a southern border district. That is certainly one pathway. Coming in through air, coming in through maritime, through our seaports of entry, small boats, all these types of things are ones that--we have seen the drug supply come through. And so I am interested to, you know, hear from our witnesses specifically about the threat. And again, to the maximum extent possible in the unclassified realm, you know, what we are doing about it and what more we could do about it.    We do know that there has been just, again, recent reports revealing radiological nuclear material being lost or stolen several times a year, especially in Russia and other former Soviet States. Just as an example, several years ago FBI was involved in a sting operation that disrupted the sale of cesium which would have been enough to contaminate several city blocks. So this is the type of threat.    The weapons-grade nuclear capability and the radiological threat that we are very interested in investigating further today, we appreciate the expertise and the service of our witnesses. And I yield back.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So I just want to scope the threat again, just--based from your testimonies. So we know there is, you know, basically 30 countries that we are working with, or are available for nuclear material as source, 100 with radiological is what you mentioned. We have got a very active black market, as you all mentioned. According to some open source reports, since December 31, 2014, there have been 2,700 cases reported to the IAEA voluntarily by 100 countries of illicit trafficking of nuclear and radiological material. So those are the ones that are voluntarily reported.    Just, you know, one example, again, from an article in Moldova, in 2011 an informant was able to buy a highly enriched uranium in a green sack out of a Lexus parked near a circus in Moldova's capital. This is just an example of the challenge that we are dealing with.    ISIS is now present in--with affiliates, organized affiliates--in at least 20 countries, with foreign fighters coming from 120 different countries from all over the world. So this is just scoping the challenge.    You talk about partnering with countries in order to make sure we are preventing on the outer ring. So, in my mind, if--who are the--I guess I would think Russia would be a big challenge. I think Moldova is a country of concern. So, in your expertise, who are the most challenging countries for either lack of capacity, lack of positive control, or lack of partnership that we are talking about here for source of material?    And I don't know if--whoever wants to answer it, Ms. Harrington or Dr. Brasure.    Ms. McSally. So if I hear you, I mean, Russia is a concern now due to lack of cooperation, mostly, lack of insight into what is really going on, whether there is positive control or not. Is that fair?    Ms. McSally. OK. And other countries of concern in the unclassified realm--I mean Moldova--I mean, just looking at an article why Moldova might be the most dangerous place on earth, because of this issue. That is a concern to me. I mean can you just share some other perspectives, whether you can in the unclassified, of the countries of concern?    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. So that is a good cooperation, but maybe lack of total positive control. But at least they are cooperating with us, right?    Ms. McSally. OK.    Ms. McSally. Great. Mr. Owen, could we clarify? In your testimony you talked about 100 percent of containers, 100 percent of vehicles are scanned when they are coming in to the country. But you are talking about the radiological scanning. But the physical, the x-ray scanning, is more like 3 or 4 percent, is what I understand. And concerns about shielding or false positives, and what are we doing to maybe close the gap between what is actually being physically scanned versus, you know, what is being radiologically scanned, I just want to clarify it.    Ms. McSally. Of the 3 percent, 1 percent----    Ms. McSally. OK, great. My time has expired. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McSally . Thank you. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Gibbs from Ohio.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes Ms. Hahn from California.    Ms. McSally . Thank you, Dr. Canavan. I am having flashbacks to my physics classes at the Air Force Academy. I won't sleep well tonight. But we got some good questions based on the technology that you discussed.    And Mr. Espie, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Espie. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Weakley for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Grover, CBP testified that they are scanning--although there is limitations to that--3 to 4 percent of containers that are coming in, based on their high-risk designation. You just testified that in the sample that you were talking about from a couple years ago, of the group that they called high risk, it only successfully identified 6 percent accurately to be high risk, missing 94 percent of the actual high-risk containers is what I understood. That is a pretty dismal number.    You since said that they have improved. Are we now at 7 percent and we are missing 93 percent, or where are we right now? That was very disconcerting to hear.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. But their whole briefing and everything yesterday was based on them identifying high threat, high risk.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. But you said previously----    Ms. McSally . It was 94 percent missed.    Ms. McSally. What you missed.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. So did I misunderstand----    Ms. McSally . That 6 percent and 94 percent?    Ms. McSally. Twenty-five to fifty correctly? There are 50 to 75 percent still missed?    Ms. McSally. OK.    Ms. McSally. So this is still a problem. If our whole model is based on them identifying high risk, and we are still somewhere in, you know, less than 50 percent being correctly identified, then that is still a problem.    Ms. McSally. OK. Mr. Espie, what you shared about not getting access to classified information, you know, port directors not having a sense of what the risks are, we have heard similar things across the private sector in homeland security related to those running sports arenas and other potential targets and vulnerabilities for terrorist attack or terrorist activity. This has been of high interest to me.    So you have no access to fusion centers, no--I just want to make sure we clarify. No access to fusion centers. Would you be interested in having access to fusion centers, you know, classified information briefings for appropriate people at the port? I mean this seems like a gaping hole. We have done better sharing information across Federal agencies, but where we are really missing is Federal down to State and local, and then with the private sector is the real gaping hole.    So, could you just clarify what you would desire, as a solution?    Ms. McSally. So, Mr. Chairman, I think this is an area to follow up on. You know, we have been addressing this issue with trying to increase access for the private sector. I think we could probably work together across our committees to maybe work on some initiatives on this.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.