    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Judge Poe, and thank you for recommending this hearing on such an important topic. And I am pleased that we are reviewing this subject in a joint hearing of the two subcommittees.    Since I sit on your subcommittee in addition to chairing the Emerging Threats, I consider this a very efficient use of time. I would also like to thank Ranking Member Jim Langevin and Ranking Member Bill Keating for their contributions and participation today.    We welcome our panel of experts from this interagency team for today's hearing. I would especially like to welcome back Secretary Theresa Whelan from the Department of Defense. Secretary Whelan has appeared before the Armed Services Committee many times, as well as the subcommittee. She brings a wealth of knowledge and experience on important issues within her portfolio.    And I am pleased to have the opportunity today to talk about the topic of countering terrorist financing with our colleagues from the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee. I am honored to be the chairman of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee as we oversee some of the most forward-looking, cutting edge, and in-demand aspects of the Department of Defense.    As we consider this important topic today of countering terrorist financing, I think we should keep in mind two important frames of reference. First, countering the finances of terrorist groups remains a relatively new area of focus for the United States Government and interagency in particular.    Although the attacks of September 11 serves as the most recent forcing function, the subsequent wars of Afghanistan and Iraq showed us that the unabated financing of terrorists and insurgence groups can prolong conflicts and frustrate our national security objectives putting American families at risk.    The more recent rise of ISIL, or Daesh, with nearly $1 billion in annual revenue proves again, for our enemies, cash remains king.    Second, we should continually keep in mind how difficult this problem set is. Eliminating and countering the finances of illicit and terrorist networks that operate in ever changing and clandestine manner is very difficult work. I encourage each of the colleagues today to ask questions of our witnesses on how they are resourced in this important fight to stem the flow of dollars to our enemies.    I again would like to thank Judge Poe for holding this joint hearing between the two subcommittees. I look forward to hearing from our distinguished panel of witnesses today.    And with that, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Judge Poe, and thank you for your obvious passion about this issue and making a difference.    And Secretary Whelan, in your testimony, you discuss how the Department of Defense is working to institutionalize counterthreat finance capabilities across the force and within the services. Can you provide some additional examples of how you are doing this? And additionally, are you seeing demand for counterthreat finance experts continue, and if so, how are you managing that while other resources across the Department continue to diminish? And finally, is the counterthreat finance a high enough priority for commanders to pay attention and dedicate resources to so that we can properly institutionalize lessons learned?    Mr. Wilson. Well, we certainly look forward to working with you on that.    And, Chief Woody, you have really gotten the attention of Judge Poe. He was extraordinarily intrigued by this particular picture. If you can explain it one more time, and then how is it that Fish and Wildlife is coordinating with law enforcement efforts across the United States to stop the global financing?    Mr. Wilson. Yeah, one more time, please.    Mr. Wilson. And one inquiry. You said Sea of Cortez. Where is that?    Mr. Wilson. Okay. But Colonel Cook is very familiar with this, so he will let us know.    Mr. Wilson. That is very serious.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much.