    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Johnson, I, based on your testimony earlier, I know that you played a role, with respect to the negotiation of text, for H.R. 158. Because of that, I know that you were aware that these special categories of exemptions, travel for humanitarian purposes, for business purposes, and for journalistic purposes, were requested by the State Department and were rejected by Congressional negotiators, as reflected in the emails that Chairman McCaul put on the screen earlier. Correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. You were aware, because those special categories were rejected and left out of the text, that groups like the ACLU opposed this bill becoming a law?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. That organizations were opposed to it for that reason?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, were you aware that Members of Congress, like Ranking Member Conyers, actually voted against the law, because those specific exemptions were not included?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So, despite the opposition of Members like Mr. Conyers, you know, of course, that the bill passed into law with an overwhelming vote of 407-19, and the President signed it into law on December 18.    Now, I ask you all that, because, you know, your written testimony and your verbal testimony today really seems to talk about a need and a justification for some of these special categories. To me, I have to tell you, that really just seems like a re-litigation of an issue that has already been lost by the State Department.    Congress acted here. I don't think there is any ambiguity, with regard to Congressional intent. These exceptions were rejected, and the President signed them into law. Because of that, I hope that you can appreciate why so many of the folks that have been in here today see it as the height of arrogance by the administration and Secretary Kerry to send a letter to the Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs less than 24 hours after the President signed this into law, stating an intent to disregard the law.    In so doing, to place the interests of the Iranian economy in front of the National security interests of Americans. Can you see why folks are upset by that?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, let me ask you about that. Do you have a copy of the letter?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, great, because--and let me read this. I want to make sure I get it right. This is a letter from Secretary Kerry to the Foreign--to the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Iran.    In the second paragraph, he says, ``I am also confident that the recent changes in visa requirements passed in Congress, which the administration has the authority to waive, will not in any way prevent us from meeting our JCPOA commitments, and that we will implement them so as not to interfere with the legitimate business interests of Iran.''    Did I read that accurately? Did I read that accurately?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So this letter doesn't say that the administration has the authority to waive for law enforcement purposes or National security purposes. Does it?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. It doesn't say the administration has the authority to waive on a case-by-case basis, as you have said today. Does it?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. It just tells the Iranian government that the administration has the authority to waive so as not to interfere with the legitimate business interests of Iran.    Now, it, also--I want to make sure I read that correctly--doesn't say that we may implement them. Doesn't the language say we will implement them so as not to interfere with the legitimate business interests of Iran?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. It doesn't say we may implement these. It doesn't say we might do it. It doesn't say we might do it on a case-by-case basis, as you have said today. It says we will implement them so as not to interfere with the legitimate business interests of Iran.    Now, we can have a debate about whether there even is such a thing as a legitimate business interest in Iran, but we really can't debate whether or not an Iranian business interest has anything to do with law enforcement in this country, can we?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, you know, it is funny, because when you talk about what is in the National security interests of our country, for the last several decades, our National security interest has been to sanction Iran. It has been to cripple the business interests in Iran. It has been to cripple their economy. Those sanctions, frankly, were working pretty well, until this administration did away with them.    You know, Ms. Johnson, I don't want to shoot the messenger. Maybe we need to bring Secretary Kerry here. Maybe we need to remind Secretary Kerry that he is no longer Senator Kerry, that he doesn't get to make laws anymore.    I would like to know, frankly, from Senator Kerry whether he ever intended to honor Congressional intent, or whether this negotiation with Congress was ever in good faith, or whether the administration had already planned to force these special categories into the National security waiver.    Either way, it is this type of gotcha attitude, it is this defiance of the rule of law, which make the American people not trust this administration. I don't blame them.    With that, I yield back.