    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Gruenberg, thank you for being here today.    I will make this very brief. I have been working on this for about 2 years along with the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer. We were stunned to learn about it in the very first instance I heard about it, and we have worked diligently to try and stop this program.    And while we had heard that the program had stopped, I have had information come to me as recently as last week that not only is Choke Point not stopped, not only is it just continuing, but it is expanding. It is broader now than it was when Mr. Luetkemeyer and I started. I will talk to you specifically about that during my time.    But I will assure you that there are a lot of folks up here on this dais and folks who are not here today for whom this is the biggest thing back home. This is it. You are talking about Choke Point putting people in my district out of business: pawnshops; payday lenders; gun dealers.    I am from South Carolina, where that is a big part of what we do, and it is a big deal for us. And so, if you perceive a certain passion today in the questions, I hope you understand that this is not something intellectually removed from reality. It is not something that is theoretical. It is not something that is political. This is real. People in my district don't have jobs today because of Choke Point. And I look forward to talking to you more about that.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Gruenberg, I have a letter in front of me dated February 15, 2013. It is signed by Anthony Lowe, one of your Regional Directors at the time. And I am going to read just one or two sentences from it. It was directed to a board of directors at a bank:    ``It is our view that payday loans are costly and offer limited utility for consumers as compared to traditional loan products. Furthermore, the redacted relationship carries a high degree of risk to the institution, including third-party reputational compliance and legal risk, which may expose the bank to individual and class actions by borrowers and local regulatory authorities. Consequently, we have generally found that activities related to payday lending are unacceptable for an insured depository institution.''    Was this the official position of the FDIC in February 2013 when this letter was written?    Mr. Mulvaney. If I were to ask you the same question--if I took out the words ``payday loans'' and inserted ``pawnshops,'' ``tobacco shops,'' ``gun dealers,'' ``ammunition manufacturers,'' would that also be the case? It was not the policy of the FDIC in 2013 and it is not the policy today?    Mr. Mulvaney. And I see that--I don't have the document for later in 2013.I do have the one from July of 2014 that you have referenced here a couple of times today.    In December of 2014, I got a phone call from a pawnshop in my district that had been denied a loan to expand their business. They needed a million dollars to expand their pawnshop.    The woman--it was a single woman who ran it and was hoping to pass it on to her grown children--needed to borrow a million dollars and went to the bank that she had a 25-year relationship with and offered to post $500,000 in collateral and borrow effectively 50 percent of the cost.    She was told by that institution, which was overseen by the FDIC, that they could not lend to her because of the nature of her business. She then went to two other banks in the same community--it is a very small town where I live--and got the same answer.    My specific question to you is this: What remedy is available either to that lady or to that bank for that outcome?    Mr. Mulvaney. Let me ask it this way. Let's say that I talk to the banker and I ask, who is your examiner, and they know and they will tell me. What should that bank do in order to straighten out this difficulty?    Mr. Mulvaney. Now, after you issued the July 2014 advisory letter, the institution letter, you were still having difficulties with Choke Point, weren't you? People were still calling to complain about Choke Point being used to deny them access to credit.    Mr. Mulvaney. Sure. And that was at least one motivation for the January 2015 additional guidance, correct?    Mr. Mulvaney. And you came in--I think the language here says that you encourage--this is from the summary, not the actual text, it is the summary that you provided--insured depository institutions to service the communities. It goes on to say that you encourage them to take a risk-based approach in assessing individual customer relationships rather than declining to provide banking services to entire categories of customers without regard to the risks. That is in January of 2015.    Last week, it happened again in my district, to a business with a decade's long relationship with their bank, at many different levels, by the way. The company is a diversified company. One of their businesses happens to be payday lending, and their bankers came to them unsolicited. They weren't asking for a new line, weren't asking for any new credit, no new loans, but the bank came to them and said, look, we really like the relationship with you and we want to continue it. We just can't do it anymore for your payday operation. You need to close your checking and savings accounts for that.    Mr. Mulvaney. That is why I am not using the names.    Mr. Mulvaney. Lastly, and this is the question I referred to, I think, in my opening statement, I have another example that I won't go into in great detail where a similar thing happened in my district with a bank that is not overseen by the FDIC. It is overseen by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. So, my question to you is this: Are you aware of any of the other regulatory agencies engaging in similar Operation Choke Point-like activity?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you share the directives that you gave in your July 2014 letter and January 2015 letter with the folks at the OCC, with the Fed, or with anybody else?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.