    Mr. Carmon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the committee.    My testimony is dedicated to the financial support given by the Palestinian Authority to prisoners and to families of martyrs who continued their terrorist activities after the Oslo Accord of 1993, in which Arafat committed on behalf of the Palestinian people to end all forms of terrorism and, by that commitment, won recognition among nations.    By providing this support at the amount of $300 million per year, the PLO violates Oslo, encourages terrorism. And by using, or misusing, actually, the money of donor countries, including the United States, it makes them unwittingly complicit to this act of supporting terrorism.    Let me deal with the details of this support. The PA distributes the money through two bodies of the PLO. One is the Palestinian National Fund, which deals with the prisoners and distributes the money through another Commission for Detainees, and the other is the Institute for the Caring of Families of Martyrs.    This support for prisoners is anchored in a series of laws but chiefly Law No. 14 and Law No. 19 of 2004 and Law No. 1 of 2013. The law describes the prisoners as a fighting sector whose rights and the rights of their families must be assured without discrimination.    What do these words mean? They mean that Hamas terrorists and Islamic jihad, PFLP, others, like a squad that bombed the cafeteria of the Hebrew U. 9 years after Oslo, in which four Americans were killed, will get support, like the killers of Taylor Force and their families. I hold in my hand documents which I hope to include in the testimony--we got them this morning--which demonstrate from PA official documents that they get this support.    What are they entitled to? They get salaries, jobs, exemptions in education, health care, and more. Years in jails are calculated as years of seniority in government service, and priority in jobs are given to those who are personally involved in acts of terrorism.    The annual amount reaches $140 million. And the implementation of the laws is through a series of decisions by the PA Government, particularly Decision 23 of 2010, which set the levels of salaries. As you had mentioned, Mr. Chairman, it is $364 per month to those who were sentenced to 3 years, up to $3,120 to those who were sentenced to 30 years for more brutal acts. There is a special supplement for Jerusalemites of $78 per month and for Israeli Arabs at the level of $130 per month above the regular salary.    They also get the money for the canteen in jail at the level of no less than $780,000 per year.    At times when there is tension between the PA and the other organizations, President Abbas doesn't hesitate to cut them down, cut the salaries down. More on that you will find in my written testimony.    Let me move to the issue of the families of martyrs. The general amount is $173 million per year. And these are distributed not by any specific law but by the laws that dominate social affairs, the conditions of the family and so on.    But here again, it is--these two magic words--without discrimination. Namely, President Abbas and the PA claim to follow a peaceful political path, different than that of the other Palestinian organizations who followed the path of armed struggle and jihad. But, at the same time, they fund all those who follow the terrorists' violent path. It is not just about the incitement to violence; it is about funding it. It is about guaranteeing an environment supportive of terror.    In conclusion, one can understand the PLO's commitment to support families of martyrs in the era before Oslo in the context of an overall peaceful reconciliation. But the fact that the PA supports those who continue terrorist activity after Oslo for many years now using donor countries' money is a basic violation of the Oslo Accords and a deliberate encouragement of terrorism. This is a situation the donor countries never meant or wanted, and it is in their hands to put an end to it.    Mr. Chairman, much more details are in my written testimony. I wish to thank you again for this opportunity to present the facts of this report.    Mr. Carmon. Yes, sir.    In May 2014, under the pressure of donor countries, the PA made a deliberate move of misleading those countries by transferring the distribution of the money that comes from the PA to a body of the PLO.    It created a virtual body, I should say, called the Commission for Detainees and Ex-Detainees Affairs, which belongs to the PLO, but it was virtual in the sense that the offices remained the same offices; the man in charge was the same man, Issa Qaraqe, with a different job title; the supervision or oversight of the distribution of the money remained the same.    And it was all in answer to this pressure which was specified by the minister at the time of the affairs of the prisoners, Mr. Ziad Abu Ein, who said we had to do it because of the pressure of donor countries which began different investigations about how we spend this money.    So this was the idea, we pass it to the PLO. And this is the end of the story. They will not----    Mr. Carmon. Absolutely.    Mr. Carmon. Yep.    Mr. Carmon. This is hard to determine because no one knows really what is the PA general budget. Much of it is hidden. There are different bodies that are dealing with it. But I would say that by the----    Mr. Carmon . Online and--right. Maybe it would be about 10 percent.    Mr. Carmon. Yes.    Mr. Carmon. Right.    Mr. Carmon. Mr. Chairman, the President of the Palestinian Authority said openly that this is the main concern of the Palestinians, that the prisoners are a fighting sector of our society and they----    Mr. Carmon. Mr. Chairman, MEMRI has been monitoring the Arab and Palestinian media mindset for almost 20 years, and what we see in the Palestinian media--and now it is virtual, it is online, and it goes all over the world--is a constant legitimatization of the armed action, of the killing of Israelis and Jews. And much of the terminology refers to Jews, kill the Jews.    We have so much material online on our Web site, MEMRI.org, which shows it in a quite graphic way, pictures of the actual killing, reacting and acting in a kindergarten of the terrorist acts, to tell people, this is the model, this is the--tell kids, this is your model.    But there is more than that. There is actual training through the Internet of how to do it.    Mr. Carmon. Not just stab as it comes to you, but where to hit. And there are instructions, and there are instructions to use poison, with which knives to deal, and, of course, to use any weapon possible, not necessarily weapons but cars and trucks and other ways, whatever is in your capability--kill, kill, kill.    Mr. Carmon. Much of it is on the Palestinian official media, absolutely.    Mr. Carmon. Well, it is hard to know what are the motives of the donor countries. They begin pressuring, and they hope that this pressure will help, but, instead of a real change, they got a virtual change.    And, really, the point to raise, as I mentioned, is that Abbas himself is doing it for the wrong reasons, so why wouldn't they? It is not something that is undone. It is something possible, and Abbas himself is doing it.    Mr. Carmon. Sir, it is also U.S. money.    Mr. Carmon. Sir, the documents are there. The information is there. We also possess much of it online. I have in my hand documents from the Arab Bank and from the Ministry of Detainees, which sets up all the details, everything that--how and where.    And they are respectable banks. It is an official government operation. It is not some rogue side payment under the table. This is what the PA stands for, ideologically and in money.    So the information is there. It is, again, the will to act upon it. And I think that it would be a great educational process if that amount of $300 million per year is cut so people understand through their lives that this path is not the way to get rid neither of the occupation nor of their life conditions.    Mr. Carmon. We are working on this, and we will publish a report about the new textbook.    Mr. Carmon. The previous one was simply the textbooks of the Palestinian Authority and Jordan, a mixture of both. Unfortunately, the Israeli Government turned a blind eye to all that, and now it is changing its position.    But, you know, when Abbas declares the prisoners are our top priority, this is a message. The money is not coming as some social welfare. It is ideological money. It conveys a message that the fight is the top priority, even though we are not doing it for now. But it is in violation of Oslo, and from Oslo they got the recognition from all the other nations. So I don't expect----    Mr. Carmon. So thank you for this question because it is a crucial one. What holds back the peace process or the chances to move ahead? The Arab peace plan, in its original form when the Saudis suggested it, did not include the right of return, which is a non-starter. Later, in a meeting of the Arab League, it was included and, thus, became the Arab peace plan.    With the right of return, of course, nothing can happen. And if it is unchangeable, then there is no change in the Arab position. Only with a change on this point can there be anything moving ahead.    And this is also the position of Abbas. Why everything stopped? Because he insists on the right of return. When Prime Minister Olmert suggested 100 percent of the territory through swap of land, what remained there to be holding it back? Only the demand for the right of return.    So, unfortunately, the Arab peace plan is a non-starter as long as it is unchangeable. And the tragedy of it is that the Saudi Foreign Minister said it, while the Saudis, who initiated it--and, in their initial suggestion, it did not include the right of return.    Mr. Carmon. It was under the pressure of donor countries.    Mr. Carmon. Absolutely.    Mr. Carmon. Definitely. The message is respect--legitimatization, respect, and even hero-ization of those who are involved in these acts.    Mr. Carmon. There was, yes.    Mr. Carmon. I believe that this money is ideological money. It reflects an ideology which we see in the insistence on the right of return.    I would also like to be positive and suggest that the main focus of U.S. foreign policy would be in this respect on demanding of the PLO to stop with this nonstarter. Mr. Abbas sent his special envoy to the Herzliya conference just a few weeks ago, Mr. Ahmad Majdalani, who said there all refugees must go back to their ``homes.'' So this is the position, and the money is just a reflection of it. This is what has to be changed, and of course the money too.