    Mr. Batkins. Thank you, Chairman Walberg, members of the Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear today.    In this testimony, I wish to highlight the following points: first, by virtually any metric, regulatory activity has increased across the federal government, from the 100 major rules issues in 2010 to the more than $100 billion in new annual regulatory costs. These new measures will affect employment.    Second, there is a general consensus that regulations have statistically significant but small effects on industry employment. The American Action Forum's work has found that $1 billion in new annual regulatory costs could cut industry employment by 3.6 percent, and third, even federal agencies routinely acknowledge the impact of regulations on employment.    From 2012 to present, 22 rules have conceded they could negatively impact employment, resulting in nearly 86,000 lost jobs.    Regulatory activity has undoubtedly increased in recent years. The paperwork burden, the number of major rules, and monetized regulatory costs, have all trended upward. What does this mean for employment?    We know there are more regulatory compliance officers now than ever before, approximately 246,000. As the regulatory burden grows, so, too, does demand on businesses, to shift employees from profit making endeavors to compliance.    A 2013 Minneapolis Fed study emphasized paperwork burdens and what being forced to hire additional compliance staff means for small banks. The study found that hiring two additional compliance officers reduced profitability by roughly half a percent, and that one-third of the banks studied would become unprofitable if forced to hire additional compliance officers.    For regulatory costs, EPA and the Department of Energy alone have added $39 billion in new annual burdens since 2009. For employees in fossil fuel power plants, these costs are one leading factor to a 28 percent decline in industry employment since 2008.    There are other factors in play but regulation has definitely made its mark. According to the most recent literature, regulation has a modest but significant impact on industry employment.    In one seminal study, Professor Michael Greenstone examined how employment in pollution intensive industries in non-attainment ozone counties differed from attainment counties. The results were dramatic. Non-attainment counties, those with more stringent EPA controls, lost 590,000 jobs, $37 billion in capital, and $75 billion in output.    Dr. Richard Morgenstern, whose work is often cited in regulatory impact analyses, summarizes the intersection of regulation and employment writing, ``there is only limited evidence that environmental regulation leads to significant job loss.'' Note, he did not say there is evidence environmental regulation leads to major job gains.    The American Action Forum's work found that for every $1 billion increase in regulations, industry employment declines by 3.6 percent.    More important than a top line number, however, is the human element to regulation. Even if a rule leads to a net zero impact on aggregate employment but results in thousands of job transfers, there still might be individual job losses and stagnant wages.    For instance, research has found job displacement can lead to a 15 to 20 percent increase in death rates in the 20 years following displacement. This should not be discounted by regulators or policymakers.    Finally, regulatory agencies need to perform more employment impact analyses. Rutgers University Professor Stuart Shapiro examined a regulatory impact analysis of 56 major rules and found that just 11 quantified the rules' impact on employment. On rules since 2012 that had discussed the impact on employment, the American Action Forum found 22 admitted some job losses were possible, including 11 to date in 2015.    As the Department of Energy once conceded, ``it is possible small manufacturers will choose to leave the industry or choose to be purchased by or merged with larger market players.''    Likewise, a Department of Labor rule admitted its implications would result in a dead weight loss and dis-employ roughly 1,000 workers annually. The combined employment loss from the 22 rules, according to agency estimates, could top 85,000 workers.    Based on the research from Professors Eric Posner and Jonathan Masur, the cost of an individual job displacement is $100,000. If we take this 85,000 jobs figure at face value, it means $8.5 billion in costs, human costs, a human toll from regulation.    The proposed overtime expansions, the fiduciary rulemaking, and redefining the joint employer rule could add to these significant totals.    In conclusion, the general consensus is regulation does have an effect on employment, at least at the industry level. More research is needed in this field, and agencies, OIRA, and independent parties should work to perform more rigorous analysis on the intersection of regulation and employment.    Thank you for your time, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Batkins. Well, again, the effect of regulation on employment is complicated, but one thing it will definitely do, and this is something Mr. Beebe mentioned, is it will impose millions of dollars in costs, and hundreds of thousands of paperwork hours.    Now, someone, whether it is someone's wife or compliance officer, has to eventually comply with those regulatory compliance. Those hours mean something. They translate into compliance officer's time from profit making tasks devoted instead to regulatory compliance.    The overtime rule in conjunction with some other Department of Labor rules, I think if you add up the regulatory agenda, would be something close to $7 billion in aggregate costs.    It is difficult to say that kind of imposition will not have at least some effect on employment. It might take the form of lower labor force participation rates or it may take the form of lower wages. I certainly think you will see some impact.    Mr. Batkins. There certainly is a connection. Again, I think when you look at sort of the aggregates, regulations are often hidden. They are not on our tax bill like FICA, we do not see that in terms of sales tax.    There is a lot of evidence looking at the impact of regulation on employment. There was a study done looking at the Clean Air Act. It found sort of marginal impacts on employment, but close to $9 billion in foregone wage earnings as a result of the regulations. A lot of that was through a lower labor force participation rate and lower wages down the line.    I do not think you can see $100 billion and say that will not have an impact somewhere down the line. I think a lot of this sort of operates under a false premise. We say well, the unemployment rate is low, regulations cannot possibly be having an effect.    No one has ever said that a single regulation would cause the unemployment rate to go up to 10 percent. These are mostly industry specific examples. If you look at certain heavily regulated industries, there certainly are impacts on employment and wages.    To discount it and say the unemployment rate is low is sort of disingenuous.    Mr. Batkins. Some of the regulations that I have mentioned just from DOL specifically, the joint employer rule is one, the overtime rule, fiduciary rule. Those are sort of the big DOL regulations coming down the road.    I think when you look at regulatory costs generally, especially with small start up's, these costs fall disproportionately on small firms.    If you are just one or two people starting up a business and you have sort of these fixed regulatory costs, as they tend to be, you have to spread those regulatory costs over a much smaller pool of assets, and in some cases, just your own money, and you do not have a team of compliance officers or a team of lawyers that larger competitors might have.    If you are just starting out in this new economy and you sort of have a fixed base of regulatory costs, it is going to be tremendously difficult without a lot of capital to get things moving.    Mr. Batkins. Well, the Department of Labor--actually, this is one of the few instances where they did forecast potential job losses as a result of the regulation, and it is one of the few regulations we have come across, and we have come across thousands since 2006, where they admitted there would be a dead weight loss as a result of the regulation, and over the course of roughly 10 years could dis-employ 1,000 workers annually.    There are very few regulations that admit that impact. It would be interesting to go back five to 10 years from now and actually see the retrospective impact of the rule, but up front, if you are projecting 1,000 workers annually being dis-employed, that is sort of the other side of the coin when we compare it to higher wages.