    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, first of all for having this hearing and for the high level of cooperation relative to witnesses and invitations. We appreciate it.    Jonathan, it is great to see you, former Commissioner at the FCC, and to everyone that accepted our invitation to be here today.    To Mr. Slinger and Ms. Socia, first of all, thank you for your important advocacy for the ``dig once'' policy. I wish that the Congress had passed it because I think that we would have more of that policy actually--excuse the expression--embedded in our Federal roadways, but how do you think, A, the Executive Order is working? I want to get my questions out first, OK, because the time is very brief, and if you think there are any additional steps that Congress should take to incent that deployment of conduit as part of the Federal highway projects and that system, which I don't know, right now it doesn't seem like the highway project system is going anywhere. It looks like it is being driven off the road in Congress. But anyway, here maybe we can concentrate on that.    Mr. Moffett, I listened very carefully to what you said, and I think it is really highly pessimistic. It was depressing to listen to your description of every last sector of the telecommunications marketplace, and my question to you would be, where do you see a bright spot?    To Governor Lewis, thank you for being here. You know, there was a report that just came in out of terms of broadband penetration in our country. We are 24th in the world. And I think that a good part of that number is a representation of Native Americans and reservations in our country. It is a shameful record. It is a shameful record. And I think if there is going to be something that moves up to the top of the list here in a bipartisan way is to see that we bring to the parts of the country where there are reservations that you get first-class service for first-class citizenship. You really do. I mean, for students to have to be driven by their parents 65 and 75 miles away to sit in the car in order to get some kind of connection to do their homework, I don't think any Member of Congress who is a parent here would ever put up with that. We shouldn't have that in our country. And I hope that Mr. Slinger and Governor Lewis will form a partnership and then come back and report to us. I would really like to have you meet and see what you can come up with because you both need each other and we need both of you.    To Ms. Socia, does Next Century Cities support having local municipal systems?    Ms. Eshoo. Well, that doesn't answer my question, though.    Ms. Eshoo. It is too broad. Excuse the----    Ms. Eshoo . Term.    Ms. Eshoo. Well, I come from local government so I agree with you, and I think that they should have the opportunity to do that as well.    Jonathan, I regularly hear from constituents who are frustrated with the tower siting process. Now, here is one for you. Everyone wants great service, the best service in the whole wide world, but no one wants a wireless tower in their backyard or where they can see it anywhere near where they live. So how do you respond to this, you know, the people that say that reforms need to be made to take away local jurisdiction, say, over the placement of cell towers. It is really a--it is like trying to get socks on an octopus. I mean, they want it, they don't want it. And yet there are some have-tos in this. So those are my questions, and you have 13 seconds to answer them. Oh, no, you don't have any time because I am over time. But you can respond in writing, and that way I will get more meat on the bones, I think.    So thank you for being here, and please, Mr. Slinger and Governor Lewis, come together, and if my office, other offices can help facilitate, let us know.