    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman.    Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for being here.    Ms. Ganzer, can you clarify something for me, because I was running in and out to other--other hearings.    What specifically was your role in this negotiation? Are you--were you the person that made the final decision in the Wassenaar Agreement?    Mr. Marino. What part did--maybe Mr. Van Diepen--am I pronouncing that correctly? What part did you play in this, sir?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Now it's starting to make sense.    Mr. Wolf and Ms. Schneck.    Mr. Marino. Okay. Ms. Schneck, am I pronouncing that correctly?    Mr. Marino. Schneck. I'm sorry.    Mr. Marino. Okay. What part did Homeland Security play in this?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Now, I heard Ms. Ganzer say that industry was consulted, and I think Mr. Wolf said industry was consulted. Is that true?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Did State do that, have that discussion with industry? Then did Commerce have that discussion with industry? And Homeland have that discussion with industry?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Now, you talked about, what was it, 30-some or 40-some other countries have already implemented this rule?    Mr. Marino. My question is, what weight is that going to carry? You know, are these other countries going to have more weight in this? Do they have a bigger dog in this fight than our own homegrown U.S. companies?    Mr. Marino. Well, certainly, it's going to be a weight issue, because it involves jobs here in the United States. It involves security. It involves business in this country that create tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of jobs. And the point I'm trying to get across is, I want enough attention paid to industry here in the United States than letting someone in Europe making the determination of how we're going to play football over here.    Mr. Marino. Now, is this a still an open, ongoing process?    Mr. Marino. And are you going to communicate with four people at the end of the table here and others that I see in the gallery here about what is the most efficient way to do this and what is the best bang for the U.S.? Because I'm tired of us taking a back seat with this administration and worrying about what other countries want.    So are you giving us your word here that you are going to talk with these people and not be disingenuous about the meetings with these people, about what they need to continue to provide jobs here in the U.S.?    Mr. Marino. Okay. I see my time has expired. I would like to see an emphasis put on what we need here in the United States. And I trust that you will do that.    And I yield back. Thank you.