    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, thank you for taking the time to be here. Sir, traditionally, the FHA has had as its mission to provide access to creditworthy low- and moderate-income and first-time borrowers, and play a countercyclical role in the market in times of credit contraction. Is that still the parameters that you believe are the mission of the FHA?    Mr. Tipton. Okay. Right now, the FHA has roughly 50 percent of the market share that is in place in the whole mortgage market, insurance market. Do you think that is too high?    Mr. Tipton. To step back a little bit, when you just defined what the mission of the Federal Housing Administration is, is 50 percent of the market in that low-income, underserved area countercyclical area, 50 percent of the whole market? Does it meet that criteria?    Mr. Tipton. I will come back to this, but since you bring up the countercyclical portion of this, you had indicated that you have had two of the most profitable years, so the market stabilized, but yet you are trying to get a bigger share of the market by lowering rates, is that correct?    Mr. Tipton. But you are at 50 percent plus now.    Mr. Tipton. So that 50 percent, that is all low-income, underserved markets is what you are telling us?    Mr. Tipton. 50 percent of the market right now.    Mr. Tipton. Just my basis for a little bit of reflection here, the overall market share has fluctuated from as little as 3 percent in the 2000s, to more than 30 percent of new mortgage purchases during the crisis. Normally, it is in the 10- to 15-percent range, so you are already well above that.    Mr. Tipton. So again, has the market normalized pretty much? You just said you had two of the most profitable years in your history.    Mr. Tipton. So why are you trying to get more business by lowering rates?    Mr. Tipton. You are at .41 percent capitalization.    Mr. Tipton. Is that going to happen? Are you going to take a bigger share than 50 percent now that the--    Mr. Tipton. In a normalized market that you say we are now in, what would be the proper size of the FHA?    Mr. Tipton. And you have indicated that you are obviously comfortable with lowering the rates, and just a final question here in the waning moments that we have here, how big is too big for the FHA in terms of the overall market?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, sir.