    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General Scaparrotti and Admiral Harris, for being here--all your entourage--for your commitment to protecting us all. We appreciate it. Sometimes you don't get told that enough.    Admiral Harris, I guess I will start out with a really easy question: Are you aware of any collusion between Iran and North Korea with regards to North Korea's intermittent but ongoing nuclear and missile tests?    Mr. Franks. General Scaparrotti, that is your perspective as well?    General Scaparrotti. That is mine as well, yes, sir.    Mr. Franks. Admiral, your colleague here, General Scaparrotti, called BMD one of USKF's four critical needs and is certainly--that is--but given the unpredictable and belligerent nature of the North Korean regime combined with their steadily increasing ballistic missile technology, how important do you believe this layered missile defense system that we have is in deterring North Korea?    And in light of some of the recent events that I think are pretty serious, can you describe if you think that there are currently enough defense assets in your command to deter or defeat a North Korean ballistic missile attack?    Mr. Franks. Well, how has the fiscal year 2017 budget request, prioritization of modernization, affected your commands? I mean, do you currently have the assets you need to fight tonight while currently modernizing?    Mr. Franks. All right. I guess, let me put it this way, and I will address the question to both of you: If there is anything that you feel like that if you had the option that you could increase in terms of your capability, meaning particular area, what would that be?    Mr. Franks. General Scaparrotti.    General Scaparrotti. Sir, I would say, one, high-altitude multi-INT intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance assets; and I would go back to the ballistic missile defense assets: for instance, Patriot. It would be ideal to have more Patriot than I have now as opposed to relying on the additional Patriot at crisis. But the fact of the matter is, is that our missile defense forces are stretched. There is great demand around the globe of that for similar kinds of threats; THAAD, for instance, same.    So, you know, if I were to tell you what more could I use and we had the budget to do it, I think those would be my top two right there.    Mr. Franks. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am going to do something crazy; I am going to yield back my last 18 seconds.    And thank you, all, very much.    The Chairman. Chair appreciates that.    Ms. Tsongas.