    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and all of the panelists and Ranking Member, for calling this truly important hearing.    And Mr. Judd hit it right on the head with his comment that it's not only on the border now. It is coming into the United States. Just this past week a news reporter and her cameraman were shot. A police officer putting gas in his car was shot. A woman from Illinois was shot. The incidents that you mentioned, and as Mr. Starr said, it's going to be a long effort on the border. And as my colleague, Mr. Mica, mentioned, it is out of control.    And I would like to point out that a lot of the shooting is coming from guns that were manufactured and slipped over the border into Mexico. In fact, Mexico has some of the most restrictive gun laws in the entire world, yet it's seen a tremendous surge in gun-related violence.    Just yesterday Chairman Cummings shared with me this letter that was sent to him from Charge de Affairs of Mexico, Alejandro Estivill, and in it he says that the ATF found that over 70 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico in 2014 were sourced from the United States. Now, that is a shocking statistic.    Seventy percent of the guns came from America. And in it he further writes, ``Congress can play a very important role in combatting these transborder criminal organizations and the flow of illegal firearms by enacting proper legislation,'' I ask unanimous permission to put this letter into the record, Mr. Cummings, and Mr. Chaffetz.    Mrs. Maloney. And we are trying to do just that. Earlier today in a bipartisan way, Ranking Member Cummings and others, Member Kelly from Illinois, introduced legislation to make it a felony to deal with illegal guns, to be a trafficker. It's not even a felony in our country to traffic in illegal guns. I would say how dumb can you be? We should pass a bill making it a felony tomorrow, today.    And also the penalties, as we have heard in hearings before this committee, on the fast and furious hearings we had from law enforcement, they don't even bother to arrest traffickers or straw purchasers, those who purchase guns for others that are known criminals or drug dealers or gang leaders because there's no penalty. It's like a paper penalty, so they don't waste their time doing it. And they literally pled with us to give them the tools to do the job.    So today we are introducing this bill in a bipartisan way that would increase penalties for straw purchasers and make trafficking in illegal guns a felony.    Now, in Mexico, just to give an example, to make a purchase in a gun store, and they only have one gun store in the whole country, but to make a purchase they are required by law, and their store is operated by the Army, they must pass a background check, present identification, pass through a metal detector, hand over cell phones, a camera, just to enter the building. And once inside, a perspective buyer is fingerprinted, photographed, and then permitted to buy a single weapon and a box of ammunition; and they're required to take that home and put it under lock and key. So they have strong gun laws, but the obvious question is where are all these guns coming from? And these guns are coming from the United States.    And, Mr. Harris, in your testimony you said, ``the U.S. Mexican border, the primary threats are southbound gun smuggling, northern bound drug trafficking, human trafficking, illegal immigration, and the violence associated with these activities.'' Could you elaborate, please, Mr. Harris, on the southbound gun smuggling. How big is it? Can you tell us more about this gun smuggling?    Mrs. Maloney. How many guns do you think are being trafficked into Mexico each year? Do you have any feel for it?    Mrs. Maloney. My time is expired, but if I could say, Mr. Chairman, in one second, obviously part of controlling the crime in America and at the border is controlling the sale of illegal gun trafficking and straw purchases of illegal guns. Thank you.    Mrs. Maloney. Will the gentleman yield?