    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I am pleased to be holding this hearing today with Ranking Member Cummings. Reforming and restoring the United States Secret Service is not a partisan issue. I firmly believe that a united front with Mr. Cummings and I have presented have driven change within the agency. Together, we have sent letters to 10 closed-door meetings and briefings with the Secret Service and asked for change.    Just this morning, in a bipartisan way, we went and visited the Secret Service headquarters. And we appreciate their accommodations and the tour of the facility, the management facility there.    Today, the senior leadership of the Secret Service looks much different than it did when we began examining the agency. In fact, we originally planned to have both the Acting Director and the Deputy Director appear before us today on a second panel. But with the recent announcement of the Deputy Director's departure from the agency, we agreed to postpone the agency's appearance before the committee for another day.    We want to thank Acting Director Clancy and Secretary Jeh Johnson for being consistently available to us. They have been very accessible, and we are very appreciative of that. We also applaud Secretary Jeh Johnson for assembling a panel, which we will hear from today, to examine the Secret Service. The panel's report did not mince words, did not skirt the issues, and provided serious recommendations.    According to the panel's findings, the Secret Service ``is starved for leadership'' and lacks a ``culture of accountability.'' The panel recommended the next Secret Service Director appointed by the President come from outside the agency. The panel's report states--and I happen to agree--that ``at this time in the agency's history, the need for Secret Service experience is outweighed by what the Service needs today, dynamic leadership that can move the Service forward in the new era and drive change in the organization.'' The report goes on to say, ``Only a director from outside the Service, removed from organizational traditions and personal relationships, will be able to do the honest top-to-bottom reassessment,'' dealing with what is necessary inside the agency.    Alarmingly, the panel found that no one inside the Secret Service has ever taken time to sit down and figure out exactly what it costs to protect the President. In fact, the panel found, ``No one has really looked how much the mission done right actually costs.'' This is simply unacceptable. Combined with other limitations, like insufficient training, antiquated technology, and insular attitude, these factors have all contributed to the recent security breaches. The fact that the panel made these findings is not surprising. But I will tell you personally it is very refreshing to have a panel take such a deep, serious look into the agency and provide some very candid results and perspective. And he did it in a very swift manner. And for that, we are very, very thankful.    Over the past several years, a series of security breaches have raised a number of questions about the effectiveness of the agency. In 2011, a man fired a high-powered rifle at the White House while President Obama's daughter was inside the residence. The Secret Service was unable to confirm that shots had been fired at the White House until a housekeeper found broken glass 4 days later. This shooter eluded capture for 5 days, traveling all the way to Pennsylvania, where he was eventually apprehended by State police.    On September 19 of last year, with a partially amputated foot and a limp, wearing Crocs, a man was able to jump the White House fence. Contrary to initial reports from the Secret Service, this man made it all the way into the green room, armed with a 3-1/2 inch knife that was serrated.    The same month, an armed security contractor was allowed on an elevator with the President, unbeknownst to the Secret Service and in violation of protocol. We still don't know where the breakdown was that enabled this to happen.    Last month, a gunman fired shots near the Vice President's residence in Delaware. Security cameras were unable to capture video of the gunman. To this day, we still don't know who fired those shots. This was very close to active Secret Service agents at the residence.    Just 2 weeks ago, a drone crashed into a tree on the White House lawn, highlighting a security vulnerability that we must shore up immediately. By examining these security breaches, we can find out what went wrong and we can work together to fix it.    Together with Ranking Member Cummings, this committee has and will continue examining issues surrounding leadership, culture, budget, training, technology, and protocol. Congress needs to know why the Secret Service has one of the lowest levels of employee morale in all of Federal Government. We have some of the finest men and women serving in the Secret Service. These are wonderful, caring, patriotic, hardworking, talented people. We love these people. We thank them for their service. But the system, the bureaucracy, the leadership has been failing them, and it has to change. We have to get this right, and we have to get it right now.    The panel made a number of recommendations, but the main priority was clear. The first step to success within the Secret Service is new leadership from outside the agency. I look forward to discussing the panel's good work today and hearing how recommendations were developed. And now I would like to recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for his Statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. And, first, let me say thank you so much for your time and dedication and making the effort and carving out time in your schedules to be here. We do appreciate that.    The Honorable--today, we have the Honorable Mark Filip, the Honorable Danielle Gray, the Honorable Joseph W. Hagin, and the Honorable Thomas Perrelli. We do appreciate you being here. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. So if you please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. And you may be seated.    My understanding is you are going to give one joint Statement as opposed to four individual Statements. I am not sure which--you are going to give--Mr. Perrelli. OK. Thank you. You are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And I again appreciate all four of you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. The report says, ``More resources would help but what we really need is leadership.'' In fact, you went on to say, ``Only a Director from outside, removed from the organizational traditions and personal relationships will be able to do the honest, top-to-bottom reassessment this will require.'' Maybe--I don't know who to address this to. But, yes, Mr. Filip.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. One of the questions that tends to float around here is whether or not we should separate out the investigation side. Did you look at that and what sort of assessment did you give that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ok. One last thing I want to--and I know other members want to ask about this. If you put up the slide, please, on the training. You know, one of the things that we are deeply concerned about, these are the training numbers that we see here. And if you look at from 2008 through 2013, we were doing roughly special agent basic classes, eight per year, eight--eight, eight, eight. Then we go down to five. Then we go down to zero. Then we go to one. Why--why did that happen? How do we prevent that from happening? What is your assessment of that?    Chairman Chaffetz. That is great. Move that microphone. There we go.    Chairman Chaffetz. For the year?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you compare that against large police forces or other----    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, thank you.    Now I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Now I recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlemen yields back.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentlewoman yield? I will tell you that you can receive a classified briefing about that. Mr. Cummings and I participated in a meeting where the details, the timing was laid out. And I would--if any member would like to have that briefing, I would be happy to arrange another one. But that was not something this panel looked at, other than making a general recommendation. But to get a Secret Service briefing on what they are doing, A, was pretty impressive and, B, is certainly in the works.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman. I now recognize the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I do appreciate it.    Will now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. DesJarlais, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Ms. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman. Now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Gray, if you could move your microphone just a little more central, that would be helpful. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield, I am sure our chairman will give them more time. I would also like to enter into the record and ask unanimous consent to enter the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill, this was May 29, 2013. I want to read from this. It says the committee--this is the Appropriation Committee--``is concerned that the President's budget request creates a pay shortfall and results in the reduction of at least 376 FTEs from the Secret Service in Fiscal Year 2014, and fundamentally alters the dual-mission requirements of the Secret Service. At the current rate of attrition,'' to the gentleman's point, ``by Fiscal Year 2018, the Secret Service work force would have been decimated by the loss of more than 1500 FTEs.''    If we could put up the slide here on the funding levels, you will find that Congress actually appropriated more than what the President asked for. It does get to the core of what this panel found which is they don't have a zero-based budgeting approach. They don't necessarily have the talent in place to do it. When you are entering into a DOS Operating System, your time codes, they have no idea what these people are actually working. And the feedback that we both got is that they are terribly frustrated, they don't get adequately compensated, nobody understands what they are really trying to go through. And then they end up with 25 minutes of training time in an entire year. And so we share a responsibility in making sure--that is why I am glad we are providing this oversight.    The panel has illuminated lots of these things. And I hope we do work in a bipartisan basis to provide the adequate funding, to make sure those agents and officers, we understand what they are going through and that we get those staffing levels up, because you combine the lack of staffing, the drop in that, the drop and reduction in training, and you have got a vortex of vulnerability that is totally unacceptable. With that, my time is more than expired. I will recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Your time could certainly be frozen.    Chairman Chaffetz. Our staff has been working together. I do agree with you that I think we should seriously look at separating out the currency, the protection of the currency, the investigation of that. I do think that Secret Service does need an investigative arm. It does go hand in glove with their mission.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. But separating out the currency and giving that responsibility to the Treasury is something we should revisit. And we will continue to work with you and your staff. And we may very well jointly introduce something later.    Chairman Chaffetz. You have got to straighten out that mic and put it right there. There you go. All right.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman. Now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Recognize Mr. Hice from Georgia for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlemen. And I think this is a big area that needs to continue to be looked at. Because the use of force, lethal if necessary, has got to be well understood by every single person. And you can never, ever make a mistake. In this day and age of ISIL and other terrorists, you don't know what is underneath them. I think it is terribly unfair to assume somebody doesn't have anything underneath their clothing. In this day and age, we have to assume that that person might have an improvised explosive device or some sort of chemical agent or whatnot. And we should deal with it appropriately. That brings up a good point.    The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I appreciate the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. Recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sorry. Hit the talk button there, if you could please. Than you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman. I have a couple just procedural questions for you, and then we will wrap up.    And let me first highlight how much we appreciate Homeland Security Secretary Johnson, Mr. Mayorkas, others who made this a priority and made it happen and were smart enough to engage you all in putting this together, because it is a first-rate panel. And we appreciate the depth in which you were able to get information. And the report is so valuable to us. I can't thank you enough for your time.    What types of documents, how many--can you give me a sense of the documents that you were able to review, the size, the quantity, what types of documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. And how were they produced to you? On paper? Electronically?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how long did it take from the time you made a request til you actually got the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if you were to ask for documents, how long would that--how long did that take to get them back to you?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am just looking for a generality. You were--you started your work. Day one was----    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. That is an amazing amount of time. Did the Secret Service ever complain about giving you these documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Any challenges with getting these documents? Any personnel issues that they cited?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. The budget?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, on behalf of this committee, we want to thank you for your good work. You put a lot of time and effort in it. We appreciate you being here today. You made quite a sacrifice, but it is truly valuable. I think the Service is listening to you, and I think Homeland Security is listening to you. Certainly we are. And I hope that we find that, as time goes on, that all of these recommendations are implemented in their fullest. So we thank you again for your participation today.    Sorry. Mr. Cummings?    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, we thank you. We thank your staff. We appreciate the great work that was done. This committee stands adjourned.