    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    My question is for Mr. Palmieri. Mr. Hardy and I recently wrote a letter to Secretary Perez expressing similar concerns to the testimonies today. As you may know, Mr. Hardy and I are from two very different states--me from California, Mr. Hardy from Nevada--and we approach things quite differently in both of those states. Do your members bring up issues on how these proposed rules would affect them on top of the state regulations in different states?    Mr. KNIGHT. Well put. Our job is to kind of get out of our way in California. I think Mr. Hardy's job is to then take our jobs. I asked this because California just passed a minimum wage of $15 an hour, and unfortunately, California sometimes leads, many times in the wrong direction. How do we see this $15 an hour minimum wage? Because it could be moving across the country. I know other states are talking about it and other states are considering this. How will this affect small business? This is for all four panelists. How much will this make the changes? I know that we had a good story about the five Dairy Queens and the change that will happen with the managers and now putting them back to salaried employees. Just the change in flexibility of not being able to allow your employees to have maybe a life instead of the things that the small business is going to have to go through with these huge changes from $8, $9, and $10 an hour, to now $15 an hour.    Mr. KNIGHT. I will use my last couple seconds here. We did a couple roundtables and one of them was with small restaurant owners, and that is the exact issue that they brought up. Look, our cooks do not make $15 an hour. They are making more than that. Now we hire somebody at $15 an hour and somebody is making $18 an hour. Are they going to just say, well, ``that is fine by me; I will just continue to make $18 an hour''? Or are they going to say, ``we would like a bump, too''. It does have that ripple effect throughout the whole business that it is not just the $15 an hour basement, everyone is going to be bumped up. That comes off the bottom line of a small business. It makes it so there are less jobs. Not more jobs, less jobs.    I appreciate the time and I appreciate the panel here today. Thank you, Mr. Chair.