    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the committee.    I think the previous witnesses and you all have done a excellent job of sort of framing the issue. As someone that has worked 20 years with hundreds of communities in Texas, both for the Rural Community Assistance Partnership and the Rural Water Association, and someone who has directed a national program for 10 years, I am here to tell you that the needs of small communities are many, the resources are limited, but I tell you, the dedication and the determination of small communities to provide their citizens with the best possible water is strong and undiminished.    I want to--I am sure everyone knows a little bit about the Rural Community Assistant Partnership. It is in my testimony, and I won't repeat things that are in my testimony. I just wanted to sort of make a few points that have been touched on but maybe I could amplify a little bit.    One is the access to capital. I think there is a real issue in small communities in accessing the financial resources that they need in order to build the infrastructure, extend lines to new customers. I believe Mr. Gomez talked a little bit about access to the municipal bond market. For small communities, this is just not an option at all. We find that there is 53,000-some-odd community water systems in the country. Perhaps 4 percent of them have the ability to access the municipal bond market.    So what they are left with is the two primary Federal financing programs, being the Drinking Water SRF and USDA Rural Developments Water and Environmental Programs, and so, you know, it is really critical that those programs continue to be supported in a robust manner. We work a lot with rural development and their water environment program. They are the primary lender in rural communities. They have some 18,000 plus loans out with small water systems, and as you probably know, there is virtually no default on these loans. We take these matters very seriously in repaying the loans that are made to small communities.    One of the things that RD has going for them is they have field staff in every State. They have the ability to work directly with the communities. The communities know their local folks in the district and State offices, and it is just a more cooperative and easier way to get funding through rural development.    Rural Development also funds both the Rural Water Association and RCAP to do technical assistance and training. A lot of the staff that work for me around the country work through the application processes and all the requirements that are needed in order to get a loan from Rural Development.    EPA State Revolving Funds are also a very important part of the financing scheme for small communities. I think all of you know that as a result of the 1996 amendments to the Safe Drinking Water Act the State revolving program was formed, and it was mainly to deal with compliance issues, and if you look at who is out of compliance or where the most health-based compliance issues are, 96 percent of those are from small communities. So you would think that, you know, most of the money or a big portion of the money would go to the communities, whether they are urban, rural, small or large that have the compliance issues, but as you can look at EPA's own numbers, perhaps 25 percent of the funding actually goes to the small communities in this country.    You know, we would think that a larger amount of money from the SRF program should be dedicated to economically disadvantaged and small rural communities.    EPA does have a--has a program as a result of the 1996 amendments that funds the technical assistance kind of a program that both Rural Water and RCAP have advantage of. It is not funded at the authorized level that was authorized 20 some years ago, and so we would hope that you would consider some additional resources for that particular program.    And I know one of the things you are looking at is what else can be done? You know, what else can we do to work with small communities. There are a lot of other options. One of which both Rural Water and RCAP work on is the sharing of services. How can small communities get together, share an operator, share a manager, share purchasing. How can we look at possibilities that actually--you know, combining systems if they are close. It is very difficult, and one of the problems the funding agencies have is that it easier for them to make a $10 million loan than 10 $1 million loans. So that sort of hurts small communities even more. With reduced staffing levels in both EPA and RD, there is an emphasis more for the larger loans, which I think adversely affects small communities even more.    So I think the regionalization approaches where appropriate are important, but the only way those are going to happen is that if you have people like the circuit riders and the technical assistance providers that work for RCAP that are out working with those communities on a day-in/day-out basis to sort of work through those kind of issues.    One of the other things real quickly because my time is running out is you talk about tools. I would like to give credit to EPA for developing the variety of tools and for working with Rural Development on tools. Assess management tools, tools to look at sustainability for communities. Again, tools are important to be developed for use by small communities, but it takes someone in the field like a Rural Water or an RCAP person to actually bring those tools out to these communities, and if it--I would also--if maybe this could be handled in the questions, I know you are interested in WIFIA and some of the other alternative financing programs. I would be glad to talk about that also.    My time is up, though, so I really appreciate the opportunity to be here with you today.    Mr. Stewart. Yes. What I would say, when you look at the numbers, EPA has a difference in between the number of loans they are making and the amount of the loans they are making, you know, and so the amount of the loans is not sort of the same as the number, and there is not as much actual money that is going into there.    Now, the whole purpose of the SRF was to give the States the latitude to run it how they see fit, and I think most of the members of this committee would sort of agree with that because the conditions are different from State to State, but I would think there is some minimum requirements if we are looking at the high noncompliance rates of utilities, the problems with affordability, the problems with small customer bases that, you know, just some great emphasis needs to be paid to providing more funding for these disadvantaged and smaller communities.    And, you know, some States, they are really good. My home State of Texas has a lot of money now that they are putting into water problems as a result of droughts. California has done the same thing. So each State runs a different--a lot of States put extra money in. Some States don't, you know, but I think it is good, and I think GAO has done a terrific job of looking at some of these issues, and I would encourage them to continue to do so.    Mr. Stewart. Yes, sir. The one point I would like to make, technical assistance is important also because we need to ensure the investment that the Federal Government is making through EPA and Rural Development, and that technical assistance allows people to go out and work with these communities and make sure that those loans are going to be repaid, and also to implement like asset management programs so that the infrastructure and the materials that the utility has is going to be maintained in top operating condition and so we don't have to go back repeatedly necessarily to replace things that could have been maintained to start with.    Mr. Stewart. I will be glad to start off. Yes. I think----    Mr. Stewart. Yes, sir. Exactly. It is one of the most important funding mechanisms within this country to fund water systems.    Mr. Stewart. Well, my opinion is, this is an investment. This is to capitalize the revolving funds that the States have. So this is not money that is just going away in grants. This is to capitalize money that can be revolved again and again for use of communities large and small.    Mr. Stewart. I would say for the most part it is pretty strong, but I think there are certain disadvantaged communities like you are talking about that I really think need some additional resources, and there is some hard-hit drought areas in north central Texas of my area of central Texas that I think just need some support, and fortunately we have--and Texas has benefitted because we have river authorities, we have a progressive water development board. We have people that are looking at this issue from a lot of different angles.    Mr. Stewart. That is something the GAO might be better to answer, but I know it has been severe economic impact. Because if you don't have the water sources, you are not going to be able to support the businesses, the growth that is occurring all over Texas. Water is just the foundation of all the economy in this country.    Mr. Stewart. I guess, sir, I might note that some States--EPA regulates water quality. They don't regulate capacity requirements, and some States require that you have a certain well production, a surface water treatment plant, storage and pumping capacities. In a lot of cases, those adversely affect small communities because they are not really. You know, they are not engineerily--they are not on an engineering basis justified on the basis of how much water is being used.    Mr. Stewart. Exactly. The capacity requirements, whether--again, pumping or storage, you know, elevated ground storage tanks, sometimes those capacity requirements are a little bit higher than I think would--to what is needed to protect public health.    Mr. Stewart. Well, I would just say it depends on the requirement. You know, if you are having to treat for arsenic, then you are probably talking a doubling or tripling of the water bill for a small community.    So it just depends on what kind of treatment that--what kind of constituent that EPA is requiring the small community to treat for.    Mr. Stewart. Both RCAP and Rural Water have a variety of tools that we bring to bear with small communities. So they are readily available, I think, and EPA and RD are working on different tools. I think I have touched on them in my testimony. I think it is the access to those tools that--that is needed. We need the technical assistance to bring those tools, you know, whether it is an asset management program, whether it is a financial management program, whether it is an O&M manuals. Whatever those tools might be, the real expense is not just creating the tools, it is bringing it out to the small communities that can't access them unless you have a technical assistance provider out there working with them.    Mr. Stewart. Well, sir, you are preaching to the choir here. I mean, I think all of us would agree that a significantly greater percentage of the SRF money should go to small communities, and they should be able to access it easier.    One think I would like to say real quickly is you can't even have a chance of getting the SRF money unless you get on the Intended Use Plan, and for a small community, how do you get on the Intended Use Plan? I mean, you know, the--all of us can tell you that is difficult to do.    I mean, do you have the technical assistance? Do you have an engineer you are working with? Somebody that is going to submit the paperwork so you even have a chance to get on the money? And that is a problem. That is one thing I said in my testimony. We need some assistance just so these small communities could get on the Intended Use Plan, which is what they do to prioritize money into the SRF.