    Mr. Shimkus. The committee will come to order, and the Chair recognizes himself for an opening statement.    Today, we are reviewing Senate Bill 611, the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act. This bill, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on June 9th of this year, is the Senate companion to H.R. 2853, introduced by our ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, and the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Harper.    I congratulate and thank them for their bipartisan work to raise the profile of this issue before the subcommittee and encouraging our work on it.    According to the Census Bureau, approximately 27 percent of the U.S. population lives in rural areas. The smallest water systems account for 77 percent of all systems.    As someone who proudly represents communities in small town and rural America, I am glad we have bipartisan interest in tackling this subject.    Under the Safe Drinking Water Act, small and rural drinking water supply systems are subject to a number of drinking water regulations issued by EPA. These requirements include system monitoring, treatment to remove certain contaminants and reporting.    Addressing these matters requires technical, managerial, and physical capabilities that are difficult to develop and are often beyond the capacity of these towns to afford on the same scale as urban centers, particularly when it comes to regulatory compliance.    It is ironic that these communities, where residents work hard to support their families and their local governments while often earning wages below those of their counterparts in the more urbanized areas, face per customer compliance costs and demands that are disproportionate to many larger communities.    Sometimes, it is just a matter of having the ability to keep up with the red tape. Rather than throwing more scarce money at the problem, we learned in February that these communities need help to smartly assess what their needs are for these systems and prioritize the importance of those needs.    The bill before us amends Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize the EPA's program providing technical assistance to small public water systems.    Senate Bill 611 maintains the existing statutory authority of $15 million annually, including 3 percent for technical assistance to public water systems owned or operated by Indian tribes, but changes the law to cover funding from fiscal year 2015 through fiscal year 2020.    The bill also authorizes EPA to provide technical assistance programs to small public water systems through grants or cooperative agreements made to nonprofit organizations.    The bill requires preference in awarding grants to nonprofits that are most qualified and experienced and that small water systems find most beneficial and effective--a feature we heard about during our February hearing.    Finally, while Senate Bill 611 prevents grants and cooperative agreements from being used to bring a citizen suit under the Safe Drinking Water Act, it expands the types of activities eligible to receive a grant or cooperative agreement under this Safe Drinking Water Act to include assistance with source water protection plans, monitoring plans and water security.    I want to thank our witnesses who joined us. Having this hearing today is all the more important because, while the House Appropriations Committee has not provided small water technical assistance funding for fiscal year 2016, that committee has left open the option that it would reevaluate funding for this matter as part of a later annual spending bill if Congress enacts a fresh authorization.    People who live in rural communities deserve every bit of water quality and technical resources that folks who live in densely populated urban centers do.    We look forward to your wisdom in helping us understand these issues. Thanks again to Mr. Tonko and Mr. Harper for their work on this issue.    Mr. Shimkus. I yield the balance of my time, and I now yield to Mr. Tonko for the purpose of making an opening statement.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the vice chair of the committee and the coauthor, along with the ranking member, of the House version of this legislation, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    So, again, welcome. Your full statement is submitted for the record. You will have 5 minutes. We are not going to be, you know, harsh on the time but we appreciate you coming in and making the effort to be here.    So, first of all, I would like to recognize Mr. Kirby Mayfield, executive director of the Mississippi Rural Water Association. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Mayfield.    And now I will turn to Robert Stewart, executive director of Rural Community Assistance Partnership Incorporated, and I think you were here a couple months ago. It is great to have you back, and welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Stewart.    Before we get to questions for our witnesses, I would ask unanimous consent that all members of the subcommittee have 5 legislative days to submit an opening statement on this hearing into the record.    Also a written statement from the U.S. EPA on the subject of today's hearing will be included in the record and a written statement from the American Water Works Association on the subject of this hearing be included in the record if it is submitted to the committee by the end of the week.    Without objection, so ordered.    And will recognize myself 5 minutes to start the questioning and this is for both of you and then we will go to Mr. Mayfield and Mr. Stewart.    What is the role of technical assistance through the Safe Drinking Water Act in helping you comply with the law and avoid adverse public health impacts?    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Stewart.    Mr. Shimkus. Great. Thank you.    How is the--how is the uncertainty, which we are living in right now, over funding or use of technical assistance provided under the Safe Drinking Water Act Section 1442(e) affected your organization?    Mr. Mayfield.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Stewart, do you want to add to that?    Mr. Shimkus. Well, no. Just to the organizations like Mr. Mayfield. What is the observation of the effect on them?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    And my last question for you, Mr. Stewart, do you hope that Senate Bill 611 will streamline the way EPA currently implements Section 1442(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act?    Mr. Shimkus. So I think you are saying you would like for this to help streamline the process?    Mr. Shimkus. OK.    Mr. Shimkus. Great. Thank you very much.    I yield back my time and now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chair now recognizes the vice chair of the committee, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back the time.    The Chair now recognizes ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    We are waiting for Mr. McNerney to rapidly get here. So what I would like to just mention without objection is just talk about our push in southern Illinois to really encourage a lot of systems to move into a regional system--rural water, USDA rural water.    It has been very successful because what I have observed is older systems, new regulations, small community, small rate based--as all the things that have been mentioned here, there is no ability to borrow the money, pay the rates.    And so only through encouraging over time, you know, respectfully that most of my--most of my areas we are starting to close gaps in systems so that--and then the important thing is to make sure that we have clean potable water for our--my constituents and stuff and that has been--it has been a very, very successful program that we have worked on. It is very gratifying. It has been one of the things that I have been most proud of.    This kind of untold story is when you can get safe drinking water to people who really haven't had or who have had to haul it for a time. So I am filibustering.     Anyone want to add to that issue? We have kind of talked about it. Mr. Stewart.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    And I think the Chair is going to recognize my colleague and friend, obviously, since I waited for him, the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Maybe I shouldn't have waited but--no, I am glad I did.    So with that, seeing no other member wishing to ask questions we want to thank you all for traveling and spending time with us. We look forward to kind of moving promptly to try to get this through our system, get it to the floor so hopefully we can meet the time schedules that we all know that we need to meet.    So with that, I will call the hearing adjourned.