    Mr. RANDOLPH. I want to sincerely thank the chairwoman, the chairman, and all the Members of the Subcommittees for inviting me to be here today and allowing me to speak.    You have before you a very challenging issue. This is difficult and complex, and I am pleased that you have the courage to undertake it. It is solvable. Let me say it is solvable, and you can succeed, and I think you will succeed, and this Nation will be better because of your efforts.    My name is Eric Randolph, and I am a senior fellow with the Illinois Policy Institute, and I also provide analytical services as an independent consultant. Last year, the institute sponsored me to develop a computational model examining welfare benefits, Federal, State, local, and to determine the impact of economic incentives relative to employment. The results of the study are nothing short of astounding. In some cases, it literally does not pay to climb up that career or opportunity ladder.    Now, just imagine that you are a single parent with two children living in Lake County. It is a suburb of Chicago. You have a job earning $12 an hour. Someone offers you a job for $18 an hour. Should you take the job? Well, under the scenario that we studied, the answer is no, keep your $12 per hour job.    At first glance, this makes no sense. Of course someone would prefer to make $18 as opposed to $12. But as a single parent managing a household with children you want to maximize all your resources. You have children to take care of, yourself to take care of, and it doesn't matter if those resources are earned through work or if it is given to you through benefits.    A single parent in Lake County earning $12 an hour brings home just over $22,000 a year. However, that same single parent is eligible for an array of welfare benefits that we can categorize, the refundable tax credits, the food assistance, housing assistance, subsidized childcare services, and medical assistance. When you add up the value of all the benefits that they can receive from these programs, it comes to an astounding $40,000. Now, that makes the total receivables, when we include the earned income, almost $62,000.    Now, in comparison, suppose this mother would take the job earning $18 an hour, okay? She would lose almost $34,000 in the benefits to gain only $11,000. Now, why would anyone take a job to gain $11,000 but lose $34,000 in benefits?    This is the welfare cliff that we are talking about, and this is what traps people. This is just but one scenario we studied using the computational model. We studied two other counties in Illinois, and we studied two-parent households, and guess what, it is essentially the same.    So the system that we--well, let me just say, we drew a number of conclusions looking at this. The very first one is the magnitude of the potential benefits of the family that they receive is large. It is a general conclusion. $40,000 is not a small sum of money. The second is that the welfare cliff can be significant, and it is cruel. The third is economic disincentives are real, major, and they can indeed trap families. The fourth is the system is inequitable, and that is, to compare someone who is not receiving these benefits, could be worse off financially than someone receiving these benefits. That is not equitable. Fifth, programs with the steepest cutoffs are the greatest culprits.    Finally, everyone should agree that there ought to be an income ladder such that when someone earns more money, he or she is in fact better off. However, this is not the system we have as a Nation today. It will take the cooperation of many individuals and political courage.    In my opinion, we will not be successful by giving more control to the Federal Government. We can only succeed if we take advantage of the laboratories of democracy, allowing States to innovate and finding the best solutions.    Mr. RANDOLPH. May I interject, Mr. Chairman, and answer that same question?    Mr. RANDOLPH. When we modelled the welfare cliff in Illinois, actually increasing the minimum wage would not help the family that we looked at. Because if you actually take a look at the charts that are provided in the data, that if a person moves from the minimum wage up to $12 per hour, that it is relatively flat. There is not much advantage at all. If you raise it beyond that, you push them off the cliff so that they are actually harmed.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Yes, thank you.    I think you are right. If we really want to solve the problem and really help people, you want to involve these nonprofit organizations. A number of them are faith-based, and they can be extremely helpful. There are a number of them around the country, that they call pathways, I think what, pathways out of poverty. And they actually provide coaching and a number of things to help individuals come out.    Did I understand your question correctly? Did I answer the question?    Mr. RANDOLPH. Okay.    Mr. RANDOLPH. You are correct again. I mean, just think of it from the point of view of that single parent. I mean, they have children to take care of, and their decision is going to be in the best interest of their family and their children. So if we put them in a position where they have to turn down a higher paying job, then that is wrong. And it happened. I mean, it happened in Maryland, but it happens in other places. It happens in Illinois; it happens in Pennsylvania. I actually helped managed a focus group in Pennsylvania that looked at some of these issues, and we heard a number of different stories that said basically the same thing.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Thank you. I mean, we have got to keep in mind that what is important is that we are talking about these single moms, we are talking about the families that want to help their lives. So we shouldn't--we shouldn't get jealous of jurisdiction or Federal control over the States. So I think the important thing is to rise above that and then realize that if we are going to really solve the problem, we have to allow flexibility at the State level for them to address.    And just this past Monday, I was at--did you want to say something?    Mr. RANDOLPH. Just this past Monday I was at a group where there were 20 different secretaries for human services across this country, and they all were telling me the same thing, and that is that if they were given more flexibility, there is more things that they can do to manage these programs better.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Right. What I would like to see is I would like to see that, like, for example, in the SNAP program, that there is flexibility that the funds could be fungible with other welfare programs so that when you are at a State level, you look at the person, and you say, okay. You have these various needs. Right now we can't move any of the SNAP money over to child care. We can't move the child care money over here. If you would blend the programs together, similar to the document put together for the opportunities grants, that would be a great way to allow States to have flexibility to better serve the needs of the individuals and the families.    Mr. RANDOLPH. I think it is common. This is something that people face. I mean, we have a panelist here who has a similar situation that she encountered. You know, we see it--you know, we study three counties in Illinois, and it was true for all three of those counties. So my answer would be, I believe it is common. It is a real issue, and I am very happy that you are holding this hearing to try to solve it.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Certainly. Now, that chart that you are referring to was an earlier version of the same computational model. The one in Illinois is actually more sophisticated, and that was when I worked at Pennsylvania's Department of, Public Welfare when that was developed. And what was discovered with that model was that it is the same cliff effect. It is essentially, the same thing that it turned out in Illinois, that someone can earn up to a certain point, that they earn some sort of salary, but once they would earn more or have the potential to earn more, they lose benefits. So it is the same track. It is the same cliff effect. It is in Pennsylvania, and it is in Illinois.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Well, yes. I mean, we have a safety net for situations. And certainly, during times of recession, economic recessions, more people are going to need it. Much of what my model was looking at, however, is the ladder that people have to climb, the opportunity ladder or the career ladder, if you will. And what has happened is, there are a whole bunch of rungs kicked out. So they climb up maybe a third way up the ladder, and now they can't reach the next step.    And that is what we are--that is my understanding we are trying to solve. That is what the modeling that we have done has shown. It has shown that the way the current system is designed--and it is a hodgepodge, if you will. It has been designed, you know, haphazardly. You know, no one person is at fault. You know, you have a bunch of programs, and you kind of layer one on top of the other, and the aggregate effect is that you have got rungs kicked out of the ladder and people get stuck on the third way up.    Mr. RANDOLPH. Can I interject on that? This is an issue that we have studied. We have studied the child care issue specifically in Illinois, and I have also worked with the program in Pennsylvania and a couple of other States. It is true that in Illinois, you do not have a waiting list for child care. However, there are a number of steps that they can take administratively to reduce the cost. The child care program in Illinois is costing approximately $1.2 billion with a State budget general fund of only $34 billion. So it is a significant program, but there is certainly steps they can take administratively to bring the costs down. You do not need to increase Federal dollars to give to the State to solve the problem. A lot of the problem can be solved simply by the States better managing it.    Mr. RANDOLPH. I can. You are correct that we still have an issue of poverty in this Nation, absolutely. However, I just want to say that if we attempt to solve the problem one piece at a time, we are not going to get the answer. And let me just go to what we talk about, training. I sat in a focus group. I was not the participant. I was helping managing the focus group, where we have had people who received training, but they ran into that ladder, where the rungs are kicked out and they had to give up a better job that offered more because they would lose benefits.    So if we continue to look at this piece, just the SNAP alone or another program over here, and hope that that is somehow going to solve the problem, we will never get at the answer. You have to approach it systemically. You have to look at all the programs together and how do you combine the programs.