    Mr. Roth. You are close, yes.    Mr. Roth. Good afternoon, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, and Members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me here to testify today.    Throughout this year I have testified before this subcommittee and others regarding TSA's ability to execute its important mission. I highlighted the challenges that TSA faced. I testified that these challenges were in almost every area of TSA's operations. Its problematic implementation of risk assessment rules, including its management of TSA PreCheck, failures in passenger and baggage screen operations, TSA's control over access to secure areas including management of its access badge program, its management of the Workforce Integrity program, its oversight over acquisition and maintenance of screening equipment, and other issues that we have discovered in the course of over 115 audits and inspection reports.    These issues were exacerbated, in my judgment, by a culture that developed over time which resisted oversight and was unwilling to accept the need for change in the face of an evolving and serious threat. We have been writing reports highlighting some of these problems for years without an acknowledgment by TSA of the need to correct its deficiencies. However, we may be in a very different place now than we were then. I am hopeful that Administrator Neffenger brings with him a new attitude about oversight. Ensuring transportation safety is a massive and complex problem and there is no single silver bullet to solve it. It will take a sustained and disciplined effort.    The first step, however, in fixing this problem is having the courage to critically assess the deficiencies in an honest and objective light, creating a culture of change within TSA, and giving the TSA workforce the ability to identify and address risks will be the administrator's most critical and challenging task. I believe that the Department and TSA leadership has begun that process of critical self-evaluation and aided by the workforce at TSA are in a position to address some of these issues. As you noted, we have just completed and distributed a report on our most recent round of covert testing of TSA's checkpoint operations. The results, while Classified, were disappointing.    Our testing was designed to check test point operations in real-world conditions. The failures included failures in technology, failures in TSA procedures, and human error. We found layers of security simply missing. But these results were not unexpected. We had conducted other covert testing in the past with similar results.    TSA has put forward a plan consistent with our recommendation to improve checkpoint quality in three areas: Technology, personnel, and procedures. This plan is appropriate because the checkpoint must be considered as a single system. The most effective technology is useless without the right personnel, and the personnel need to be guided by the appropriate procedures. Unless all three elements are operating efficiently, the checkpoint will not be effective.    We will be monitoring TSA's efforts to increase the effectiveness of checkpoint operations and will continue to conduct covert testing. Consistent with our obligations under the Inspector General Act, we will report our results to this committee, as well as other committees of jurisdiction.    While this audit focused on the checkpoint, effective checkpoint operations in and of themselves are not enough. We must also look at other areas to determine vulnerabilities. We have done considerable work on TSA's assessment of passenger risk, and have registered our concern about TSA's use of Managed Inclusion and risk rules that were not based on an individual assessment of passenger risk. I am pleased to report that TSA has phased out its use of Managed Inclusion. However, we still have outstanding recommendations regarding the risk assessment rules that TSA continues to use. I urge the administrator to consider whether or not those risk rules are effective and ensure the safety of the transportation public.    TSA also has the responsibility to oversee and regulate airport security provided by airport authorities. For example, in the case of airport worker vetting, TSA relies on airports to submit a complete and accurate aviation worker application data for vetting. In a recent audit we found that TSA does not ensure that airports have a robust verification process for criminal history, and authorization to work in the United States, or sufficiently track the results of their review. TSA also did not have an adequate monitoring process in place to ensure that airport operators properly adjudicated applicants' criminal histories.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared statement. I welcome any questions that you or other Members of the committee may have.    Mr. Roth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and let me preface my remarks by, this is a look back over a number of different audit reports that span the course of years. One of the conclusions or themes that I can draw from this is that there is a mismatch between the risk and meeting the risk. That sort of working theory that we have is either TSA doesn't understand the nature of the risk, or they do understand the nature of the risk, and then worse from that is that they don't address the risk in any appropriate way.    Again, I am going to be speaking in the past tense about this because I do think, or at least I am hopeful, consistent with my auditor's vow of critical thinking and skepticism, but I am hopeful that we are in a new era. But I will talk about three episodes that to me sort-of illustrate one of the big issues we have in sort-of either not understanding the risk, or simply dismissing the risk.    The first is, of course, our covert testing. The recent round of covert testing was not a surprise to us and it was not a surprise to TSA. We had been doing covert testing over the years with consistently disappointing results. You know, as we like to say, the best test of a football team is how they do on Sunday. To us, a covert testing is the Sunday game. Real-world conditions, figure out exactly how well the system works, and it did not work very well.    What we found after the covert testing was even a little bit more upsetting, which was, TSA does their own covert testing and those results were very similar to our results. So none of this came as a surprise to TSA. One of the things that we discovered after this round of testing and the, I would say, the very vigorous response that the Department gave with regard to our briefing on the covert testing, was that no one in DHS had known sort-of this issue; that the issue had remained within TSA. TSA had not sort-of elevated the issue. It came as a surprise to the Secretary, to the Deputy Secretary, to the leadership within the Department.    When you look at TSA's fiscal 2016 budget, 2016 budget what it shows is that they are actually going to reduce the number of screeners. Their proposal was to reduce the number of screeners by about 1,700 people. Now, this is a budget that was developed over time and certainly not under this current administrator's watch, and I understand that it is going to be reversed, but I think it shows sort of a cultural attitude that they knew that they had a risk.    Their response to that risk was reducing the number of screeners. Their justification for it, and I am just reading from their budget document that was submitted to the Hill, was that TSA employs a multi-layered, risk-based, intelligence-driven approach to its security and counterterrorism mission, and as a result of these, they are focusing efforts on efficiency and can save money as a result of this. Which is in direct contradiction to the evidence that they had at the time as to the efficiency of checkpoint operations.    So they either dismissed the risk, or understood the risk, but, yet, didn't meet the risk. So that would be the first episode, and if I could have, there is a couple of others, which I am happy to continue, or----    Mr. Roth. Okay. The second one is our audit on PreCheck. You know, we had real concerns about Managed Inclusion and PreCheck. As you know, you had a hearing on this. I had a conversation with the previous administrator about our audit report where we had deep concerns that people that didn't have an individualized assessment of risk were getting expedited screening. His answer was, well, look, it is my job to accept the risk, and I am accepting this risk, which is fine, except my family flies. So, you know, I am not sure that is an adequate answer. That all of these people went through Secure Flight.    So the idea is, of course, that they have been vetted against certain intelligence databases to determine whether they are a risk. I mean the problem with that is any student of modern terrorism history understands that 17 of the 19 9/11 hijackers were unknown to the intelligence community, and they wouldn't be on any sort of special list.    Richard Reid, the shoe bomber was not on any special list. The Christmas day bomber in 2009 was not on any list. The most significant terrorist attack we had in recent memory, the Marathon bomber, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, wasn't on any list. In fact, he was looked at by the FBI and adjudged not to be a threat and then not on any sort of active list.    So this idea that, oh, well, it is an intelligence-based, and that is the silver bullet, and that is what is going to help us here, is just a wrong-headed assessment of risk. As I said, again, this was not on this administrator's watch, but it was very deeply upsetting to me during the course of our audits to see this kind of a reaction.    Mr. Roth. Okay, it is a difficult problem, because it is a problem that has grown up over time. One of the ways that you change the culture is, I think, what the administrator is currently doing, which is an honest look at what it is that is going on and sort of honestly confront your problems and put a plan of action in place.    Historically, it has not been that. It has been both for us and GAO sort-of a reaction, and a very disturbing reaction, for example, in our covert testing I think for 2012, we had our results and TSA pushed back considerably on our methodology, and on a number of other things. But lo and behold, they had their own internal testing that was almost the same. So what kind of an agency is sort of pushing back in public, and yet, understands that the audit is correct?    As I said, I think this is changing, and there is an honest assessment of what is going on. My understanding is that the administrator is going to put forth a realistic strategic plan that isn't, you know, everything is wonderful and we are doing fine, and pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, but rather this is a problem. The risks of catastrophic terrorism are real, and we absolutely need to get it right.    So it is a long process. There isn't a single magic bullet, but certainly, good leadership helps and that is what we are hopeful for.    Miss Rice. So being 1 of 10 kids, I have to be optimistic, right, and I am choosing to be optimistic about the ability to change the culture at TSA because it has only been around for a short period of time, right? I am on the Veterans Affairs' Committee and I can tell you that that agency does the same exact thing. Every time there is an IG report that says here is a problem, here is a problem, they push back and say no, no, no, there is no problem. Nothing needs to be changed. The stakes are equally high for both our veterans, right, and National security, domestic, and international that TSA is dealing with.    So I am glad to hear you, Mr. Roth, speak so bluntly because that is what we need. That is what your job is, but I am also happy to hear that you are optimistic about Admiral Neffenger, because I am very optimistic about the new administrator for a whole host of reasons.    So one issue that I do want to address because you mentioned this, because I do believe, Mr. Roth, that in order to do an adequate assessment of your risk, right, intelligence has to be part of that. One of the things that I was so distressed to hear about, is how the TSA is responsible for doing the checks on airport employees, and yet, they are given incredibly poor information to do these background checks, which affects the ability to really adequately assess the risk of this employee, which as the Chairman pointed out, when you have gunrunners and drug runners, some of whom are employed by the agency, that is problematic.    So my question is to you, Admiral Neffenger, regarding that--it seemed to me that that was a fix that didn't have to be a legislative fix. You, as the administrator, could say, from now on, if you want a background check to be done, which you have to have done, these are the things--these are the pieces of information that we need to get, or you don't get the background check and you can't hire the person.    So just that one area, if you could just address that one issue?