    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today.    Federal agents are held to the highest standards of conduct, both on duty and off duty. As a former Federal prosecutor and as Inspector General, I know that the overwhelming majority of Department agents meet those high standards and perform their work with great integrity and honor, thereby keeping our communities safe and our country safe.    Nevertheless, we find instances where Department agents engage in serious misconduct, and even criminal violations, affecting the agency's reputation, potentially compromising prosecutions, and possibly affecting agency operations.    Furthermore, misconduct that involves sexual harassment affects employee morale and creates a hostile work environment.    Following the incidents during the President's trip to Colombia, the OIG conducted two reviews, one relating to Department policies and training involving off-duty misconduct by employees working in foreign countries, and one relating to the handling of allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct by Department law enforcement components.    Our off-duty conduct report found a lack of Department-wide policies or other training requirements pertaining to off-duty conduct, whether in the U.S. or other countries. This was particularly concerning given recommendations we made in 1996 that the Department provide additional training regarding off-duty conduct and examine the standards of conduct that apply to off-duty behavior. Despite our earlier recommendations, little had changed in the intervening two decades.    We did find the FBI made changes, including providing comprehensive training for its employees. However, the other three Department law enforcement components convey little or no information about off-duty conduct before sending their employees abroad. Having one of only four law enforcement components effectively prepare employees for these assignments demonstrates the need for Department-wide training and policies.    In March 2015, we issued our report on the nature of reporting, investigation, and adjudication of allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct in the Department's four law enforcement components. The report identified significant and systemic issues that require prompt corrective action. These include a lack of coordination between internal affairs offices and security personnel, failure to report misconduct allegations to component headquarters, failure to investigate allegations fully, weaknesses in the adjudication process, and weaknesses in detecting and preserving sexually explicit text messages and images. Together, these reviews demonstrate the need to improve disciplinary and security processes, as well as to clearly communicate Department expectations for employee conduct.    Strong and unequivocal action from leadership at all levels is critical to ensure employees meet the highest standards of conduct and are held fully accountable for any misconduct.    As we also described in our March report, the failure by the DEA and FBI to provide prompt information to us in response to our requests significantly impacted our review. Both agencies raised baseless objections and only relented when I elevated the issues to agency leadership. Even then, the information was incomplete.    In order to conduct effective oversight, an OIG must have timely and complete access to documents and materials. This review starkly demonstrates the danger in allowing those being reviewed to decide on their own what documents they will share with the OIG. These actions impeded our work, significantly delayed the discovery of the issues that we ultimately were able to identify, wasted Department and OIG resources, and affected our confidence in the completeness of our review.    Unfortunately, this was not an isolated incident, and we continue to face repeated instances in which our timely access to records is impeded. Congress recognized the significance of this issue in passing Section 218 in the recent Appropriations Act. Nevertheless, the FBI continues to proceed exactly as it did before Section 218 was enacted.    We were told an opinion from the Department's Office of Legal Counsel would resolve this issue. Yet 1 year later, after the Department Deputy Attorney General requested that opinion, we still don't have the opinion and we have no timeline for its completion. The Department has said the opinion is a priority, yet the length of time that has passed would suggest otherwise.    The American public deserves and expects an OIG that is able to conduct rigorous oversight of the Department's and FBI's activities. Unfortunately, our ability to do so is being undercut every day that goes by without a resolution of the dispute.    Thank you for your continued strong bipartisan support for our work, and I would welcome any questions.    Mr. Horowitz. Congresswoman, there is a process, and the disciplinary process that goes forward under Title 5 would require a charging decision, and one of the concerns we highlighted, as you noted, was the charges being filed. The charges being filed were not the charges that the table that the DEA provides for these kind of offenses. Had certain charges been brought, a minimum 14-day penalty would have been required, up to possible removal. In the sexual harassment case that we cited in our report, if sexual harassment had been charged and found, removal would have been the only penalty.    So one of our concerns was, like in many decisions you make with discretion, what decisions were being made at DEA about what to charge, and the most serious penalties, the most appropriate charges it didn't seem to us were being filed.    Mr. Horowitz. As we noted in our report, we had serious concerns in this review as to how we were given materials. On the investigative side, we have had a strong relationship. We have had difficulties up until recently with regard to audits and reviews like this one. That has improved recently, and I will say that the problems currently are primarily with the     Mr. Horowitz. That is correct. In fact, Section 218 I think has had an impact in a positive way with regard to the compliance by DEA.    Mr. Horowitz. I have to say, I think the law is clear that we should be getting the materials. I think the appropriators, frankly, will have to look and Congress will have to consider what it means for an organization to not follow a crystal clear provision that Congress has put in place.    Mr. Horowitz. I think it is up to the Congress to decide how to treat such a----    Mr. Horowitz. There has been no change at all since December when Congress passed that provision.    Mr. Horowitz. Congressman, you raise some very significant issues and something we have had concerns about and have been discussing internally, and we have done some reviews in these areas and are considering, frankly, in light of some of the reports and news you cited, whether we need to look in other areas as well.    Mr. Horowitz. We have not conducted a review of that. We have noticed, again, the stories and the issues you have identified, and again it is something we have discussed. I would be happy to come and speak further with you and your staff about it as we consider those issues as well.    Mr. Horowitz. I can get that quickly, but I don't know the answer.    Mr. Horowitz. Unfortunately, I think it is pretty clear from what we have reported here that there does need to be training and a greater understanding of what is allowed and what off-duty is not allowed.    Mr. Horowitz. I completely agree with you, Congressman. But I think what is evident here about the culture, certainly that existed at the time of these events, was how they ultimately came to be reported, which we describe in our report. So we have three incidents in there that we describe related to the prostitution issues. One is in the 2001-2004 time period. OPR learns of that not from a DEA employee supervisor reporting but when they arrest Colombian national police for corruption. That is how it gets reported.    The second one is from 2005 to 2008. That gets reported in June 2010 in an anonymous letter.    The third one gets reported by the State Department, not by DEA, and I think that is indicative of the culture and the problem and a reform that has to happen. Those reports need to go not 5 years later or 10 years later from somebody else but immediately.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, first of all, there has to be clarity on what is allowed and what is clearly not allowed. That was missing. Whether it should have been obvious or not, it wasn't to certain folks. That has to happen. There has to be real and rigorous training. The State Department, as we indicate in our report, the State Department has rigorous training, the Defense Department has rigorous training, and the FBI has put in place some comprehensive training. There is no reason that the other law enforcement components shouldn't be doing the same thing.    Mr. Horowitz. I think there are a couple of things that should happen. First and foremost, there needs to be a clear, unequivocal understanding of the responsibilities of every supervisor that they need to report this kind of misconduct to headquarters, to OPR immediately.    Number two, there has to be consequences for not doing that. Much of the discussion is about the actions of the actors here. But the failures of the supervisors are equally serious. They didn't have to engage in the prostitution, but they knew what was going on and didn't take action, and that allowed this to continue.    Mr. Horowitz. It clearly should have been done. We issued a report in 1996 after the good old boy roundup allegations that occurred back then about much similar issues and allegations, but in the United States. Twenty years later, 19 years later, nothing has changed. It should have happened. I think these kind of hearings and discussions will cause it to happen now.    Mr. Horowitz. That is a great question, Congressman, because as we indicate here, we found a relatively low number of instances, but then you have to step back and ask what don't we know, right? If in the three instances I described it took someone else to report what was going on, I don't think any of us can say with any certainty we know what the scope of the issues were because folks at DEA were not reporting these events. The corrupt Colombian police officers were, the State Department did, and an anonymous letter did. And that has got to change.    Mr. Horowitz. I am.    Mr. Horowitz. I have read a summary of the OPR report. I actually have not read the full report.    Mr. Horowitz. Congressman, on that matter, we had some involvement later on in the process, and I am happy to talk further with you. I have to go back and refresh myself and also understand what I am able to say and might need to say in private to you about the work we did and what we have learned or not learned. But one of the concerns we had, and I know we talked about this a year or two ago when this occurred, was we only came to know about this nearer to the end of the process than to the beginning because the Department referred the matter to the Office of Professional Responsibility, not to the     Primarily there is the issue out there about our jurisdiction, and the Inspector General limits our ability to look at certain matters. In this area, frankly, we thought we could have done that work, and ending that limitation on our jurisdiction needs to occur so that if we are going to be involved in something, we are involved at the earliest parts of it when the information is fresh and people, for example, are still working in that office who are available to us, because we don't have the ability to question people who have left the office as we would when they were still in the office.    So I would be interested in talking with you further about that and how we can move forward and speak to you about those issues.