    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Folks, thanks for being here. President Roosevelt created the Export-Import Bank in 1934 to promote U.S. sales overseas by providing loans to foreign entities looking to purchase American goods. Sounds like a good deal. However, when the government subsidizes an export for one company, other companies in the same sector might not get the same benefit and oftentimes hurts their sales and job creation.    The EXIM Bank may help a few American businesses, but at times it is definitely at the expense and hurting of others and we have heard from them. Some people categorize this as corporate welfare programs and pick winners and losers and have no rightful place in U.S. trade policy agenda. Although I think that unilateral disarmament as has already been stated is concerning, I think we should also be focusing on reducing the burden of domestic regulations and taxes which will spur productivity and employment while reducing the role and the necessary role of the Federal Government in the U.S. economy and understanding that 98 percent of sales abroad are done without the EXIM and I yield back.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Hochberg, in your prepared testimony you stated that ``EXIM fills gaps when the private sector is unable or unwilling to provide financing for U.S. exports,'' a particularly important role for small business of which there are several in the district I represent.    What would you say your proportion of EXIM financing goes to small business?    Mr. Perry. Let me ask you this. How does EXIM define small business?    Mr. Perry. Which is?    Mr. Perry. I will go with you on the 500 employees, but it is my understanding that EXIM defines small business as having fewer than 1500 employees which skews the ratios. What can you elucidate about that?    Mr. Perry. I will hold you to that in the future. Mr. Gutierrez, a former Export-Import Bank loan officer, of course, pled guilty to taking more than $78,000 in bribes for fast tracking unqualified loan applications for approval. And he also admitted that in one case he ignored that a company had defaulted in ten, ten prior deals backed by EXIM at the cost of $20 million. Twenty million dollars is real money to me, real money to taxpayers, but still recommended the company for approval. I guarantee if I default on one loan, on one, much less than $20 million, I am out at the bank. I am out.    How many open fraud investigations and indictments are there currently involving EXIM Bank? Do you know?    Mr. Perry. And I understand that. Let me ask you that in this vein then because I think sometimes we hear that it is--and there are plenty of anecdotes on either side, but some in particular is the appearance of some kind of professional nepotism when we look at former New Mexico governor, Bill Richardson, regarding his association with the Spanish energy company Abengoa's International Advisory Board. An investigation by the Daily Caller found that fully half, fully half of EXIM's advisors on the board in 2014 were executives at companies or unions that directly benefitted from EXIM financing during their term. What is EXIM's plan to fix that? Or should there be a plan?    Mr. Perry. Does it require people to sit on both EXIM's advisory board and work for the companies of which are receiving the loans from EXIM?    Mr. Perry. But does it require that they sit on both? I am asking you what is EXIM--Congress requires an advisory board. But what is EXIM doing to ensure that there is not a quid pro quo, that there is not someone on both sides of the arrangement putting taxpayer dollars in peril?    Mr. Perry. Do you believe that none of them influence that?    Mr. Perry. I sleep with my wife. Do you think she doesn't influence me on my daily decisions regarding my children, my bank account or what clothes--I am serious. Do you believe that? And do you think it deserves further scrutiny in that regard?    Mr. Perry. All right, I hear you.    Mr. Perry. Let me ask you this. Why does EXIM understate the risk regarding being tied to Treasury securities and it kind of inflates the appearance of profit because you don't consider the changes in the market based on Treasury securities? Why does EXIM do that particularly?    Mr. Perry. Why does EXIM have a different standard of default than every other bank that I have checked with?    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Hochberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield.