    Mr. Kagan. Thank you, Madam Chair. To the absent ranking, I thank him also.    Mr. Kagan. I do not usually have a problem being heard. And I am very grateful for the committee for holding a hearing on this topic at this time. As Representative Chabot pointed out, Afghanistan really has fallen from the headlines. And, in fact, I have to confess that I had to rip my head out of a planning session that the Institute for the Study of War and Critical Threats Project have been engaged on in Syria and Iraq and ISIS generally in order to try to refocus on Afghanistan.    And I will start there by saying that we need to recognize that we are facing multiple overlapping threats and conflicts. And they cannot be stove piped, and they cannot be siloed. You cannot have a strategy for defeating ISIS that does not include defeating the Wilayat's that it has established in Afghanistan, Sinai, and Libya. That it is trying to establish in Yemen, Saudi Arabia and elsewhere. It is a global problem. And so we have to concern ourselves with the fact that there is a small ISIS Wilayat at this point in Afghanistan.    And a lot of my testimony--a lot of my written testimony is about the long-term or midterm threats that I see emerging to the U.S. homeland from having--from allowing that organization to retain even a relatively small area of ground in Afghanistan that it can govern and in which it can radicalize Afghan youth and train them rather uncharacteristically for Afghans to be focused on attacking us here, and attacking the Europeans in Europe, which is historically not something that Afghan insurgents have mostly focused on.    But my testimony focuses on that because it is the most immediate, most significant threat to the U.S. homeland. And as we ask questions about why do we need to be in Afghanistan at all and what are our interests, I do think that it is important to begin with what is required to ensure the security and safety of the American people. And I think that we do have the problem, that that is now in the question from Afghanistan over time not at this moment, but it will be, both from ISIS and from al-Qaeda which has re-established itself, and we were just speaking before this hearing about the large al-Qaeda training camp that was attacked and destroyed in Southern Kandahar province which is--represents in its own way the complete and utter failure of a strategy that was begun in 2001 to drive al-Qaeda out and keep it from returning. Clearly that isn't accomplishing its objective at this point.    But I think it is equally important to say that if we simply oriented our fight in Afghanistan against ISIS and al-Qaeda, the groups that most imminently--or most deliberately target us here, we will fail. That fight will fail. And we will fail our larger national security interests as well. Because those groups do not pose an existential threat to the Afghan Government or the Afghan security forces which are our necessary partners. The groups that do post an existential threat are the Taliban groups and the Haqqani network and a number of their internally focused allies.    So we face a logical conundrum, that in order to facilitate the survival of a partner, and I do salute the partnership of President Ghani and Dr. Abdullah, and I do agree that almost anyone is preferable to Hamid Karzai as a so-called partner, we need to ensure that that partner can survive. And I would submit that at this point, given the rise in capability of the Taliban and Haqqani forces, and the significant decrease in the overall capability of the partnered coalition and Afghan forces, that the survival of the Afghan state is very much in question now. I am not confident that there will be an Afghanistan when the next President takes office. I see the mobilization of northern alliance forces to wage their own battle in the north as extremely problematic. I think that it runs a high risk of igniting or reigniting the ethnic civil war that rent the country in the 1990s and before that, and that created space for the Taliban to grow in the first place.    I think, in other words, that the vacuum that has been created by the withdrawal of primarily U.S. but also allied forces, drawing away from Afghan forces that have actually bled quite a lot, and I think it is very important to note that there are many, many, many, many, many more dead on the Afghan National Security Forces side than there have been on the coalition forces side, and I remember Sundays at ISF headquarters when we, the coalition, would read out the list of those coalition members who had been killed in the previous week. And the Afghan Security Force representative would simply say 50 or 60 or 70 or 100 members of the ANSF were killed. The list was, in his view, too long to read.    So we have partners who are willing to engage. We have partners who are willing to fight, and who are willing to die. And, unfortunately, we have not been giving them the support that they need and deserve, frankly, against a common threat that we need them to fight and they need our help to fight. And I sincerely hope, then, there will be some prospect for changing that strategy over time. Thank you very much.    Mr. Kagan. The Afghan security forces were never built having in mind that they would have to operate under the conditions that they are now operating in as David Sedney pointed out. First of all, the assumptions underlying their structure were that they would face a much more mild insurgency that had been beaten down significantly. That is not the case.    And it was also assumed that the United States and the international coalition would continue to provide significant high-end enablers in their fight against the Taliban as well as in their fight against al-Qaeda and other such organizations. So they are now engaged in a fight for which they were never designed and structured, which is one of the reasons why they are struggling so badly. It is important for us to recognize that their primary enemy is not al-Qaeda, and their primary enemy is not ISIS, nor will it be. Their primary enemy is the group that can destroy the Afghan state.    And so in the sense, to the extent that we define our only interest in Afghanistan as going after terrorists and we limit our support to the Afghan security forces to that, we will not succeed in eliminating terrorists because we can't do that without a partner, and our partner will die because it is not those terrorists that are threatening it.    So in my opinion, it is an enormous mistake that this administration has made consistently over the years to try to narrow the scope of our interests in Afghanistan exclusively to target its attacks fundamentally on terrorist leaders without recognizing the cataclysmic failure of that approach across the globe, but also without recognizing that it creates a high likelihood of what we are now seeing, which is that whatever gains we might make there will be washed out as insurgent groups that we are not allowing our troops to fight properly alongside the Afghans take over and destroy our partners.    Mr. Kagan. I do. Thank you. I agree with almost everything that was just said. I think unfortunately a loya jirga was a part of the plan under which this government was set up, and I think the government is going to run into some very serious problems when it does not conduct a loya jirga, much as I agree with you about the risks that that poses and the undesirability of that.    This government reflects much of what U.S. policy toward its problems in the region has been consistently for the past couple of decades, which is an attempt to use, to cajole elites to form an elite settlement of some sort on the assumption that that would solve societal problems that are creating openings for our enemies. It has not worked hardly anywhere we have tried it.    And I raise the point because we are doing something similar in Syria right now, where we are imagining that if we bring the elites, many of whom don't even represent anyone on the ground at this point, together and get them to sign up to some sort of agreement, that that will have a practical manifestation that will be important. The truth of the matter is that what has to happen in Afghanistan and many other places that are now riven by internal conflict, is that the populations and the affected constituencies have to form a new agreement about how the state is going to run.    And the more that we, for very pragmatic reasons having to do with our own timelines and our desire to have partners that we can work with to execute our timelines, the more that we drive toward elite settlements that exclude the interests of large portions of the constituency, the more we create instability and governments that, as the one in Afghanistan, I do agree with David, that both men are trying to make it work, and I agree with Dr. Wilder that the people around them are the principal problem. But the fact that this is simply an elite settlement at this point is the core problem in my view.    Mr. Kagan. Well the struggle against ISIS is a battle in the war against the caliphate, and it needs to be seen in that way, the struggle against al-Qaeda likewise. And so if the difficulty that we are all having figuring out how the administration sees the connections between these battles in Afghanistan and the struggles against al-Qaeda and ISIS elsewhere is a measure of the failure to articulate a meaningful strategy in that regard.    The Taliban is a fascinating phenomenon because it is not in itself directly a threat to the United States in the sense that it continues not to have as its objective attacking us here, but it is a threat to the United States in the sense that it persists in a willingness to work with and host and support those groups that do. And so we continue to face the risk that a resurgent Taliban, because it wishes to or whether it is because it has no alternative--because after all, the Taliban government didn't exactly control all of the territory that it claimed to--will allow itself once again to become the host on which the terrorist parasites can breed and grow and attack us.    Mr. Kagan. Exactly, exactly.    Mr. Kagan. Sir, I would disagree with you on a couple of points. First of all, I have never advocated and never would advocate sending American soldiers into Afghanistan to fight for the----    Mr. Kagan. No, no. I am not. I didn't. But to fight for the Afghan leadership. We send American troops to Afghanistan to fight for the American people. And so, at the moment that I become convinced that it is not necessary to have American troops in Afghanistan because of the vital national interests of the American people, I will be here telling you that I think we shouldn't have American troops in Afghanistan.    Mr. Kagan. And the second point I would make is that I think that that point was extremely valid when we were talking about Hamid Karzai. I think it is not valid when we are talking about Ashraf Ghani.    Mr. Kagan. Well I think it is very complicated when you get to the layers below that, and I think that what we have with President Ghani is a President who actually is committed to doing everything that you want him to do, and he is finding a great difficulty in doing that and we have frankly not been, as my colleagues on the panel--providing him a lot of support in that effort because for all of the discussion of smart power in this administration, fundamentally the only strategy that they really focus on is swatting bad guys.    And I think that this is an area where you are right, that we need to have a major leadership change below the level of President Ghani and Dr. Abdullah. But President Ghani is trying to make that happen. What are we doing to help? That is a great question to direct to the administration and ask them. What are you doing to help empower the guy who is trying to change the toxic environment that you have been describing, because that was not the case when President Karzai was in power.    Mr. Kagan. Ma'am, we have a vital national security interest in ensuring that Afghanistan does not become again a base for transnational terrorists who intend to attack the United States and its allies. We are at severe risk of having that happen. The current strategy that the President is pursuing will allow that to happen. We must reverse that strategy. There are a lot of things that are involved in reversing that strategy. As an early champion of Task Force Shafafiyat, which was all about the anticorruption effort, I agree with the criticality of dealing with governance issues, helping President Ghani do that. I think that the administration needs to be a lot more engaged in that, and I recognize that there is no purely military solution to a problem. However, this is a war, and there is no purely political solution to most wars.    And so we need to look to what our military approach here is. There is a tyranny of terrain in Afghanistan. If you want to have bases where you need them to fight the enemy, there is a certain minimum footprint that you need to have. I have gone through this drill myself with my own teams. I have watched this drill in theater multiple times. The bottom line is if you are below about 20,000 troops total, you are going to leave uncovered critical areas and critical units, and you are going to invite the reestablishment of certain kind of safe havens. No one wants to hear that number, and I am going to tell you, ma'am, that is a bottom end number. But the truth of the matter is that where we are is not sustainable from the standpoint of a strategy that can secure our homeland in Afghanistan.    And I would only add because I have the privilege of speaking to Congress, Congress is part of the problem here because if you go back to the Army and ask them to put 20,000 or 30,000 troops in Afghanistan right now, they are going to talk to you about how difficult that is and about how impossible it is going to become if sequester is allowed to hit, if the Budget Control Act remains, if we continue to disarm our Nation as the world becomes more dangerous and wars and enemies expand. Thank you ma'am.