    Mr. Goodlatte. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order.    And, without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on the oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice. And I'll begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    Welcome, Attorney General Lynch, to your first appearance before the House Judiciary Committee since your confirmation earlier this year. And we are very pleased to have you here with us.    Last week, we witnessed horrific terrorist attacks in Paris which claimed the lives of over 120 innocent civilians and for which ISIS has taken credit. Our thoughts and prayers remain with the French people, and we mourn with them.    At the same time, these terrorist attacks are a stark reminder that ISIS poses a threat to our allies and America. Yet this reality is not clearly seen by our President. Just hours before the attack, President Obama boasted that ISIS is contained. ISIS is not contained in Syria, it is not contained in Europe, and we know ISIS is continuing its campaign of propaganda here in the U.S.    We know from the Paris attacks that at least one of the perpetrators was registered as a refugee from Syria in countries through which he traveled on his way to France. Just last month, FBI Director Comey told this Committee that the U.S. refugee vetting process is not adequate to guarantee that Syrians referred for resettlement in the U.S. are not terrorists who plan to harm us. Yet the President presses on with his plan to resettle at least 10,000 Syrian refugees during this fiscal year alone.    I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this issue, considering that the top counterterrorism investigator in the U.S. consistently states that the databases and law enforcement resources are not available to properly vet Syrians.    Furthermore, reports indicate that, despite repeated congressional action to the contrary, this Administration thinks terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, who are cut from the same cloth as the Paris attackers and many of whom are deemed too dangerous for release to foreign countries, should be brought to the United States. Transferring these combatants to the United States will only increase their odds of being released inside the U.S.    These public and national security concerns, coupled with unanswered questions about the cost and logistics of bringing detainees into the U.S., should cause the Administration to hit ``pause'' on its reckless decision to close its Guantanamo detention facility. Enemy combatants should remain outside of the United States, where they can be detained away from our communities and without needlessly jeopardizing the safety and security of the American people.    In addition to the mounting national security threats facing the Department of Justice, I would also like to focus on the need for an impartial Justice Department. Americans have become more and more suspicious that their government agencies are biased. To understand this, one need look no further than the well-founded allegations that the IRS targeted conservative groups for extra scrutiny.    After numerous appeals to appoint a special counsel to investigate this, last month the Justice Department announced that no criminal prosecution would be brought against IRS personnel in connection with this matter. It is not difficult to understand why a special counsel was needed, given that only those organizations opposed to the President's overreaching agenda were targeting by high-ranking IRS officials. Apparently, officials at the IRS share Secretary Clinton's abhorrent notion that Republicans are ``the enemy.''    I am profoundly disturbed the Administration's handling of this matter. At every turn, President Obama and Administration officials repeatedly and publicly undermined the investigation. When the House of Representatives took the responsible step of calling for the appointment of a special counsel to investigate the matter, our concerns and those of the individuals targeted by the IRS went unresolved by the Administration.    Madam Attorney General, now that your department has concluded its investigation, I look forward to discussing the Department's decision with you in greater detail.    Given the controversy surrounding the Administration's mishandling of the IRS targeting scandal, it is critical that the Justice Department clearly demonstrate to the American people that it will handle with impartiality its investigation surrounding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server for official purposes.    Earlier this year, two inspectors general reported that classified information was contained within the private e-mails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and have referred the matter to the Justice Department. During his appearance before the Committee last month, FBI Director Comey vowed that this investigation will be conducted ``promptly, professionally, and independently.'' Rest assured, Congress and the American people will hold both the Bureau and the Department to this standard.    The Committee also remains concerned that the Department is subverting Congress' budget authority by using settlements to funnel money to third-party interest groups. The concern is institutional and nonpartisan. Yet, rather than suspend the practice, DOJ has expanded it, while quietly obstructing the Committee's investigation.    Last week, the Department finally produced a small subset of relevant documents that the Committee requested 11 months ago. I would like to know, Madam Attorney General, what you, as an experienced prosecutor, would do if a large corporation behaved this way in an investigation.    As we sit with you today, Attorney General Lynch, law enforcement agencies across the country face profound challenges. Thirty-one police officers have been shot to death this year alone. In many places, officers are understandably asking whether it is worth pursuing violent criminals or otherwise putting themselves in harm's way, less they be the targets of intentional violence or community backlash.    Force must be used appropriately, and police officers must take proper steps to protect innocent civilians. However, irresponsible anti-police activity from many in the advocacy community and the Justice Department's ongoing efforts to micromanage State and local police agencies have only served to exacerbate the divide between police and citizens. This trend cannot continue.    Many American cities have seen a spike in violent crime. In Baltimore, homicides are up 71 percent. In August of this year, the number of murders here in Washington, D.C., already matched the number for all of 2014. Other cities have seen similar increases in violent crime. Despite these grim statistics, however, the Obama administration has continued to support initiatives that will only exacerbate this violence.    On November 1 of this year, nearly 6,000 Federal drug offenders were released from prison, pursuant to a 2014 Sentencing Commission amendment which the Justice Department supported. Over the next 2 years, some additional 10,000 offenders will be released early. This ill-advised amendment applies without regard to an inmate's criminal history and will result in the release of some dangerous violent criminals as well as illegal criminal aliens.    As you know, the Committee has introduced bipartisan legislation to institute meaningful sentencing reform while preventing release of serious violent criminals.    Speaking of releasing violent criminals, the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco earlier this year is a tragic reminder that the lack of appropriate immigration enforcement in our Nation today and the reckless sanctuary policies in many cities across the country can have deadly consequences.    It is not enough for Administration officials to pay lip service to the problems presented by sanctuary cities. Federal agencies, including the Justice Department, must take meaningful steps to ensure that criminal aliens released from Federal custody are promptly deported.    Attorney General Lynch, I look forward to hearing your views on all these important topics today, as well as on other issues of significance to the Justice Department and to our Nation.    Thank you.    And now I'm pleased to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    And, without objection, all other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. And we again welcome our distinguished witness.    And if you would please rise, we'll begin by swearing you in.    Do you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Attorney General Lynch. I do.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much. And please be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witness has responded in the affirmative.    I'll now begin by introducing our sole witness today, the Attorney General of the United States, Ms. Loretta Lynch.    Attorney General Lynch was sworn in as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States on April 27, 2015. She began her career in public service by joining the United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York.    After 9 years, Ms. Lynch was appointed by President Bill Clinton to lead that office as United States Attorney, a post she held until 2001. Ms. Lynch then worked in private practice until 2010, when President Obama asked her to resume leadership of the United States Attorney's Office in Brooklyn.    Ms. Lynch is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School.    Attorney General Lynch, we welcome your first appearance before the Judiciary Committee and look forward to your testimony. Your entire written statement will be made a part of the record, and we ask that you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes.    Thank you. And please begin at your convenience.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    Good morning, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and distinguished Members of this Committee. I am very grateful for the opportunity to appear before you today to share some of the recent accomplishments of the U.S. Department of Justice, to discuss some of my top priorities as Attorney General, and to explore ways that we can continue to work together.    I do want to begin, however, by commenting on Friday's reprehensible and heartbreaking attacks in Paris. The Department of Justice and, indeed, the entire Obama Administration stand in solidarity with France, just as France has so often stood with us. As President Obama said, this is not just an attack on Paris or the people of France; it is an attack on all of humanity and the universal values that we share.    We are committed to doing everything within our power to assist our French law enforcement colleagues in bringing those responsible for this monstrous act of terror to justice. And, as we go forward, our thoughts and our prayers of course remain with the victims and their loved ones.    Now, as this distinguished Committee well knows, our Nationfaces a host of serious, varied, and evolving challenges. Our highest priority must always be the security of our homeland, and we are acting aggressively to defuse threats as they emerge.    We are working around the clock to uncover and disrupt plots that take aim at our people, our infrastructure, and our way of life. We continue to investigate and apprehend those who seek to harm us, including upwards of 70 individuals charged since 2013 for conduct related to foreign-fighter activity and homegrown violent extremism. And, of course, we remain focused on the threat posed by domestic extremists, as well.    At the same time, we are placing particular emphasis on countering security threats in cyberspace. We are perpetually on guard against individuals, organized groups, terrorists, and state actors who might attempt to steal our data, endanger our economy, compromise our privacy, and threaten our security.    In recognition of the need for strong public-private partnerships, we have created a new cybersecurity unit within our Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section and announced a National Security Division outreach initiative designed to promote information sharing and resilience as part of the division's National Asset Protection Program.    I have also been meeting personally with corporate executives and general counsels around the country to spread our message of cyber awareness, to encourage strategic collaboration, and to find new ways to protect American consumers.    Now, of course, to bring about the stronger Nation that we all seek, we must also empower the communities within our borders.    Across this country, brave police officers risk their lives every day to protect our neighborhoods and serve the residents of their jurisdictions, and we are tremendously grateful for their dedication and their valor. But we have seen the devastating results of mistrust between law enforcement officers and the citizens we serve, and we've experienced the consequences when decades of tension erupt into unrest.    During the first 100 days of my tenure, I conducted a six-city community policing tour to engage with communities that have made significant progress in this area. In each city, I convened roundtable discussions that included law enforcement officers, public officials, civic leaders, and young people, where participants shared some of the most effective ways that citizens and law enforcement officers could join forces to foster trust, to build respect, and to spread mutual understanding.    Restoring that essential trust between communities and law enforcement is one of my top priorities as Attorney General. And the Department intends to do everything we can to foster those bonds and to create safer and fairer communities across the country.    Now, we are also paying special attention to vulnerable victims in our communities, particularly those caught in the clutches of human trafficking. In September, I announced that the Department would be extending $44 million in new grant funding to help support research, bring more traffickers to justice, and care for survivors.    And, at this moment, I really want to thank our partners in Congress for their efforts. By tripling human-trafficking-related funding for our Office of Justice programs in fiscal year 2015, Congress was instrumental in allowing us to increase our grant funding in this critical area. This October marks the 15th anniversary of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, which is certainly a fitting occasion to redouble our commitment to eradicating this pernicious practice.    And, finally, I'd like to address our efforts on criminal justice reform at the Federal level.    I commend the Committee Members who have come together to help chart a new course on criminal justice that will make our society both stronger and more secure. It is of course built, in part, on the success of the Smart on Crime initiative that my predecessor, Attorney General Eric Holder, launched in 2013, which shifted our approach away from harsh mandatory sentences for low-level drug offenses and enabled us to focus on more significant violent defendants, while better supporting rehabilitation and reentry programs that can reduce recidivism and promote public safety.    But more must be done. Prison spending has increasingly displaced other critical public safety investments, and to make our sentencing laws more efficient, more effective, and more just, congressional action is needed. Reform has been embraced by prosecutors, law enforcement, and policymakers of all stripes, and the Justice Department is eager to see meaningful sentencing reform enacted during this Congress. And we thank you for the chance to work with you on that.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, thank you so much for the chance to speak with you today. And thank you all for your ongoing support of the Justice Department's efforts. I look forward to working closely with you to advance the objectives that we all share.    And I'm pleased to answer questions from this body at this time. Thank you.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, General Lynch.    We will now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions for the witnesses, and I'll begin by recognizing myself.    Yesterday, a video reportedly linked to ISIS was posted stating that, ``As we struck France in the center of its abode in Paris, then we swear that we will strike America at its center in Washington.''    Now, there is little doubt that ISIS views the United States and the West as a strategic enemy, and there is little doubt that our immigration laws, our lawful immigration laws, have been abused on a number of occasions by people intending to perpetrate harm against the United States.    Do you agree with what your own FBI Director, James Comey, told this Committee regarding the inability to adequately vet and confirm the true identity because of the lack of information, databases, law enforcement resources, intelligence resources, and military resources available to us in Syria of Syrians who have applied for refugee resettlement in the United States?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    With respect to that important issue, as I've indicated, the most important priority of the Department of Justice is the protection of the American people. And, certainly, national security and terrorism are one of my own top priorities and certainly an area of concern for all of us. That is certainly our main concern.    At the same time, we do have a system for allowing not just immigration but refugee entrance into the country. As the FBI Director has noted, there is a process in place that allows for significant vetting of refugees from all countries.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, let me interrupt, because he said something contrary with regard to the situation with Syrians. He said, ``We can query our database till the cows come home, but there will be nothing to show up because we have no record on that person.''    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, with respect to the databases that the Director was referring to, as he noted, I believe, before this Committee, there is a screening process that has data from several different agencies. The FBI participates, Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, National Counterterrorism Center. And much information is vetted and queried.    Certainly, a lot of the information that is vetted does have to be inputted into the system.    Mr. Goodlatte. In the case of Syria, you can't go to the government offices in that country. They're in disarray. You can't go interview people who know people who are applying for this status.    Do you disagree with the FBI Director when he says that vetting Syrian refugees is extremely difficult, if not impossible?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Chairman, I'm not sure he said it was impossible. Certainly, not only the Department of Justice but all of our agencies will make every effort to vet every refugee coming into this country, from the databases, to the interviews that those individuals are subject to, to the biometric screening as well.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me go on.    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, there are challenges to that process because of the situation in Syria. But I would note, however, that we do have the benefit of having that significant and robust screening process in place--a process that Europe has not been able to set up, which renders them much more vulnerable.    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, I think we'll be vulnerable, too, when it comes to people from Syria, when we can't get access to those databases because the country is in disarray, and we can't even gather information, fresh, new, because we can't access the people that we could talk to.    Let me move on to another topic. The latest available data from the Justice Department shows that, during fiscal year 2015, the government reported 6,002 new weapons convictions. This number is down 5.8 percent from the previous fiscal year, when the number of convictions totaled 6,373. Compared to 5 years ago, when there were 7,101 weapons convictions, the number for fiscal year 2015 is down 15.5 percent. Convictions over the past year are lower than they were 10 years ago. Overall, the data show that convictions of this type, weapons violations, are down 34.8 percent from the level of 9,206 reported in 2005.    The President has repeatedly called for new gun control laws, yet your department has seen weapons prosecutions and convictions fall to levels not seen in over a decade.    How do you explain such a precipitous drop in weapon prosecutions and convictions under this Administration? And why is such little emphasis placed on these types of prosecutions, when the President has called for yet more laws when the current laws are not being enforced?    Attorney General Lynch. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question.    With regard to the Department of Justice enforcement of the gun laws, we take those gun laws very seriously and are committed to using the full panoply of laws and regulations on the books.    We typically use those laws at the Federal level in conjunction with our many and numerous violent crime initiatives. For example, in my former position as U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of New York, many of our gang cases also carried with them firearms charges. They would not necessarily be the lead charge, they may not be reflected in the data that you have, but they certainly are an important tool in every prosecutor's arsenal in combating violent crime.    In the discussions----    Mr. Goodlatte. Then why aren't they being prosecuted for those violations?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, sir?    Mr. Goodlatte. Then why aren't they being prosecuted for those violations related to firearms?    And, by the way, this doesn't just mean using a firearm in the commission of crime. It also means illegal sales of firearms. It means lying on the Instant Check System of which, for the last year for which we have complete data, 76,000 people were found to have committed the felony of swearing to false information on that form. Five thousand were referred for prosecution, but the 94 U.S. attorneys' offices across the country could only find time to prosecute 62 out of 76,000.    So somebody going into a gun store to buy a weapon knows that, even if they're caught--and often they're not caught because the system doesn't have all the information it needs in it--but even if they're caught, they often find that the odds are one in a thousand that they'll be prosecuted even when they're caught.    What are you doing about that? What should be done about it? And why has this decline been so precipitous over the last several years?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, with respect to the types of cases that are prosecuted, as I indicated, a lot of the firearms prosecutions are done in conjunction with our violent crime program, and they may not show up in your statistics as the lead charges. They are a significant part of the arsenal that every Federal prosecutor utilizes.    Most recently, I've convened a summit with the top elected officials, police chiefs, and leaders of major cities to talk about violent crime that's currently taking place in several major cities, with a focus on finding the causes and finding the best ways to direct Federal resources to those particular cities.    Mr. Goodlatte. Can we expect these prosecutions to go up as a result of that?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, what we do is we look at the root causes of violence in a particular area. If, for example, the firearms were the main issue there, we would focus our efforts there. We follow the facts and the evidence.    Mr. Goodlatte. Not necessarily prosecute for the gun violation.    So, if that's the case, would you agree with me, then, that it doesn't make sense to add new gun laws, when we already have hundreds of them that are not being enforced today and you don't seem to anticipate an increase in the use of those current laws to prosecute people who misuse firearms?    Attorney General Lynch. I think, at this point, it would be difficult to speculate as to what numbers would look in a year with respect to any particular criminal program.    What I would say is the Department of Justice is committed to using the full panoply of laws that are currently on the books as part of our violent crime initiative, as part of our desire to keep all communities safe. And that does include our firearms laws.    Mr. Goodlatte. I want to cover one more topic that concerns me greatly.    During the FBI's investigation of the IRS matter, the President stated on Super Bowl Sunday that there was not ``even a smidgeon of corruption at the IRS.'' At the end of that investigation, no charges were filed.    Two weeks ago, the President stated with respect to Secretary Clinton's e-mails, ``This is not a situation in which America's national security was endangered.''    Should we expect that when the FBI finishes its investigation of this matter that no charges will be filed? Does the Department allow statements by the President to dictate its investigative practices?    Attorney General Lynch. Mr. Chairman, the Department reviews facts and evidence submitted before it. We apply the law to those facts and evidence. We take all the appropriate steps in every matter that we review. And that is how we will essentially manage every matter under our purview, whether it relates to the IRS, to an e-mail matter, or every matter that comes before us.    And with respect to the President's comments, they have no influence or bearing on how the Department manages these matters. And I would have to refer you to him for a review of those.    Mr. Goodlatte. I'm glad to hear you say that. In your view, wasn't it inappropriate for the President to once again inject his personal views into an ongoing FBI investigation?    Attorney General Lynch. Mr. Chairman, I really don't have a comment on the President's expression of his views.    Mr. Goodlatte. He's the chief executive officer of the United States, and everything that operates within the executive branch is under his purview, including the very important independent nature of the FBI in conducting its investigations.    Wouldn't it be better if the President of the United States did not comment on the merits of those investigations while they're going on?    Attorney General Lynch. Mr. Chairman, I really don't have a comment on the President's statements.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much.    The Chair recognizes the Ranking Member, the gentleman from Michigan, for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sensenbrenner, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Nadler, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith, for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Issa, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentlewoman has expired, but the witness can answer the question.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, for 5 minutes.