    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, and thank my colleague from California, Lois Capps, for allowing me to ask some questions. I have another appointment I need to get to.    Obviously, we have discussed here today, under the category of lessons learned, 5 years later, what we have done to deal with the challenges of deepwater exploration, and the definitions of deepwater exploration now, with new science and technologies, is far greater depth of drilling range than ever imagined, probably, 20 years ago. But with that comes risks, and we saw those risks, you know, in the worst way develop 5 years ago with the spill in the Gulf.    We, obviously, have a great deal of drilling activity taking place, and expansion of proposed drilling in various parts of the Atlantic and Alaska, as was noted.    I am wondering, Mr. Williams and maybe Ms. Hopkins, what the takeaway is here. I mean we have seen the changes of how the Department of the Interior has implemented both safety standards on the drilling safety rule, workplace safety rule, blowout preventers, production safety rule. Supposedly, one person can stop a production well if they believe something is amiss.    Under the category of lessons learned and takeaways, what would you say was the greatest? And can you imagine in the future--the environmental impacts, obviously, in the Gulf are still being felt. But what would you describe, Mr. Williams, under the category of lessons learned, notwithstanding the changes in the--I had been one that had argued for years we ought to change the Mineral and Management Services, and obviously, the Administration did do that. Is it operating better now, under the new reorganization?    Mr. Costa. Do you think the enforcement has been strong?    Mr. Costa. And provide the oversight.    Mr. Costa. Ms. Hopkins, you commented a moment ago on the previous questioning that, with the expansion, or proposed expansion in the Atlantic and Alaska, that these lessons that we hope have been learned will be applied, and these new safety rules will be in place for any further expansion or drilling. Is that correct?    Mr. Costa. And what is the takeaway for your industry, in terms of 5 years later, and the coordination and the response by energy companies to what was a very devastating accident that--11 lives were lost and, obviously, the changes have occurred in the industry.    Mr. Costa. Is it true within any of your companies that one person on a rig can halt production because something may be amiss?    Mr. Costa. Any other suggestions, you think, in looking down the road, that we can do a better job?    Mr. Costa. Under best management practices?    Mr. Costa. And how do you do that?    Mr. Costa. All right. My time has expired. Thank you, Congresswoman Capps, for your kindness. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Actually, I am the one that recognized you, not her.    Mr. Costa. Well, I was thanking you, too.    The Chairman. OK. I will just----    Mr. Costa. I always thank you.    The Chairman. Just so we get that in the record.    Mr. Costa. No, I want it on the record. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mrs. Capps, go ahead.