    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and I thank you for holding this hearing. It is important, and I guess I am in a mood to say, ``OK, it is the holiday time, so let's work together so we make sure that this never happens again.'' I thank my friend, Secretary Jewell, for coming today, knowing that this was probably not going to be her most pleasant morning of the holiday season.    But having said that, the Gold King Mine spill is extremely concerning, and it is a real tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to those who were impacted by the spill. But I believe that, as a committee, we need to focus on what the root causes of the problem are, and how we fix it moving forward, and prevent it from happening again.    We need to make sure that the government agencies, whether it is the EPA or an agency at the Interior Department, have the resources that they need and the authority that they require to make sure that we are properly cleaning up abandoned mines, so that tragedies like this do not happen again. It is the right thing to do for our economy and for the environment. So, I hope that we are all going to work together on both sides of the aisle to move forward on that.    Secretary Jewell, your testimony mentions that the conditions and actions that led to this spill are not unique. I would agree with that assessment, that even Michigan, which is not traditionally thought of as a state with mines, has some. So, let me ask you about something we have been working on in our subcommittee, and I think is a real problem that we do have.    One of the reasons that there are so many more abandoned hardrock mines than there are coal mines is because there are requirements for coal companies to post bonds to cover cleanup costs in the event that they go bankrupt. But the biggest coal companies are allowed to avoid posting bonds if they show that they are effectively too big to fail. So how often do we keep hearing that, ``too big to fail'' ?    As with most things that are labeled too big to fail, many of these companies are now failing, and they are descending into bankruptcy. That leaves the taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars. We raised this issue in May at our subcommittee level as a textbook case of the taxpayer exposure to polluter cleanup costs that the Majority was focused on in that hearing. The coal self-bonding case could result in leaving taxpayers on the hook for orders of magnitude of more money than clean energy bonding that they were focused on. They were invited to join in the investigation. Silence was their answer, and I think that that answer is telling.    Secretary Jewell, a Reuters article yesterday said that there was some concern in the Administration about the exposure to taxpayers from coal self-bonding. Can you tell us about those concerns and the Administration's plans?    Mrs. Dingell. I do not have a lot of time left, so let me ask you. You agree that this is a problem not just impacting the western states, but, rather, the entire Nation. Given that the circumstances that led to the Animas River spill are not unique, how many other sites are you worried about that a similar incident could occur?    Mrs. Dingell. I have more questions, but I will yield back those 4 seconds I have, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. If you want two more, I will give them to you.    Mrs. Dingell. That is OK. There are a lot of issues here.    The Chairman. OK. Mr. Fleming, before you go to the dark side.    