    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon to the witnesses.    I look forward to hearing your perspectives regarding these critical issues. As you know, on March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry declared that ISIS is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control, including the Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims. The Secretary went on to chronicle numerous atrocities against various ethnic and religious groups by ISIL over the last few years. The question posed to the witnesses today is a logical result of the determination of genocide, specifically what actions need to be taken by the U.S., the international community, and, frankly, the region, to prevent further genocide.    Secretary Kerry noted in his statement on March 17 that the best response to genocide is a reaffirmation of the fundamental right to survive of every grouped targeted for destruction.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses today on how that can best be achieved, bearing in mind the ongoing suffering of women, men, and children who live in constant fear.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bass. Well, thank you, Mr. Chair. I appreciate you giving me the opportunity.    First of all, I would really like to thank all of the witnesses for not just your testimony but the work that you do. It has really been sobering.    I wanted to ask a couple of questions of you, Mr. Oram, about the Assyrian population in the U.S. You mentioned the Michigan area, and I was wondering, are there other places around the U.S. where there is a population?    And the other thing you mentioned was the population in Europe is experiencing some problems. It sounded like it was internal to the community, but I wonder if those same types of problems are being manifested in the United States.    Ms. Bass. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bass. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Ms. Bass. And then, Mr. Crane, I really admire what you have done in the past, and Mr. Smith has shared with me a few minutes ago about how you faced daily death threats during the time of Sierra Leone, and to come through that, you come through it with a certain amount of soberness.    I didn't particularly like to hear what you said, but I appreciate the reality. When you said that, one, you characterized it as Cold War ramifications, and I think you meant by that that this is nothing that is going to be solved quickly.    Ms. Bass. But I appreciate you saying that because there is too much rhetoric out there about why don't we just do this and it fixes it, and I think you painted a far more realistic picture, and I appreciate that, even though it was difficult to hear.    So I wanted to know if you would elaborate a little more about some of the solutions that you talked about. You talked about a Marshall Plan. I was wondering what your vision would be as to who would come together to do that.    You talked about holding ISIS accountable, and you mentioned a hybrid court, and I wanted to understand what exactly that meant, how that would be.    What you went through in Sierra Leone, trying to imagine holding ISIS accountable like that when the leadership is so diffuse. How would you hold ISIS accountable? What are some of your thoughts about that?    Why don't we start there?    Ms. Bass. Uh-huh, right.    Ms. Bass. Let me interrupt you for just a minute about that. Okay.    Ms. Bass. One, I would love to see that actually here with our infrastructure, our failing infrastructure, and need for jobs. But this is what confuses me, and that is, who would the actors be?    Because post-World War II--I mean, and most of what you described in terms of International Monetary Fund, World Bank, et cetera, are European based, you know what I mean, and how--what parts of the region come together considering, you know, whether they are actively involved or not, how would you have the European-based powers then go in and say here is a Marshall Plan for what is predominantly the Arab world?    Ms. Bass. Trillions, right.    Ms. Bass. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bass. I appreciate that.    Ms. Bass. That is okay.    Ms. Bass. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bass. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Ms. Bass. I yield back.