    Mr. Calvert. Good morning, Secretary McHugh, General Odierno. First, thank you for being here. Thank you for your service. We understand that this current environment, you are facing numerous challenges, as we heard. We look forward to working with you to support the men and women of our Army.    John, it was 23 years ago that you and I were sworn into the U.S. Congress together as young freshmen. We have both seen a lot of change since then; some good, probably some not so good. But one thing I want to focus on is something that probably everybody here is tired of me talking about, but since 2001 we have cut the Active-Duty Force by 4 percent but we have grown the civilian workforce by 15 percent. And you mentioned in your opening testimony, General Odierno, the expansion of the bureaucracy.    Currently, the ratio of civilian employees to Active-Duty personnel is at historic levels. It has never been higher. Bringing that ratio down to the historic norm would save the Department $82.5 billion over the next 5 years. That is DOD-wide. All these savings would be reinvested right back in the Department to alleviate the impact of the BCA.    In DOD's fiscal year 2016 budget documentation, every service made steep steps to their respective service civilian payroll in 2016. The Army, being the largest force, shed 47,048 civilians employees. However, Defensewide number of civilians at the Pentagon rose that same year by 58,436 employees. Further, the fiscal year 2015-2016 request adds 17,000 back to the services.    Looking at DOD over the last several years, we have basically gone nowhere. This is money that could be spent on readiness, acquisition, and end strength. The services made cuts, but then the Pentagon hires them right back.    I don't understand that. I would like to get your thoughts on that.    Mr. Calvert. I just want to make a point that since 2006 we have seen the most significant growth in the ratio of civilian employees versus the military. And our new Secretary, Ash Carter, made a comment the other day that they have to attack that problem. So I would hope that they would----    Mr. Calvert. Thank you.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, General Robb, General Horoho, Admiral Nathan, General Travis. First, thank you for all being here today and thank you for what you have done for our country, and wish you well in the future.    The fiscal year 2012 NDAA required the GAO to study DoD's acquisition of professional medical services. Once the GAO had completed its study, they recommended that DoD develop a Department-wide approach for contracting healthcare professionals, and DoD apparently agreed with those recommendations.    The fiscal year NDAA required the SecDef to develop a strategy for carrying out the recommendation, then execute that strategy. The strategy was required to, one, identify opportunities, to consolidate requirements and reduce costs for professional healthcare staff and services; and two, analyze, using reliable and detailed data covering the entire Department, the amounts of funds expended on contracts for healthcare professionals.    General Robb, I would like to hear your update on how the DHA is progressing with a strategy for implementing the GAO recommendations as laid out in the NDAA.    And while you are on that, speaking of Service-wide, there was a recommendation to go to a Service-wide first aid kit----    General Robb. Sure.    Mr. Calvert . A standardized first aid kit that had a 5-year shelf life. I understand that has been delayed. I don't know if that is an acquisition problem or not. And there is apparently some additional cost to that. So maybe you could touch on that too. Thank you.    General Robb. Yes, sir. As far as looking at the consolidation of the contracts, that is, again, one of the primary and foundational elements for the Defense Health Agency. And through our shared services in our contracting division, what we are doing for a way ahead is looking Service-wide where it makes sense to consolidate our contracts, whether it is in the professional services or whether it is in the hiring of, again, healthcare professionals, or if it is equipment purchases.    And what we do is we look at all the different contracts, we look at where there is overlap, where there is redundancies, and then how we can move forward to negotiate, again, a more standardized approach to our healthcare delivery, so it makes it more viable, number one, and then, again, updated towards what we call a modernization in an organized feature.    As far as the joint first aid kit, I tell you what, that is a success story, sir. We have agreed upon, all of the four Services, I think for the first time in my career, have agreed on all the elements in the joint first aid kit. What we are working through right now is, actually it is the carrying bag, and we are pretty close to deciding what that is going to be. But the equipment, and we are lined up that that will be one of our first joint products across the board, that will be issued. And that is key, in taking what we call the tactical combat casualty care principles and moving them forward and standardizing them on the battlefield.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.