    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, gentlemen, thank you very much for your service to the country. There is tremendous bipartisan agreement on this committee that we need to move past the sequester. I just came from a Budget Committee hearing where this is being debated. There is a lot of frustration with the way that the budget is being handled at the present.    But the question, therefore, is just how do we get there? How do we figure that out? One question that has been debated much this morning on this committee is is there a role for nondefense spending cut under the Budget Control Act in ensuring our national defense? And, I think, Secretary Carter, you have made your view quite clear on that.    General Dempsey, I was wondering if you could offer your own comments.    General Dempsey. Look, everything we do around the world in terms of security these days are done with other government partners. Whether it is DEA , Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, and so, yes, there is a role on the nondefense side for security.    Mr. Moulton. Great, thank you.    If you could both comment on this, and I want to be just very specific here to try to cut through the rhetoric. What are the top five programs or weapons systems that you want to cut to take that money and better invest it in ensuring the safety of our troops--the safety and success of our troops on the ground or more broadly in our future national defense, but are prevented from cutting by congressional politics?    Secretary Carter, perhaps we can start with you.    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Secretary. If you could provide that list, I would greatly appreciate it.    Mr. Moulton. General Dempsey, if you could, as specific as possible, outline--specifically as possible, outline what things would be on your list.    General Dempsey. Well, I actually can't, Congressman, because--recall my role. The services build their program to deliver service capabilities, which then we integrate into a joint force. So what we submitted was actually what we believed we need to accomplish a joint force to execute the strategy.    I am not in a position now to tell you that, you know, there were ways we could have done it otherwise. We have given you our best advice. And I can't help you decide how to find the money to do it. We need the capabilities we have described in our budget.    Mr. Moulton. Fair enough. Thank you very much, gentlemen.    Chairman, I yield my time.    The Chairman. Mr. Lamborn.