    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Chairman Royce.    You know, fascinating testimony and something that we've talked about in this committee quite a bit. You know, we are--we do feel like we are losing the counter propaganda war. We're losing that battle on social media and on the Internet.    You know, I think--Mr. Hughes and Dr. Neumann, you both touched on how, you know, ISIL and other radical jihadists are able to create this conversation in an ongoing, almost organic way.    Dr. Neumann, you used the term creating the swarm, and the way to counteract that swarm is to have a swarm that is putting a counter narrative out there--that is, dispelling some of these myths, using technology.    Now, Mr. Hughes, you talked about the importance of this--you know, fostering the environment for this to happen but some of it being organic, coming out of the community and, you know, partnering that with--you know, the community members may not know how best to use technology but partnering that with the technology support so they can get that counter narrative out.    You know, I think a fundamental thing that is breaking down is--I talked to, you know, in Sacramento our homeland security folks, our local law enforcement--is there has to be a partnership between, you know, the Muslim community locally and the folks that are charged with trying to identify folks that may be on a path to getting radicalization but so you can intervene quickly and that seems to be breaking down right now and, you know, some of the rhetoric that we hear out there does not help the Muslim community reach out to others.    You know, perhaps some thoughts on how best we can start to repair that because, again, in my sense if we want to counteract this narrative it is going to take the community that understands our culture, that understands the word and so forth.    Partnering with, you know, whether it is technology support, whether it is local law enforcement, whether it is our homeland security folks, you know, Mr. Hughes, your thoughts.    Mr. Bera. What is that third option of interventions?    Mr. Bera. So we have actually had some of that conversation in Sacramento both with homeland security folks as well as our--the Muslim community locally because it is not just law enforcement approaching them.    It could be that parent who is noticing changes in behavior in their child and, you know, doesn't want to go to law enforcement because they are worried, but they need someplace where they can go and someone who is trusted in the community who can intervene or it could be, you know, an imam. Dr. Neumann, if you want.    Mr. Bera. So it has to be someone who's trusted in the community that has that confidence because, you know, it could be a mental health issue that you have to intervene quite early on which, you know, could lead to some consequences down the road.    Mr. Bera. Fantastic. Thank you, and I am out of my time. Thank you.