    Mr. Engel. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for calling this very important and timely hearing.    Mr. Deputy Secretary, Mr. Under Secretary, welcome to our committee. We are grateful for your service and we look forward to your testimony and I want to congratulate both of you on your new positions.    The chairman's remarks are very similar to mine. We have worked very hard on this committee to have bipartisanship because both the chairman and I agree that if there is one place where we need bipartisanship more than any other place, it involves foreign policy.    And so wherever possible we try to talk with one voice, and I want to associate myself with the chairman's remarks. We have seen a lot of speculative reporting in the press about might or might not be included in the comprehensive nuclear deal with Iran.    Today, we are going to send over a letter to the President signed by 360 Members of Congress in both parties, a majority of each party, talking about some of the things that we are concerned with and we would hope that we could get a prompt response from the White House.    It is truly a very bipartisan letter expressing Congress' strong feelings about things that need to be in the agreement. I want to emphasize--re-emphasize what the chairman said. There really cannot be any marginalization of Congress.    Congress really needs to play a very active and vital role in this whole process and any attempts to sidestep Congress will be resisted on both sides of the aisle. We have seen a lot of speculative reporting in the press about what might or might not be included in a comprehensive nuclear deal with Iran.    We don't technically even know right now if there is going to be a deal, but if there is I think we would all be wise to review the details before passing judgment on whether it is a good deal or bad deal or simply a deal we can live with.    I think it is safe to assume that we are not going to see what I would consider a perfect deal. I have said all along that Iran should have been required to freeze enrichment during the negotiations but they weren't and it is clear that a freeze is not on the table for a comprehensive agreement.    At this stage, we need to focus on making the deal as good as it can be. I am hoping that our witnesses can shed light on a few key areas that, for me, could tip the scales between a bad deal and a deal that we might be able to live with.    First, as part of any comprehensive agreement, we need total clarity about where Iran stands in terms of its ability to weaponize its nuclear material. How far along are they?    Secondly, will the deal give us sufficient time to respond if Iran reneges and presses full throttle toward a nuclear weapon. Is a 1-year break-out period the time until Iran has sufficient enriched uranium to then build a bomb? Is that enough time to catch their violation and react?    Next, how would a comprehensive agreement stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon covertly if they make a decision to sneak out rather than break out? Iran's leaders don't deserve an ounce of trust. We need very strong safeguards.    Lastly, how will we be certain that sanctions relief won't just open the faucet for funding terrorism or fueling the regime's already abysmal human rights record?    In my view, these questions lay out clear markers for what we need to see. Here is the bottom line. If we say yes to a deal, will it be worth unraveling the decades of sanctions and pressure that the United States and our partners have built against Iran?    But if we say no, would we be able to hold the sanctions coalition together, and if we maintain or even increase our sanctions, wouldn't Iran just move full speed ahead toward a bomb?    I know these negotiations have gone on for months and months. I know the P5+1 is under intense pressure to produce something. But we cannot allow those factors to push us into a bad deal being sold as a good deal.    The administration has argued that reaching a deal is the best chance to solve a nuclear crisis diplomatically and avoid another war in the Middle East, that dialing up sanctions at this stage would undermine the talks.    And as I have repeatedly said, I am willing to see what is actually in the deal before passing judgment and I strongly urge my colleagues to do the same.    But make no mistake, Congress will play an important role in the evaluation of a final deal. Again, I want to say that I will not stand by and allow Congress to be marginalized.    Any permanent repeal of sanctions is by law Congress' discretion, and before we do that we must be completely convinced that this deal blocks all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear bomb.    So I look forward to your testimony and hope we can have a frank discussion of these issues and, again, Mr. Chairman, thank you for calling this hearing today.    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me, first, also emphasize that the trepidation that all of us have about these negotiations involves, at least for me, what the chairman said, that any deal that would sunset in 10 years or however much we were very, obviously, concerned about and I know you are well and we, obviously, want to push that back as much as we possibly can because we really just don't trust Iran.    And I think the chairman is right on the mark in terms of our concern with the sunset in 10 years or so. Another thing that has bothered us, you know, and again, as the chairman mentioned, he and I had legislation which passed the House 2 years ago by 400 to 20 and unanimously out of this committee, which involved strong sanctions, and had the Senate followed suit and been signed into law I think we would have been in a much stronger position now.    But one of the things that is really annoying to all of us is that we are sitting and negotiating with Iran over its nuclear program at a time when Iran continues to be a bad actor all around the world.    You take a look at capitals that Iran essentially controls, now Yemen being added to that--Baghdad, Damascus, Beirut. This is not a regime that looks like it wants peace. Iran continues to fuel terrorism around the globe.    It is the number one, in my opinion, state supporter of terrorism around the globe. So I believe that a nuclear agreement should not whitewash the fact that Iran remains a destabilizing actor in the region and funds terrorism.    Now, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps theoretically could take advantage of any sanctions relief that results from an agreement between the P5+1 and Iran because money is fungible. So how could such relief be structured to minimize any benefits to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps?    Mr. Engel. And let us me just say, before Mr. Szubin talks, that is precisely what we are concerned about because Iran is in a deep economic hole.    By having an agreement and releasing that, helping them, so to speak, get out of that hole, we want to, obviously, make sure, and you do as well, obviously, to make sure that the safeguards are in there as well.    That is what makes me nervous because once you lose that leverage it is very, very hard to get back. Mr. Szubin?    Mr. Engel. Let me ask you one final quick question because you mentioned Hezbollah, and I want to say that we all agree that Iran continues to support terrorism and sow instability in the Middle East.    However, the director of national intelligence did not include Iranian terrorism or Hezbollah or any terrorist threat for that matter in the 2015 worldwide threat assessment of the U.S. intelligence communities.    Can you tell me why? That didn't make any sense to me. Or you can--we can talk and you can send me a letter about it.    Mr. Engel. And could not exist if it wasn't for Iran?    Mr. Engel. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.