    Ms. Ing. Thank you very much and thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony, Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko. I will be providing testimony today on low-level radioactive waste compacts, in particular my compact, Texas and Vermont.    As you are well aware, low-level compacts are agreements between two or more States in which one of the States becomes the host State by providing a disposal facility.    The remaining States in that compact are guaranteed access to low-level radioactive waste to that disposal facility. Currently, we have 10 compacts that have been established in this country, 3 of which have disposal facilities.    We have the Richland facility in the Northwest Compact that includes the States around Washington as well as Hawaii and Alaska, and that facility can take Class A, B, and C waste.    We also have the Clive facility in Utah, which is open to all States but it can take only Class A. We also have the Barnwell facility in South Carolina that can take waste from South Carolina, New Jersey and Connecticut.    And then we have my compact, the Texas and Vermont compact, which includes only the State of Texas and Vermont, which guarantees access to all low-level waste generated in Texas and in Vermont.    One of the things unique about my compact is that--and there is the map that has all of the compacts and you can see where I have--we have a facility in the corner of Texas and there are stars where there are facilities that can take low-level radioactive waste in our compact.    One of the things that is unique about my compact is that the State of Texas has passed a statute which allows our compact to accept imports from all the other States, the District of Columbia and territories up to a limit of 275,000 curies per year.    The role--the very important role of my compact which is composed of eight voting members and one alternative, six of those members are put in place by the Governor of Texas. Two, in the alternate, are put in place by the Governor of Vermont.    One of my Texas commissioners by my compact law is required to be a representative of the local community. What that commission does is we take a look at all generators or brokers who may choose to import to our facility and make sure that the applications to import meet all of the criteria for import into our compact.    We also work with the State of Texas to ensure that the waste coming in is acceptable to the owner of the site, the State of Texas. We meet about--approximately every six weeks to approve all of these that we deem are approvable. To date, we have approved almost a hundred import applications that represent imports from 40 States and from Puerto Rico as well as from the District of Columbia.    Overall, we regard what we have been doing has been very successful. It has been a learning process for us. We are the first compact that takes imports this way and learning how generators and brokers work and how our fellow compacts work is that we can work collegiately with our compacts had been a very good process.    But we have been learning and tweaking our process as we learn more.    I would say there are three very important points to make that we have learned through this process. One, because of our facility in the Andrews area, we now have access--in concert with our other facilities we have access to all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and territories in this country for low-level radioactive waste as a result of the compact system as put forth by the Low-Level Waste Policy Act.    Although it may not have been implemented exactly as intended, we do now have waste capacity for everywhere in the United States. The other thing that I think is important to point out is that one of the reasons we have this is because the compacts can exclude waste outside of the compact if it chooses to do so, as was done by the Atlantic compact and was done by the Northwest Compact. That can also be done in ours.    But currently, given how imports assist the country and assist the viability of our facility, and the State of Texas and locals also get fees from that, there is not direction that has been put forward to limit that at this time.    The third and final point I will make is that my commissioners unanimously believe it is important to have a disposal pathway and to do everything in our process and working with generators and brokers to make that pathway available so that as opposed to being stored it is disposed of up to 275,000 curies per year at the facility.    And that concludes my remarks. Thank you very much for allowing me to provide testimony today.    Ms. Ing. That is correct.    Ms. Ing. I know that part of the reason was a policy change as a result of a political process. To the extent there were technical issues as well I would not be aware of those.    Ms. Ing. I believe that would depend on how that compact is set up and to what extent the State legislature would impact that compact. I know in the State of Texas that would be allowed to happen for its host facility in the Texas/Vermont compact.    Ms. Ing. I can say that we--that with the licensing of the facility, the TCEQ, engaged with the facility operator with the risk-based approach. But I can only speak to that facility.    Ms. Ing. Yes. What we feel is the most pressing issue is ensuring--the State of Texas has made it clear to our compact that they will allow 275,000 curies per year into the facility.    It is important for us to understand how our generators and brokers work, who would use the facility and how we can engage in a process with them that will allow as much as up to 275,000 curies into that facility as possible.    There are a number of challenges to generators such as predicting curie values, finding transportation for low-level radioactive waste to the facility, et cetera. We do not want our process to be in any way more cumbersome to that.    So ensuring that we understand the needs of the folks who would use the facility and being able to adapt our process to that is the most pressing issue that we have.    Ms. Ing. I don't know exactly how long it took the facility to be licensed and I am sorry I don't have that answer. I could get it. A lot of people know it.    It took several years. I do know that. I don't know exactly. With regard--I don't want to go too far. The facility could give you a better answer of some of their specific challenges to getting the facility up and going. I think I can speak from my discussions with them that some of the difficulties have been similar to ours.    We are the first compact and they are the first facility to take imports and ensuring--knowing all the different processes that each State, the unaffiliated States and the compacts, have.    For instance, some compacts--the Southwestern Compact, the Central Compact, and the Rocky Mountain Compact require exportation.    We cannot take it until they export it, and every compact has a different way to export. And so learning the nuances of all the different players is one of the challenges I know we have worked with the facility operator, WCS, on.    Ms. Ing. I would be very happy to provide you that.    Ms. Ing. For clarification, my compact did not make that request. That was made by the Texas commission on environmental quality. Since we deal with low-level radioactive waste and greater-than-Class C as we currently understand that definition does not fall within the purview of our compact.    We haven't developed and haven't seen a need to develop a position on that.    Ms. Ing. We do not have any recommendations to improve it either. Our facility has been up and operating just since April of 2012. We are still learning. We still have access and can maintain capacity for all the 50 States and DC and territories.    Ms. Ing. The compact would defer to the host State, Texas, on that matter. Currently, we will allot 275,000 curies per year as per Texas law into that facility. We do not distinguish if the curies come from depleted uranium or another source material.    And all of the authorizations are looked at and reviewed by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality.To the extent through that review or statute they change that position, we would defer to that as a compact.