    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank our witnesses for appearing before the committee today. We certainly all greatly appreciate your service to the Nation and over the course of your very distinguished career, so we thank you for your service.    Secretary Carter and General Dunford, over the past decade, the Department has had to reconcile the reality of a reemerging great power competition with the size and composition of our own military today.    Secretary, I highly commend and am very supportive of your vision for the third offset strategy and look forward to seeing how that unfolds and look forward to being supportive as we make that transformation.    Beyond that, as we evaluate the architecture of our future fighting force, what should the balance between the forward-deployed power and sufficient surge Ready Reserve capacity look like across the services?    Mr. Langevin. Sure. Just saying that as we evaluate the architecture of our fighting force, what should the balance between a forward-deployed power and sufficient surge Ready Reserve capacity look like across the services?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, both of you.    Going back to the third offset strategy--and, again, very supportive of that--and the technology game changing, and it is going to help provide us with the advantages that we need, especially on cybersecurity, which I have been a strong proponent on and other technologies.    But, Secretary, how do you believe we can best direct our investments and our policies to ensure that the progress that we made toward achieving a third offset strategy is sustained into the next administration?    Mr. Langevin. And Secretary Carter, I have been one of the biggest proponents of cybersecurity as a critical warfighting domain during my time in Congress. And I believe it is imperative that the services understand the cybersecurity requirements laid before them when it comes to much-needed DOD programs and weapons systems in order to avoid serious cost impacts and schedule delays.    How are we managing cybersecurity at an enterprise level and incorporating cyber technologies into program requirements sooner? And I guess, we will have to answer that one for the record.    The Chairman. Secretary, if you would, please. Thank you.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you. And I will yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Mrs. Walorski.