    Ms. Titus. Thank you. Thank you all for being here. I am a long-time professor at UNLV, and often have veterans in my classes, and appreciate what they bring to that setting, and to the university.    I know at last Congress we addressed the question of out-of-state tuition. Some of the states already allowed veterans to pay in-state tuition and then that made it nationally, but if we didn't include those from Samoa, we should certainly go back and take a look at that.    Also I was just going to say that I completely agree with the Ranking Member's concern about taking remedial courses and being brought up to speed so that you can succeed once you start taking the regular course work or whatever major you choose.    One of things that has been pointed out to me is the problem with the housing benefit. If you go to college and start your housing benefit when you are taking the remedial course, it will run out before you finish taking the whole degree program, so we ought to look at that benefit as it connects with the GI Bill and I look forward to working with you on that. We have had several conversations about that.    Another thing is the Student Veterans Association at UNLV is a great resource, I work with them often. And one of the things that they brought to my attention is the problem with the need for childcare, especially women veterans going back to school and do not have any access to childcare. Many universities do not provide it on the campus, and the GI Bill does not give you any benefit.    So I am trying to look for ways that we can perhaps do some benefit for childcare while you are in school. And I wondered if you all would work with me on that, if you have any suggestions, if you think that this is a worthwhile way to go, if you have heard about yourselves on your campuses. We can start with Mr. Neiweem and whoever might want to weigh in, I would appreciate it.    Ms. Titus. Right. We have to figure out kind of how to structure it, but I think it is something that can be done that we need to work on. Yes?    Ms. Titus. Well, thank you. I just know that the veterans would be better able to take advantage of the educational opportunities and the employment opportunities if they had that assistance with childcare, so that is what we want to work. I appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.