    Mr. Neiweem. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, on behalf of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, our nearly 400,000 members and supporters, I would like to extend our gratitude for the opportunity to share our views and recommendations regarding these important pieces of legislation.    Starting with H.R. 356, disabled veteran unemployment has consistently been much higher than that of the greater veteran population, hovering at nearly 20 percent. Disabled veterans must be given the support necessary to overcome barriers to employment and achieve economic empowerment.    VR&E exists for that very purpose, and yet many disabled veterans don't know it exists, do not participate, or too often find the services it offers to be inadequate in securing a rewarding career. This legislation would improve the VR&E programs by creating an action plan to identify why the program is underutilized and put steps in place to improve its output.    The recommendations that would stem from its enactment would include an analysis and plan to increase disabled veteran participation. Additionally, a national staff training program would be installed for the counselors charged with implementing the program to ensure the variety of challenges their clients face are understood holistically. Without a fundamental understanding of the conditions a veteran is facing, a counselor will not be positioned to identify how to help the veteran secure a job and begin a rewarding career.    This legislation would improve a program that has been too often regarded as mediocre due to organizational factors that relates to the veteran-counselor relationship.    Turning to H.R. 832, veterans make use of services to assist them in transition for the sole purpose of improving their economic outcomes. Simply put, they want to succeed and secure a brighter financial tomorrow. This legislation would create a comprehensive longitudinal study to determine to what extent the job services veterans use aid them in securing careers.    Identifying which services veterans use and the amount of time they spent on Active Duty, whether or not they are collecting unemployment benefits, whether or not they secure work, and whether or not they stay with those jobs are all key pieces of information, the collection of which this bill would require. The report and data developed through this legislation is needed to ensure these programs are bringing back a return on investment for the veterans who are using them.    Turning to H.R. 1994, over 1 year after the Phoenix wait-list scandal shook the veterans community nationwide, the Department did not fire one employee for wrongdoing related to that incident. IAVA strongly supported the increased accountability provision of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act last year, which gave the VA Secretary increased authority to remove the SES employees who did not serve our veterans to the standard that they earned. We now support in that same spirit expanding this removal authority to the greater VA workforce, notwithstanding whistleblowers, and publicly applaud Chairman Miller for refusing to give the Secretary any less authority than is fully necessary to get the Department back on the right track.    We have heard and agree with DepSec Gibson's testimony a few weeks back, which indicated it is currently too hard to hire and fire employees. This legislation would shorten the appeal period for VA employees engaged in misconduct or poor performance so, in those rare cases of wrongdoing, the Secretary is empowered to take corrective action more briskly. The process of personnel action should not languish in a sea of bureaucracy, as it has been.    I also want to make clear that the vast majority of the VA workforce does a fantastic job of serving our veterans every single day and too often does not receive enough praise. The sooner we get real reforms to stick, the sooner the headlines of misconduct will fade.    And in VA's testimony today you will read the false assumption that by enacting this piece of legislation it will result in disenheartment in the workforce and that employees could leave because of less protections. But the fact is, and VA states it, people serve at the VA because they want to serve veterans. And 90 percent, probably more, do a great job every day. And the idea of getting rid of those few folks the Department has proven they haven't been able to since last summer will improve morale, not reduce it.    H.R. 2133, we strongly support this legislation. It would allow a veteran transitioning away from Active Duty to receive additional education, career, and technical or entrepreneurial training. This would empower servicemembers to give them an early advantage in transitioning back to the workforce.    Turning to H.R. 2275, this legislation would create a fourth administration at VA that would align all veterans education, transition, and job placement programs under one agency entitled the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration. This new administration would be led by the Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity.    Veterans we have spoken to have long reported overlapping services have clouded options rather than clarified them. GAO reports and feedback from our annual member survey have indicated the performance of LVERs and DVOPS under DOL-VETS has been stagnant at best and not shown the improvement needed to help veterans secure rewarding careers.    Ineffective oversight and incongruent placement of this service within a myriad of other programs over at DOL has not proven to be a positive fit, so we strongly support the legislation.    I will yield back and am happy to answer any other questions about any other bills.    