    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am glad to join the subcommittee this morning as we review the Department of Labor's regulatory agenda to promote shared prosperity and help hard working Americans.    It is past time for the Department to update the Fair Labor Standards Act's exemption for overtime pay. When enacted, the intent of the white collar exemption was to exempt those with sufficient power in the labor market who are able to advocate for better wages and hours for themselves. That is clearly not the case today.    In 1975, more than 60 percent of salaried workers were eligible for overtime. Now, only 8 percent of workers are eligible.    The $23,000 threshold is outdated and below the poverty level for a family of four. Americans are working longer hours and are more productive, yet their wages are largely flat. Updating the overtime exemption will help millions of workers make ends meet and give an added boost to our economy.    My first question is for Ms. Owens. Ms. Owens, there has been a lot of discussion about the proposed overtime regulation's impact on job creation. I have been able to come and hear some of that from your fellow panelists.    The Department has updated the salary level seven times since the Fair Labor Standards Act became law in 1938. Can you talk generally about how industry has complied with these adjustments? Is there a history of significant job loss attendant to these regulations?    You mentioned a National Retail Federation report--I will stop there. Go ahead.    Mr. Takano. You mentioned a National Retail Federation report about job creation in your written testimony. Can you just elaborate on that a little?    Mr. Takano. It is really a matter of fairness to the worker who is earning a low income who may be classified to the advantage of the employer as a manager, a manager who is earning a relatively low salary, and because of that classification, they are having to work extra hours.    They now have more time with their family, but that employer has to make a decision, a fair decision, the right decision, to hire a second person, give the original employee time with their family, and in fact, the regulation can have the effect of creating jobs.