    Mr. Trumbull. Well, thank you, Madam Chairwoman, Ranking Member Speier, and members of this committee.    I appreciate your invitation to appear here today on the important matter of detainee transfers from Guantanamo Bay detention facility.    I am also honored to be here along with my colleague, Department of Defense special envoy Paul Lewis.    The special envoy for Guantanamo closure serves as the State Department's lead negotiator for the transfer of Guantanamo's detainees abroad, and my office has a primary responsibility for managing the diplomatic issues related to the facility.    My office also plays a leading role in the interagency process that determines when and where a detainee is transferred, as well as the periodic review process for those detainees not currently approved for transfer. In addition, we work closely with our embassies around the world to follow up on the progress of detainees who have been transferred to other countries.    It has been an honor to contribute to this administration's goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, a process that started under the Bush administration. As President Obama has stated, the detention facility at Guantanamo, ``Weakens our national security by draining resources, damaging our relationships with key allies and partners, and emboldening violent extremists.''    World leaders consistently call on us to finally close Guantanamo, including Pope Francis just last month. From a foreign affairs perspective, I cannot overstate the fact that Guantanamo is a serious irritant in our relationships with important partners and allies, and interferes with our cooperation on issues ranging from security and counterterrorism to the promotion of human rights.    As the acting special envoy, my and Paul's primary focus is to transfer the 54 detainees who are currently approved for transfer. Now, ``approved for transfer'' is an extremely important designation because it reflects the considered unanimous judgment of national security experts from six agencies that an individual detainee can and should be transferred, subject to appropriate security measures. That is, a detainee is approved for transfer only when defense, diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement professionals determine that the detainee's transfer is consistent with U.S. national security and foreign policy interests.    Detainees can be approved for transfer in one of two ways. The vast majority of the 54 individuals currently approved for transfer were approved by the 2009 Executive order task force, which included representatives from the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. This rigorous interagency process collected and considered all reasonably available information concerning the detainees at Guantanamo Bay.    The decision to approve a detainee for transfer required the unanimous consensus of these six departments and agencies, and it reflected the best predictive judgment of senior government officials that any threat posed by the detainee could be sufficiently mitigated through feasible and appropriate security measures in the receiving country.    As the publicly available task force report notes, many of these detainees were at most low-level fighters and are ``appropriate candidates for transfer from a threat perspective in light of their limited skills, minor organizational roles, or other factors.''    A detainee can also be approved for transfer by the Periodic Review Board. The PRB is in the process of considering detainees who are not currently approved for transfer, facing charges in the military commission, or are awaiting or serving their military commission sentence.    The PRB panel consists of one voting member from the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Justice, and State, as well as the Joint Staff and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. The PRB's mandate is to determine whether the continued detention of a detainee is necessary to protect against a continuing significant threat to the national security of the United States. Detainees appearing before the PRB are assigned a personal representative and have the opportunity to be represented by a private counsel at no cost to the government. Detainees can provide an oral and a written statement, submit evidence, call witnesses, and elect to answer questions posed by the board members.    Thus far, the PRB has reviewed the cases of 12 individuals, and has reached a final determination in 9 of those cases. Of the nine detainees whose results have been finalized, six were approved for transfer, and three were designated for continued detention. This track record should make clear that the PRB is not a rubber stamp for either transfer or continued detention.    Now, I just want to talk a little bit about the detainee transfers that Paul has also gone over. We have made significant progress in transferring those detainees who are approved for transfer. As Paul noted, 28 detainees were transferred in 2014, and 5 detainees have been resettled thus far this year. The 54 remaining detainees who are approved for transfer can and should be transferred from Guantanamo, subject to appropriate security measures and humane treatment assurances.    It is important to note that the decision to approve a detainee for transfer is not the end of the process. Prior to any transfer, the intelligence community provides an updated assessment of the individual, as well as an assessment of the receiving country's capabilities. We also work extensively with receiving governments to ensure that measures have been or will be taken to substantially mitigate the threat that the individual will engage or reengage in activity that threatens the United States or United States persons or interests.    Our rigorous approach to transfers, which looks both at the potential threat posed by the individual and the measures that the receiving country has taken or will take, is effective. According to the most recent public report from ODNI, of the detainees transferred under this administration only 6.8 percent are confirmed and only 1.1 percent are suspected of engaging in hostile or uncertain activity.    While we take every instance of reengagement seriously, the important point is that over 90 percent of these individuals are not even suspected, much less confirmed of engaging in hostile activities after their release.    Now one challenge we face in our effort to close Guantanamo is the fact that many of the detainees approved for transfer cannot be returned to their home country due to the security or humane treatment concerns. As former special envoy Sloan wrote in New York Times, these individuals are not the worst of the worst, but rather they are the detainees at Guantanamo with the worst luck. Of the 54 detainees currently approved for transfer, 47, for example, are from Yemen. Members of this committee are certainly aware of the security situation in that country. This administration has not transferred a Guantanamo detainee to Yemen since 2010. And our current focus is resettling those individuals in third countries.    In the past several months we have resettled 12 Yemenis to 5 different countries. It is a testament to our strong standing internationally that numerous countries have been willing to provide homes for those individuals who cannot be returned to their home country and who should not remain at Guantanamo solely because of the security situation in Yemen. These countries should be commended for taking this important humanitarian step and for the contribution to the President's goal of closing Guantanamo in a secure and responsible manner.    Looking forward, our goals for 2015 are clear. First, we must transfer all of those detainees approved for transfer, the vast majority of whom have been approved for 5 years. Second, we must continue and expedite the PRB process. In both of these efforts, I look forward to working closely with Paul Lewis and with my interagency colleagues, as well as members of this committee.    Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    