    Mr. HOFFMAN. Subcommittee Chairman Hanna, Chairman Hardy, Ranking Member Adams, and members of this Committee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today about the issues surrounding the cumulative burden of President Obama's executive orders on small contractors.    My name is James Hoffman, and I am the President of Summer Consulting, a mechanical, electrical, and plumbing engineering firm, headquartered in McLean, Virginia. Summer Consultants is a small business with 36 people, and we have been in the federal marketplace for over 50 years.    My firm is an active member of the American Council of Engineering Companies, the voice of America's engineering industry. ACEC's over 5,000 member firms represent hundreds of thousands engineers and other specialists throughout the country that are engaged in a wide range of engineering work that propel the Nation's economy and enhance and safeguard America's quality of life. Almost 85 percent of these firms are small businesses. ACEC appreciates the efforts that the Department of Labor and the FAR Council play to ensure compliance with labor laws. The industry is committed to following the rules, but the Federal Government must understand the burdens on the private sector and that the cost is passed on to the government with duplicative requirements.    The blacklisting rule creates burdens for engineering firms and other contractors working for federal agencies. While we understand the rationale behind the order, it should be noted that the bad actors are less than 0.01 percent of the total contracting workforce. Let me repeat that, less than 0.01 percent of the total contracting workforce.    The Sick Leave Executive Order also creates unnecessary administrative and financial burdens on contractors. While the Council supports paid sick leave, the amount of reporting and the changes required to implement the rule create more expense for contractors and the government. Most of the Council's firms offer equivalent paid sick leave, so the requirement is repetitive.    These orders create a more burdensome and expensive process for federal contractors, which drives up taxpayer costs while driving businesses out of the Federal market. For example, my firm is a prime contractor and manages many subcontractors. Under the blacklisting rule, I will have to preclear my subcontractors before I develop a response. Developing a response takes time and focus away from other business as I develop the full scope of the requirements to make sure that the subcontractors have the business and ethical credentials to help me win the work. I question that I will be able to consult with both the contracting officer and the agency labor compliance advisor to find out if these subcontractors are okay, and I am concerned about the alleged labor violations, or violations that are beyond the 3-year period will be held against my firm or any subcontractors during the solicitation and within the context of the contract.    My firm already reports compliance with the required rules and orders up to the applicable agency. Adding another set of reporting that is duplicative increases my overhead. Engineering firms across the Nation complain that contracting officers are looking to reduce firm overhead and expenses in this tight budget environment.    Under the Sick Time rule, engineering firms also face increased overhead by mandating employee weekly sick time reports. This requires new systems and potentially adds employees to implement the changes, and generally, firms are typically paid on a monthly or biweekly cycle and report sick leave and other time off with each pay period. Member firms respond that implementation costs in the first year are estimated to be in excess of $50,000, with additional costs in the subsequent years.    Both these rules will add to the overhead that the government is already trying to limit. Implementation of these rules will further add to those overhead expenses, putting firms in a difficult situation of possibly leaving the federal marketplace, which dilutes competition for critical services as taxpayers or adding costs to the agency if the expenses are accepted.    I ask that the Committee consider asking the FAR Council and the Department of Labor to withdraw the proposed sick time guidance and the final blacklisting guidance, to redraft it to better align with the current contracting process. I also ask that the members of this Committee support either the House or Senate NDAA language to limit implementation of the FAR rule and DOL guidance.    Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing, and I will be happy to respond to any questions from the Committee members.    Mr. HOFFMAN. Yes, sir. Having a greater voice in these regulations is important, and the Office of Advocacy does an excellent job in listening to small businesses. We feel that greater input from the small and large business community into this far-reaching regulation is necessary to make it workable.    Mr. HOFFMAN. I will start. There are opportunities for large firms to participate with small firms in the federal market, there was recently passed legislation for mentor-protege. There are also other agreements, and recently there is the new Small Business Multi-Tier rule that is allowing prime contractors to count small business subcontracts to their goal. Ultimately, this is helping the agency to meet their small business goals. I think there is still opportunity for large firms to partner with small firms to get work done.    Mr. HOFFMAN. My question is how are we going to, for example, vet our subcontractors? I just had the opportunity to negotiate overhead rates with a government agency and they were pointing to one of the consultants as to having low overhead or lower rates on a different contract. I asked, well, what contract or what is the name of that firm so I can reference it? While they gave me the last four, they were not even willing to give me the name of the contractor. If they will not give me the name of the contractor in a straightforward environment, when will the government give me the name of a contractor which potentially is negative and they are worried about backlash or something like that? So I am concerned myself.    Mr. HOFFMAN. Right now, it is not clear to me the concept of, first of all, that something is going to occur in 3 days. Our experience with contracting officers is things do not happen that quickly. If it is an issue of an allegation, perhaps there should be an investigation. Is that adequate time to do that? Are we going to provide records or provide information to the private sector so that we can select our teammates correctly? I gave an example earlier as to whether that actually happens. I gave a very simple example, we cannot even identify who is the prime contract on a contract number, though at some point I will figure it out. So, I have some doubts.    Ultimately, it seems to me, Ms. Adams, that we have these different reports and the government collects them. If we could take the information that we already have and act upon that and put in a secure deposit repository, collect all the information that we are already collecting, that would be a good idea. It strikes me that the government has fantastic intentions, but we have a significant amount of regulation, and not all regulation is good. We would really like to go ahead and design innovative solutions for our clients and not looking back at forms and annual reports and this and that. Potentially hiring people to do administrative compliance is not growing the business.