    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate you all being here today. I think it has been very informative. I want to ask the general a question about the defense acquisition workforce, and I give it high marks, and I am pleased to see that because it does make a lot of sense to me to go in that direction and to have a trained workforce.    And one of the other comments I heard today was concern about our access to commercial technology because of the bureaucracy. Do you think it would be wise to work within that group, that trained workforce, for them to make recommendations to, as you called it, a tightening up of the process? I am familiar with the process. It is a good set of checks and balances, but very time-consuming and there may be steps that can be expedited or skipped. Would they be a good source to recommend changes there?    General Williamson. Sir, that is a great observation. You know we always want to reach out to the workforce. There are two areas that I think they provide a lot of insight. As you know, part of what drives the process, part of what drives the system, are really two areas: Fairness, how am I making sure that this process is fair, meets regulations? And then how am I reducing risk throughout this process? So just like on production lines out in industry, you should go to the folks who are actually doing the work and take recommendations from them.    Now, we do have some feedback mechanisms to do that, but I think to your point, that is something that we need to go back out. So I think the language that we received in this most recent NDAA gives us a lot of opportunities to improve the acquisition system. What we have to do is leverage that, go back out to the communities and see how we can improve within our own selves before we come back and ask for something else.    Dr. Wenstrup. And I think what is attractive amongst that group is there is so much of a crossover of uniformed and civilian employees, and maybe some came from the private sector, right. And I am asking more than saying. But it seems to me that that would be a good mix of people in cooperation with the private sector folks. How can we change this system to make it still very effective, still reducing risk, but get the job done sooner?    General Williamson. Yes, sir. So I think you are right. In terms of the best practices, so your point is a good one that I need to make sure I take away. And that it is not just from the government civilians that we have as well as the uniformed, but we also have defense contractors and other folks who have a set of best practices. We always take a look at how we incorporate those, but we also have to make sure that we are looking beyond our own borders to see whether there are improvements that we could make.    Dr. Wenstrup. Currently, do they have an opportunity to weigh in with us, the outside components?    General Williamson. I get lots of feedback from my industry partners.    Dr. Wenstrup. I am sure you do in one way or the other, but I mean in a constructive way.    General Williamson. I think I would offer that it is probably not as formal as I think you are leaning toward. There is always a tremendous amount of interaction between program managers and their industry counterparts and then across all of the functions within a program office. I think what I would look at is, how is that done structurally in a more formal manner?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Well, I thank you very much.    I do have another question for you, Mr. Stackley. I have become aware that our only source of domestic enriched uranium and tritium, which you know you need to acquire for our nuclear subs, the DOE is going to shut that down, and we will not have a domestic source. Does that concern you from an acquisition standpoint?    Dr. Wenstrup. I will follow up with you.    Dr. Wenstrup. Formerly called.    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. We will pick another time. Thank you, sir.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman.