    Chairman Neugebauer. The Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``National Credit Union Administration Operations and Budget.'' Before I begin, I would like to note that there are several National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) staff members here today. And committee policy is one staff member per witness. This is to ensure public participation. In the event we have more public audience members come in, we will ask some of the NCUA staff to head to our overflow room upstairs.    I would like to thank Chairman Matz for being flexible with our schedule. As you know, we were scheduled to have this hearing tomorrow. And then the leadership decided we weren't going to be here tomorrow. The Chair was gracious enough to change her schedule. And we appreciate that.    I am going to now recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement. Good afternoon to the committee. Financial institutions are the backbone of Main Street America. Credit unions particularly share a unique relationship with communities. After all, they are the core of the cooperatives. They help bring unserved and underserved customers into the financial mainstream. They provide the first credit card for young adults trying to build credit. They help the first-time home buyer purchase the home they have been dreaming of. And often they are the last corporate citizen left standing in many rural districts, including many areas of my own district. Perhaps most importantly, though, they are experts on relationship banking, helping to customize products to fit the needs of their customer base.    Unfortunately, credit unions, like community banks, are suffering from the one-size-fits-all regulatory actions of the Federal regulators. For example, some credit unions now undergo stress testing like their larger bank counterparts. Because of this increased regulatory burden and the related compliance costs, we have seen a massive consolidation of credit unions, and inflexible product standardization, which has limited some of the customer choices.    Data from the National Credit Union Administration shows that we lost nearly 1,000 credit unions between 2010 and 2014. This trend presents a threat to communities across the country, especially rural and semi-urban areas such as the 19th District of Texas. I worry that without some regulatory flexibility, credit unions will be less able to meet local needs, will stop offering products, or consolidate. To me, this signals problems in the health of the credit union industry.    Today's hearing will mark the first time since 2011 that the NCUA Chair has testified before Congress. As with any Federal agency, it is imperative that we conduct vigorous oversight of budgeting and operations. This ensures that the money paid into the system by the credit unions is being spent appropriately and that the taxpayers remain protected by a strong Share Insurance Fund. Further, it ensures rigorous debate of policy decisions made by the NCUA.    NCUA has undertaken significant regulatory policy changes under Chair Matz's leadership. And it is necessary to understand how these actions are affecting the health of the credit union system. Today, our Members will get to tackle both of those tasks. During today's hearing, I am hopeful that Chair Matz will address two issues in particular.    First, NCUA's budget has increased each year since 2008, sometimes in double digit percentages. However, during the same time, the number of credit unions has dropped by nearly a quarter. I hope to hear Chair Matz outline clear justifications for this budget increase that does not appear to be matched to other supervisory demands.    Second, I am concerned that the NCUA has not appropriately outlined how it will address the industry's best practice of using capital buffers on top of regulatory capital requirements. The NCUA must clearly signal how it plans to supervise this industry's best practice to ensure capital is efficiently put to use and that there remains robust and safe credit availability for our constituents.    I look forward to hearing Chair Matz's perspective on these important issues and more during today's hearing. Thank you.    And now, with that, I yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Clay.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta, is recognized for 1 minute.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentlewoman from Arizona, Ms. Sinema, is recognized for 1 minute.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    Today, we welcome Debbie Matz, the Chair of the National Credit Union Administration. Chair Matz was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as the eighth Board Chair of the National Credit Union Administration after confirmation by the U.S. Senate on August 7, 2009. She was sworn in as the Chair on August 24, 2009. Ms. Matz served on the NCUA Board from January 2002 to October 2005, and is the first NCUA Board member to return for a second turn. She was nominated for her first term by President George W. Bush. As the NCUA Chair, Ms. Matz heads the independent agency overseeing the regulation and supervision of the Federal credit unions and the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF), which protects the accounts of over 6,500 federally-insured credit unions serving more than 96 million members, and managing more than $1.1 trillion in assets.    Chair Matz, we are glad to have you here. You are now recognized for 5 minutes. And without objection, your written testimony will be made a part of the record.    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    Chair Matz, the NCUA approved a budget in 2015 by a vote of 2 to 1 of $279.4 million, an increase of 4.2 percent. Over the last 7 years, the average increase in the budget has been about 8.49 percent and is much--one, year I think it was 13 percent. This kind of contrasts dramatically from the budget, say, of the FDIC, which has been decreasing its operating costs for the last 5 years, including 3 percent for 2015. And they cut 325 positions this year.    NCUA has reported to Congress that credit unions performed well during the financial crisis and continue to grow and serve their members. Further, the NCUA has previously justified these budget increases by saying the credit unions have become more complex. Can you kind of walk us through this pretty large budget increase, how it is justified, and kind of elaborate how credit unions have become more complex?    Chairman Neugebauer. Let me change direction here, because we have a limited amount of time. A review of the NCUA's inspector general materials, loss reviews for the limited number of credit union failures during the financial crisis, reveals that the NCUA examiners did routinely identify problems on a timely basis. In other words, the examiners, it is not the issue that we had enough examiners, but the problem, and they indicated they did uncover the problems, but what the report did indicate was that it wasn't a function of not detecting the problems but the proper follow-up. And so, it would lead one to believe that what we don't need is more examiners, but evidently, we need more competent examiners. What is your response to the report that said that your folks found out the problems but didn't deal with them appropriately?    Chairman Neugebauer. So the number of credit unions has decreased by 25 percent, but the budget has gone up. That seems to be contradictory.    Chairman Neugebauer. My time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Ranking Member Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. Posey has stepped out, so we are going to recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, for 5 minutes. He has also stepped out.    Let's go to the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired. I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, for 5 minutes.    I will say to the Members, I am going to try to strictly adhere to the 5-minute rule. We are going to have votes here in a little bit. And I would like to get as many Members in as possible before that. We do plan, if Members intend to continue with the hearing, to come back after votes. But we would like to get through as many as we can.    Mr. Posey, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I'm sorry, the gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I will now go to the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, a member of the full Financial Services Committee, be allowed to join the panel and ask questions.    Without objection, Mr. Royce is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman, and now the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Fitzpatrick, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. I would like to thank Chair Matz for appearing before the panel today.    And, without objection, I would like to submit the following statements for the record: the Independent Community Bankers of America; the American Bankers Association; the National Association of Federal Credit Unions; the Credit Union National Association; the National Association of State Credit Union Supervisors; and the Joint State Banking Trade letter.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place her responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    I would also like to recognize some folks who are working for the people in the 19th District. We have some interns who are here at the hearing today, and we are glad to have them and glad to have them up for this summer.    Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.