    Mr. Thorne. There, I have got my microphone. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and other members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me today.    I have not worked in the government in this area, but I have represented companies on both sides, bringing cases at the ITC, defending cases at the ITC, bringing injunction cases in Federal district court, defending against injunction cases in district court.    And since the written testimony is going to be submitted, I just thought I would summarize a little bit about why, from the private point of view, why would somebody bring a case to the ITC, as opposed to going to district court? And as you have seen in the numbers, that both forums are usually available. We did a quick count of the cases we believe were NPE cases at the ITC--NPE meaning non-practicing entities of the ITC. We did a quick count to see, well, how many of those organizations were American companies that could have been sued in district court?    And the answer is almost all of them. And it is something like two-thirds of all the cases, not just NPE cases, but all of them, actually have a parallel district court case, as the Chairman pointed out at the beginning.    So you have a choice. You can sue at the ITC, you can sue at the district. What are the considerations? I count four. I do not know if, in my 5 minutes, I will get through all four, but the first one is leverage. Just pure leverage.    I have an example similar to the one the Chairman opened with, similar to the Broadcom case, which I was involved in. My example involved one New York company bringing an ITC case against another New York company. One was in Manhattan, the other was in Long Island. They were maybe 20 miles apart. They could have sued in the eastern district of New York, probably in the southern district of New York, maybe other places where they did business. But the plaintiff who I represented picked the ITC because its remedy would be uniquely leveraging--if I can use the L word--it gave power--if we succeeded in obtaining a recommended exclusion order, that would give a lot of leverage.    Now, the defendant, or the respondent in the case was a cable TV company. Most of their business is people installing wires, fiber optic cables to homes, and managing central hubs where the TV signals come in. They engage with programmers, the Hollywood and New York programming.    So almost all of the American activity of the respondent had nothing to do with what we targeted. We targeted the set top boxes, which they imported, or some of the components of the set top box were imported. We had a patent that covered one of the many functions of the set top box.    So you have got a fairly complicated business doing lots of things, but if they want to add a customer, they need another set top box; or if a customer's box breaks, they need to replace the set top box. The set top box itself is kind of complicated, many thousands of functions inside it. We had a patent that addressed one of the functions.    The ITC remedy would allow us to stop them adding customers, because one of the many functions in the set top box was infringing a patent we owned. So we could go to district court, and what I think would have happened at district court is, under the eBay case, under the normal balancing of equities the district courts conduct, the district court would say, ``Well, I see a harm to the plaintiff. Your patent is being infringed.    But I see a much greater harm to the defendant because it is got a large business that will be disrupted if they cannot get set top boxes. In fact, I see a harm to the public because, you know, it is basketball season. You want to watch games.'' And so, if you balance the harms the way a district court does in a normal injunction case, I think the district court would have said, ``Well, let's measure your money damages.'' You will get money for the patent infringement. Maybe over some period of time, the defendant will be required to stop the infringement, but no immediate loss of ability to add customers. That would not have been the remedy at district court. So where do you get leverage? You get leverage at the     Now, I have also brought injunction cases in the district court. I brought a case against a startup telephone company, and I won a damage remedy for $50 million, and I won an injunction, and I then traded the injunction for all the money they had, which was quite a bit more than 50 million. I gave a portion of that to intercity educational charities. We were pleased to do a little bit of good in the case. But you get leverage with an injunction. That was a case where an injunction in district court was deserved, based on the facts. But the difference between a damage remedy and injunctive remedy is, there is a lot of daylight there.    So just briefly, three other reasons that you might consider the ITC instead of a district court, as one of former Commissioner Okun's partners advertises, the ITC is less likely to invalidate patents, just--that is in practice.    The same rules apply, but the ITC tends to throw out a bad patent about half as often as a district court. The ITC will enforce standard essential patents. That is a patent that governs a standard. And last, the ITC does not follow what this Congress passed in 2011 that says you cannot bring in 30 or 40 or 50 different respondents in a single case. You have to sue them individually in district court. Thank you very much.    Mr. Thorne. My personal belief, not on behalf of any client, is that----    Mr. Thorne . The Supreme Court's law--and in fact, the history of the court's application of equitable principles is the right way to approach that. Injunctions are powerful tools. They are sometimes necessary, they are sometimes just the right remedy. I have won them and thought I was right in winning them. But if money will work, that is the alternative. If your harm as a plaintiff is less than the harm you are inflicting, it is appropriate to deny the injunction.    Mr. Thorne. You see, this is a confusion I have, and I apologize for--I hope this answers the question. 337C, which lists what does the ITC do if it finds a violation, says ``all equitable defenses may be presented''--in all cases. The ITC has power in its current statute to recognize equitable defenses.    The ITC, when eBay was decided by the Supreme Court, could have said, ``You know what? We are going to improve our process, too. We are going to balance the equities, because equitable defenses are in our statute.'' And they made a choice, ``Nah, eBay is not for us. Our statute is different.'' And the Federal circuit supported that out of Chevron deference, so they chose a different path.    Mr. Thorne. That is correct.    Mr. Thorne. I just want to strongly say that, in my personal view, if a district court remedy is available, that is where the case belongs. There are some situations----    Mr. Thorne. It should be exclusive. There would be no reason for the ITC to do something duplicative. The ITC should dismiss an investigation that either has been filed in a district court--in a parallel case in a district court or could be filed in a district court, because otherwise it is not just that you have got two forums that would be available. One forum has very different rules and will attract cases that can exploit those differences.    Mr. Thorne. Mr. Chairman, may I follow up on that for just a second?    Mr. Thorne. The situation that Doctor Scott Morton referred to, where you have a standard essential patent, a patent necessary to practice a standard, where the patent holder has promised to seek only a reasonable royalty--not to go try to shut you down, but only seek a reasonable royalty--in that situation, it may be an example where you could go to a district court and say, ``Wait a minute. The patent holder is doing something beyond what it promised to do. Please make them stop.'' And you get an injunction not against the ITC but against the attempted assertion by the person that had committed to fair licensing.    Mr. Thorne. Thank you for those questions. First of all, on the effect of the Supreme Court's eBay decision, it is been my experience that that caused a shift, but it was also the ITC's own experience. So in their 2012 budget request, they wrote to Congress. Since the United States Supreme Court 2006 eBay decision, which has made it more difficult for patent holders that do not themselves practice a patent to obtain injunctions in district court, exclusion orders have increasingly been sought by non-practicing entities that hold U.S. patents. That is the ITC writing to Congress in its 2012 request.    Now, the numbers of NPE cases reached a peak in, I think, 2011 or 2012. I reported numbers in my testimony based on--there is a company that is good at analyzing these cases called RPX. But what we counted was not the number of investigations launched, but the number of companies sued. And under the 2011 American Invents Act, in Federal district court, you now have--you cannot sue 30 companies or 40 companies or 50 companies that you say all infringe the patent. You can only sue people that are involved in the same transaction or occurrence.    And so what the ITC can do with one case against 30 companies, this is the same thing that would be 30 cases in Federal district court. Counting it that way, the NPE docket of the ITC is still at about one quarter.    Mr. Thorne. The number of cases, as I said, is probably not the way you want to measure it. The way you want to measure is the number of companies that are sued. Each company will be allowed and will need to present its own claim constructions, its own non-infringement defense, its own invalidity defense.    There is some coordination between companies, but there is also often a difficulty to get everybody on the same page because they have got different products that are differently accused. It is a kind of bedlam where in 2011, as part of the America Invents Act, Congress said for district courts we are not going that anymore.    In district court, it is not enough to say you all infringe the same patent. You are entitled to your own day in court and a separate case. So taking the cue from Congress, I would count the numbers based on how many respondents are sued. And by those numbers, one quarter of the cases at the ITC over the last 3 years have been NPE cases.    Mr. Thorne. Could I jump in with a supplemental answer?    Mr. Thorne. When Ms. Okun was the chair of the agency, there was the dispute that the Chairman mentioned between Broadcom and Qualcomm. The one patent on which everything hinged was an idea for how to save battery life on a phone. All the phones that were imported into the U.S. using 3G technology, all the phones, were threatened by a battery-saving idea. There are millions and millions of--these are marvels of engineering--there are millions of functions embedded in these. There are some fraction of a million patents that read on those functions. This is a battery-saving idea that was worth pennies.    And the administrative law judge, using what I would have thought was a district court-like common sense, said, ``I see the violation. The battery patent is infringed. But we are not going to have an exclusion order. The Commission reversed that and said, ``No, we are going to have an exclusion order against not just the chips that were defended by Qualcomm, the party in the case, but all these other people that were not there. Their phones were going to be excluded.    Mr. Thorne. Can I jump in on the copyright question?    Mr. Thorne. Let me disclose first that I represented the Internet Association in the case you refer to----    Mr. Thorne . In the Federal Circuit. And the Internet Association was extremely concerned that the way the Internet works it slashes back and forth across the borders. At any given time of day you may be served out of Europe or Asia, and there is no way to easily distinguish a particular transmission that might be accused as infringing. The benefit of the ITC--I want to give to credit occasionally of having customs police at the borders is irrelevant to the Internet.    Mr. Thorne. The ITC admitted that their exclusion order remedy could not apply in that case and therefore they fell back to what was supposed to be a softer secondary remedy, the cease and desist order. The Federal circuit got that decision right. I understand the ITC is at a decision point as of today whether they should ask the Supreme Court to review the case. And that would be the first Supreme Court review of an ITC case in a context where the ITC really does not have a role.    Mr. Thorne. I can quickly answer that.    Mr. Thorne. In my written testimony, the number of companies sued by NPEs hit a high point in 2012, of 54 percent of the companies sued that year. In the last 3 years, 2013, 2014, 2015, the number of NPE-sued companies is now down to a quarter of the docket. So 75 percent are not sued by NPEs, but a quarter still are.    Mr. Thorne. I believe that if a patent holder in a standards form--these are where competitors come together to collaborate--one of the rare exceptions----    Mr. Thorne. In that situation you make promise--I will enforce my patent only by asking for reasonable royalties. If you breach that promise by seeking an exclusion order from the ITC, I believe a district court has power to enjoin that breach and continued actions in support of that breach so that you could enjoin someone who had gone to the ITC.    Now I read the statute differently than Ms. Okun. I believe that the ability to stay a district court decision is in the--that that option is held by the person sued, not the patent holder.    Mr. Thorne. Right.    Mr. Thorne. Well, my prediction is that if the ITC asks the Supreme Court to take the question, should the ITC start working on the Internet, I believe the Supreme Court will decline that invitation.