    Mr. Clawson. Thank you for coming, Ambassador, and I think your job is a wonderful way to spend a life helping people and families like this. So congratulations and thank you for that.    Since I have been here in Washington, DC, we have talked about trade a lot. We just did the TPA agreement. We are now on the verge of the TPP agreement and so let me give you just a little bit of context, Ambassador, why I bring that up.    The U.S. is, roughly, a third of the GDP in the world, a little less than that. We are everyone's engine for economic growth and prosperity. No one does anything to lift up the poor in their country without trading with us, basically, for all intents and purposes.    Our trade deficit every month is $40 billion. That is the deficit every month--$40 billion, roughly. If the price of oil goes up, that goes up a little bit.    And so we are the economic engine for everyone, which creates leverage like I don't know--you know, every negotiated relationship in the world is based on leverage, as far as I can tell, and if that $40 billion a month doesn't create leverage with people I don't know what does.    We see Japanese-made cars. We see Korean-made cars. We all go to Wal-Mart. That's 90 percent Chinese-made goods, roughly.    We know what the Indians sell here, the Brazilians. I mean, I go down--when I went down the list today as I was reviewing the data for this committee, I looked at all these people that we have enormous economic leverage. They cannot live without us.    Now, if the administration is not serious enough to take their bacon away then what are we all sitting around here talking about?    We could solve corporate espionage tomorrow. We could solve kidnapped children tomorrow, in a month--one Executive order. Give our kids back or you don't get to sell your cars over here. Give our kids back or you don't get to sell your software over here. And if we don't do that how can we say we are serious? Because then we just send the money--and by the way, it costs--all those imported vehicles just cost good-paying jobs for hard-working Americans.    They just go away anyway. So we let our jobs go away at $40 billion a month and to add insult to injury they don't have to bring our kids back.    Now, I am not getting this. I am new to it. I hear what you all are saying about, you know, cancelled trips and cancelled that.    But as long as they are sending billions of dollars in here, making a living on our economy, and we are never doing--we are never using that leverage I don't see this changing. I really don't.    And so, you know, anything I can do to help but as a former business executive, you know, we had plants all over the world. These are nice people in these countries.    But until we hit them in the pocketbook nothing is going to happen, in my view. And so if you will take that back. Now, if my world is too simplistic and you are seeing something different than I am seeing, let me know.    But the only thing I think these folks will understand is if we take a shot at where it hurts and that is in the trade agreements and it can't go forever.    I mean, we could do it tomorrow, in my view. This is all very, very solvable as soon as we take a shot at their imports that come into our country.    Am I--you know, sorry for the passion here but am I--am I too simplistic in my--in my view here, Ambassador?    Ambassador Bond. Mr. Clawson, when I was working on the same issue 10 years ago, the countries that I was most focused on were Switzerland and Germany and Japan--been out there. Switzerland and Germany aren't on the list anymore because we have a very good working relationship.    We are good Hague partners. If children are taken, they come home. Very often children don't get taken because the advice that the parent gets who is kind of looking into--maybe checking with a lawyer, here's what I am thinking of doing--they are told don't even bother, your children will be brought right back.    Now, when we were originally talking with Switzerland and Germany 10 years ago there were judges in those countries that were saying why would I return a kid to the United States--it is better to grow up here in Germany and this child has a German passport and a German mother.    So I am not interested in the Hague Conventions.    That isn't true anymore. So I can't agree with the idea that the only thing that anybody listens to is a threat of financial harm.    I completely agree that the tools that are written into the new law are valuable ones and that they are ones that have to be under consideration for use, and they are.    But I do not agree that the best way to approach an issue is to say well, all right, you know, you have had 6 months and we told you these sanctions were out there so now we are going to come out with guns blazing.    Mr. Clawson. Remember--remember, Ambassador, most of these countries don't allow our products into their countries. So you have people with enormous import tariffs.    We don't have any import tariffs on what they ship in here. We can't ship product into their country that would help the American worker and yet, you know, billions of American dollars go to their country every months and we are going to talk for years about bringing back the kids?    You know, that may be success in your all's view but that is too slow in my view, particularly when I got all the leverage. I got all the leverage because they are selling to me.    We got this big trade deficit which creates the leverage, and thank you for your hard work and I yield back.    Ambassador Bond. Thank you.