    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you. And thank you, Vice Admiral Salerno, for being here. It is great to have you here.    You know, I come from the coastal state of Massachusetts. And, like many of the Gulf states which were so deeply impacted by the BP oil spill, the health of our ocean, the Atlantic, directly impacts the health of many communities in Massachusetts, as well as the other New England coastal states. And we depend on the ocean and coastal areas for shipping, for commercial fishing and tourism, as well as for alternative energy development.    In fact, Massachusetts is home to the most profitable port in the Nation, New Bedford, Massachusetts, which brings in over $400 million a year in commercial fishery landings. The New England region, as a whole, brings in over $1.1 billion in commercial landings annually, which, obviously, has a ripple effect on our entire regional community.    As you know, the Department of the Interior recently issued the draft 5-year Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program, which included a proposed lease sale in the Atlantic Ocean. The BP oil spill underscores the real risks associated with offshore drilling. And, despite testimony today, I remain concerned that safety reforms are insufficient. I strongly oppose this proposed lease sale, and hope it will be removed from the final plan.    In your written testimony about agency reforms, you said that BSEE approaches safety on the Outer Continental Shelf by assessing and managing risk. You also said that the Bureau works with scientific organizations and industry to identify and quantify operational risks. We have not had drilling off the coast of the Atlantic in decades, and the most recent wells were abandoned because they were not commercially viable.    So, my question is, as you are relooking at the way in which you do work, given the risks that we know are real, has BSEE ever conducted any assessments of drilling safety off the coast of the Atlantic?    Ms. Tsongas. So are you basically depending upon industry assessment?    Ms. Tsongas. Well, should the Atlantic lease sales be included in the final 5-year plan, what do you expect to be the biggest safety concerns?    Ms. Tsongas. And do you imagine that the precautions in the Atlantic would be different from those that are in the Gulf or wherever else you may be considering lease sales?    Ms. Tsongas. Well, as I said, I remain very opposed to having the Atlantic included in these proposed lease sales, and I do hope that it will be taken off the list. Thank you, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Now I will turn to Mr. Graves, this is your back yard. Do you have questions for the Director?