    Mr. Larsen. You know, for all my life I have thought if only my birthday we could have a hearing on air traffic control staffing.    Mr. Larsen. And this is a dream come true.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for calling this hearing today to explore air traffic control staffing. Among other things, I hope this hearing will help inform and encourage progress on a timely FAA reauthorization bill. As we all know, the current extension expires July 15th.    But today we hear from witnesses with several perspectives regarding air traffic control staffing. And I welcome any discussion of what we need to keep our air space the safest and most efficient in the world.    The Office of the Inspector General, from whom we have a representative testifying today, provides a good starting point for our discussion. The OIG reported earlier this year that FAA continues to face challenges ensuring enough fully trained controllers at critical facilities. But before we get too far ahead of ourselves, we should consider the bigger picture.    There is no evidence of safety lapses associated with the staffing issues. We are living in the safest period of aviation history. Every day U.S. airlines safely transport about 2 million passengers around the country. At the same time, there is no evidence of decreased efficiency due to staffing. In fact, the Department of Transportation reported on Monday that airlines' on-time performance improved by 3 percentage points in April. That is the good news.    The healthy airline industry is critical for our international competitiveness. The airlines are doing well financially, the system is safe, and, by all accounts, the system is operating efficiently.    But I make these observations not to deny the need for continued oversight and vigilance on this subcommittee's part regarding FAA's hiring, training, and staffing of air traffic controllers. Rather, I just think it is critical to keep this hearing in proper perspective.    That said, I am concerned about understaffing in critical facilities. Potential choke points in the air traffic control system, such as when passengers first feel the ripple effects of a line of thunderstorms over Nebraska, facilities like terminal radar approach control facilities in New York, Atlanta, Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago all need more controllers.    On average, only about three-quarters of the controllers in these facilities are fully certified controllers. The rest are trainees. And many of the fully certified controllers are eligible for retirement. It is, therefore, critical that the FAA demonstrate two things: it is hiring enough controllers ahead of projected retirements, and it has the ability to shift controllers from other facilities to these critical facilities.    And while there is more work to be done, I am encouraged on some progress. The FAA is on pace to exceed its goal of hiring 1,619 controllers this year, and the agency has over 2,400 controllers available in Canada pools. The FAA, in collaboration with the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, or NATCA, has streamlined the process for transferring controllers between facilities more quickly, reducing the leg time, and certifying ready and able controllers in hard-to-staff facilities. But the FAA can make further improvements, and they should not hesitate to hire more controllers when staffing needs require it.    The FAA Academy, where inexperienced controllers have to train before being placed in a facility, has the capacity to matriculate only 1,998 controllers per year. And before controllers can attend, the FAA has to medically certify them and conduct a background check, and the FAA has the capacity to process about 300 per month.    This hearing is an important exercise of this subcommittee's oversight of the safety and efficiency of the air traffic control system. By all of the objective measures, facility-specific staffing shortages have not compromised safety or capacity today. But I do look forward to hearing from our witnesses on what we need to do to ensure that that remains the case.    So again, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and I yield back.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you.    Mr. Rinaldi, from all accounts the NATCA's workforce continues to help the FAA fulfill its mission in providing the safest and most efficient aerospace system in the world. Can you point to any safety lapses in the last year that you would associate with controller staffing levels?    Mr. Larsen. So the first option would be to reduce capacity, as opposed to trying to keep capacity levels the same if there is an issue in the staffing.    Mr. Larsen. Yes. Mr. Babbitt as well, apart from the service reductions associated with sequestration, can Southwest Airlines point to any other air traffic control-related delays or service reductions?    Mr. Larsen. Be sure to get right in the microphone there. Just--yes.    Mr. Larsen. OK. Thanks.    Ms. Bristol, there is some criticism of the controller workforce plan staffing ranges as unreliable. Can you just enlighten me a little bit? When we are talking about the shortage, what--from your perspective, what is the baseline we are supposed to use? And in fairness, I am going to ask Mr. Rinaldi to comment on that same question, as well. What is the baseline?    Mr. Larsen. Yes. Mr. Rinaldi, how should we assess this?    Mr. Larsen. Yes. Mr. Chairman, could I just have--ask the same question of Mr. Hampton? Is----    Mr. Larsen. It is my birthday, great. I have got another 15 minutes' worth of questions.    Mr. Larsen. One for every birthday.    Matt, could you talk a little bit--what is--have you looked at the right number?    Mr. Larsen. All right, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.