    Ms. Wootan. Good morning. I am Margo Wootan, the Director of Nutrition Policy at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, and I appreciate the opportunity to share the consumer view this morning.    CSPI supports the Senate's bipartisan request to the FDA to give industry more time to comply with menu labeling, but we strongly oppose H.R. 2017. The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act supports neither commonsense nor nutrition information disclosure. Commonsense would be to side with the American people who are afflicted by high rates of obesity over Domino's, which is hardly in need of Congressional protection, given its almost $2 billion in annual sales.    At a time when two-thirds of Americans are either overweight or obese, half of our food dollars are spent on away-from-home foods, and studies clearly link eating out to obesity. Common sense would suggest that Congress support Americans' ability to make educated choices from the widest range of food service establishments provided under the law.    I admire the gutsiness of some of my fellow witnesses. It is politically astute and clever to focus on the fixes that H.R. 2017 would supposedly provide them while failing to mention that the bill would totality exempt them from providing calorie information for their prepared foods. This bill most definitely would not make it easier for people to access meaningful, easily accessible nutrition information. That is why over 115 health experts and organizations oppose this bill.    Supermarkets say that they are willing to give customers what they want, but fail to mention that over 80 percent of Americans want supermarkets to provide calorie information for their prepared foods like fried chicken, sandwiches and soups. And more than a quarter want calorie labeling for the hot dogs, pizza, nachos, and other foods sold at convenience stores. How are people supposed to make informed choices if Congress, supermarkets, convenience stores, pizza chains, and movie theaters withhold nutrition information from them?    Supermarket and convenience store exaggerations about the cost of menu labeling remind me of concerns in the early days when I was first working on menu labeling. But those did not turn out to be true. Menu labeling software is inexpensive. Many supermarkets already have dieticians on staff who can conduct calorie analysis. And restaurants have shown that calorie labeling is affordable and feasible in the dozens of jurisdictions where it is already in effect.    It is also disingenuous for supermarkets and convenience stores to promote themselves to customers as alternatives to restaurants while at the same time lobbying Congress about how different they are. Supermarket bakeries, buffets, salad bars are like those in restaurants, and many supermarkets now have tables where people can eat. 7-Eleven, Wawa and Sheetz are among the hundred top food service establishments in the country. And some of them even belong to the National Restaurant Association.    It is particularly hard to understand why pizza restaurants need a special exemption from listing calories on in-store menu boards. While many people do order pizza by phone or computer, similarly, many do not enter fast food restaurants, and order instead through the drive-thru. Yet fast food restaurants aren't opposing having to provide their customers with nutrition information on each of their menus. Likewise, pizza restaurants should not deny nutrition information to their in-store customers.    And pizza is a real problem in American's diets. It is the fifth largest source of calories. It is the second biggest source of saturated fat, and it is the third biggest source of sodium. If any restaurants need comprehensive nutrition labeling, it is pizza restaurants. The variability of pizza with its different crusts and toppings is no different than the variability of Subway sandwiches with different breads and meats and toppings and spreads. Or ice cream sundaes or Chipotle burritos. Calories can and are being expressed as ranges, or being provided for commonly ordered standard builds.    Finally, H.R. 2017's provision to allow restaurants and other food service establishments to arbitrarily chose to label items for only a fraction of the menu item is a recipe for confusion. It would be deceptive for consumers and make it very difficult for them to order.    I urge the committee to oppose H.R. 2017. Your constituents' health depend on it.    Ms. Wootan. Yes. We think that is reasonable.    Ms. Wootan. Absolutely. When the law was written, it include not only restaurants but also other food service establishments, and that was meant to cover the broad range of food service establishments that provide prepared foods.    In fact, I remember the supermarket industry trying to get an amendment to strike that part of the law, make it clear that they were excluded, and they were not successful in that effort. So they knew they were going to be included. They should have been preparing for this and getting ready as the restaurant industry has been.    Ms. Wootan. Not having nutrition information in supermarkets and convenience stores will really limit people's access to information. They are increasingly competing with restaurants. And people are just stopping off at the grocery store and buying, you know, fried chicken or meatloaf with side dishes just as they do at restaurants.    And so more and more, people are turning to supermarkets for prepared foods like they do for carry-out from restaurants. And at pizza restaurants, while many people order over the phone, those people that do walk into the restaurant want to have nutrition information. We really need to look at this from the consumer perspective. And it is from where the consumer is ordering that matters and where they need the information.    The law does not require a pizza chain to put up a menu board. If they don't think that enough people are going into their restaurant that they feel they need to have a menu board, they don't have to have one. But if they think enough people are coming in, that they are putting up a menu board and listing the pizzas and the prices, then next to that price they also need to post the calories.    Ms. Wootan. So, actually H.R. 2017 has one other option and that is to list the nutrition information by the serving size or the common unit of subdivision unit without having to list the number of servings, which would be different than what FDA has.    So, for example, you could reduce the number of calories in a pizza overnight by slicing it into 10 slices instead of 8 slices. You could take a plate of chicken wings and you could just put half the chicken wings on one side of the platter and the other half of the chicken wings on the other and say it is two servings and then change the calories from 1,000 calories per appetizer to 500.    So this, the law as written would not require that the number of servings be listed. And without that information, it is very difficult for consumers to be able to compare options. Even with the servings listed, it is really difficult.    So, say, an appetizer of nachos is listed as 4 servings and the chicken wings is listed as 2 servings. You can't really compare how those would stack up for you personally. It is much easier to list the calories for the whole appetizer, the whole pastry, the whole dessert. And then people can compare options and decide which one they want for themselves.    This is not about, he left already, telling people what to eat. This is about giving people information so that they can make their own choices about how many calories they want to eat, given what a terrible health burden there is from obesity and other diet-related health problems.    Ms. Wootan. I think many of us expected that food establishments would be able to implement menu labeling directly from the final rule. But it has turned out that they have lots of questions that need answering that go beyond just mere interpretation. And so guidance is necessary. And that guidance is going to take a little bit longer because there will be an opportunity for public comment.    I mean, clearly hearing people testify today, I think many of them don't have a full understanding of what is required. Certainly 34 million possible combinations of pizza is not required by law. If they don't recognize that, I think their lawyers need to read the regulations a little more carefully.    Some of the other things about having 10 different signs in the convenience is not required by law. So, I mean, there is clearly some misunderstanding about what the law requires. And the guidance will help to clarify that. I think also as some of them become more familiar with the regulations, they will realize that this is not as burdensome as they think it is.    Just like the restaurants did 10 years ago, when I first started working on menu labeling in Oregon and other places around the country, I heard the same complaints from the restaurant industry. But once they started to do it, they realized this is not as complicated as it seemed. They worked through it. They did it. It did not cost them a lot of money. It did not hurt their business. Their customers really like it, use it. And it is helping them to make lower-calorie choices when they want to.    Ms. Wootan. That is true.    Ms. Wootan. It is not.    Ms. Wootan. They actually have many fewer items than in most convenience stores than at a lot of sit-down chain restaurants. So they will have fewer items to analyze. And they don't have to send those items to a lab, which is the cost estimates that you have seen. You can just run those recipes through menu analysis software or get them from a supplier or a database or a cookbook.    Ms. Wootan. The calorie information disclosure is tied to the method through which the food service establishments provide information. So if you are a restaurant that has a printed menu, the calories would be there, if you are a restaurant that has a menu board. If you have foods on display, like your donuts on display at Dunkin' Donuts, the calories would be next to each donut. So the way the information is provided will depend on the way that the food service establishment decides to give information to their customers about what is available and the price.    Ms. Wootan. Well, there are a lot of people going into pizza restaurants. It may only be 10 percent. But those people who do go in have the right to nutrition information just like those people who are ordering online. If they don't think it matters, then they don't need to have a menu board and list out all the options that are there. But if they have a menu board and think that people need to know what is on the menu and list the prices for it, then they need to post the calories. Because, as you say, obesity really is one of the most pressing public health problems.