    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I also want to welcome, of course, all of you to this hearing. Your perspective and your views have always been very important to us, and particularly as we have been engaged in the health care reform discussion.    And, Admiral Ryan, I understand you will be stepping down. Is that correct? Yes--as President and CEO of MOAA , and we just want to thank you so much for your service. I know that everyone in the organization feels the same and we appreciate very much the work that you have done.    We have had the opportunity to hear from some of you this past spring as we began working through many of the recommendations of the commission, and you know that we did address retirement reform as well as several other commission recommendations in the NDAA . And we have made progress in health care reform by instituting a pilot program on urgent care requiring the DOD to publicly post access standards and requiring DOD to improve TRICARE enrollment during duty station changes.    And I think we can all agree that there are areas of the health care system that work very, very well. And yet, there are some areas that we can improve. And so that is the challenge before us, I think, to try and make these improvements while maintaining a superior standard of care.    I know each of your organizations represent particular constituencies and particular concerns, so we are eager to have your insight and your thoughts. Thank you so much, again, for being here.    And I might say, Mr. Chairman, that I believe with the votes kind of got us off schedule that I may need to leave in the middle.    But I am hoping that we will be able to hear from all of you before that, and even some of the questions.    Thank you so much.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much.    And again, thank you all for being here.    Ms. Raezer, maybe I will--wanted to ask you really just to follow up, I think, on some of the discussion, because one of the concerns that you stated, and I think has been stated often, is about access standards. And what we know is that there isn't a whole lot of awareness sometimes of what those DOD standards are, which the awareness may be low but the standards are high in a number of cases, and yet that is not something that I think is--people are able to relate to within the service that they are getting.    And so how would you do that? What are we missing? What is not happening to increase the standard so people really can, I think, demand, in many ways, that they get the care that they--that actually has been developed for them?    Mrs. Davis. Yes.    Any others--do you have a sense, Admiral, about how do we----    Mrs. Davis . Make that better?    Mrs. Davis. Yes. Because there are some reports that would indicate that the MTFs are actually meeting this standard. But that is----    Mrs. Davis. Why this disconnect?    Mrs. Davis. Well. Okay. Yes. Thank you.    Mr. Bousum, did you want to comment on that?    Mrs. Davis. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.