    Ms. Esty. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Johnson, for holding today's fascinating hearing. And thank you to all of you.    I joined millions of Americans on Sunday night watching the Blood Moon and a Blue Moon earlier this year, and I have to tell you, in the district like mine in Connecticut, schoolchildren are incredibly inspired and excited by these developments. And many of us here on this panel share a commitment to STEM education. And so it's in part through that lens I would like to proceed with my questions.    Congratulations, Dr. Stofan, incredibly exciting announcement yesterday. And we look forward to understanding what that means. And as you can hear, we've already had questions today.    Dr. Stofan, you spoke earlier about the need to have human exploration on Mars to really understand and to make those subtle intuitive judgments that are necessary. Do you anticipate that yesterday's announcement and the discovery proceeding that changes in any way the priorities of the ordering of that? And help us understand our role as decision-makers on helping to set priorities that are keeping up with the developing science.    Ms. Esty. Thank you. And I have to confess I have a son who did astrophysics and did exoplanet things, so I have a personal--I know he has a personal interest in discovering if this manned mission is going to keep up with his fourth-grade project from, you know, about 15 years ago.    Dr. Lunine, I was particularly struck by your comment that a key issue is whether in a habitable environment life actually does develop, which is sort of the opposite of where we start. We started with this search is there any life out there, and now it seems to me you're asking a very different question, which is we see a lot of components that we would think ought to lead to life; does it lead to life or does it not? What are the technological breakthroughs you see us needing to support--to answer that somewhat different question? It seems to me that's a different question than I certainly would have thought about five years ago.    Ms. Esty. Thank you. And if we might be able to follow up afterwards with some more detail because, again, our job is in part to try to set funding priorities and they need to take into account these changes, so I think, Dr. Stofan, your comments about the near-surface presence of water compared with, say, Europa where it's so deep and that presents harder technological challenges may help guide us with the--as I'm afraid we have to say the not-enough money that we have to do this research. I wish we had more, but with what we have, we want to make sure it has the most impact and rely on your judgment in guiding us. Thank you all very much.