    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to offer my suggestions for reducing the tax compliance burden on small businesses when preparing their tax returns.    My name is Don Williamson, and I am a professor of Taxation at American University's Kogod School of Business, where for the past 30 years I have directed the school's Master's in Taxation degree program. The MST program at American offers graduate courses in federal taxation to CPAs, experienced accountants, attorneys, and others who wish to expand their knowledge of our nation's tax law. As part of my responsibilities at American, I am also the executive director at the Kogod Tax Policy Center, which conducts nonpartisan research on tax issues affecting small businesses and emerging entrepreneurs that will enhance compliance while reducing compliance costs. And, for the past 25 years, I have had my own tax preparation and tax planning practice for small businesses in Falls Church, Virginia.    My written testimony describes some of the tax compliance burdens imposed on small businesses that consume time and resources that cannot be employed in their businesses to create more jobs. Specifically, today, in my testimony, I want to recommend to the Committee that our tax code be amended to permit more small businesses to adopt the cash method of accounting on their tax returns. Generally, a taxpayer using the cash method of accounting recognizes income or deductions when cash is received or paid. An accrual basis taxpayer, on the other hand, must recognize income or expenses when all events fixing the right or obligation have occurred, regardless of when cash is paid or received.    As detailed in my written testimony, I believe that more small businesses should be allowed to adopt the cash method of accounting, rather than the current law requirement imposing the accrual method that is uniformly considered more complex and offers few advantages to small businesses whose chief concern with regard to their financial condition is their cash flow. It is important to note that the method of accounting adopted by a business, whether the cash method or the accrual method only affects the timing of when a business reports income or deductions on its tax return. The accounting method a business uses does not determine whether an item of income is taxable or expense is deductible, and does not affect the total income and deductions a business will recognize over its lifetime.    However, despite the greater simplicity and better fit of the cash method for small businesses, the entire revenue code continues to deny the cash methods to corporations with average gross receipts exceeding $5 million. As discussed in the Senate's Bipartisan Tax Working Group Report on business income tax issued this month, I urge Congress to increase the current threshold for use of the cash method to $10 million. Raising the threshold to $10 million will mean that 99 percent of all businesses in the United States could adopt the cash method.    But even when the cash method is available to a small business, certain judicial doctrines, such as constructive receipt for the recognition of income, impose unnecessary complication on a small business simply to accelerate the reporting of income by, in most cases, a few months before actual cash is received. Also, the requirement that a cash method small business may not deduct its cash outlay to purchase or produce inventory until that product is sold may satisfy accounting theorists but offers no immediate tax benefit to small businesses that expend considerable sums creating jobs.    To further reduce the compliance burden on small business therefore, I urge Congress to go beyond the proposals discussed in the Senate's Bipartisan Tax Working Group Report, and enact a simplified cash method of accounting described in detail in my written testimony. Under this method of accounting, a small business would simply look to its checkbook to determine its taxable income. It sounds simple and it is. Permitting small businesses to elect a simplified cash method of accounting will reduce tax compliance costs, ease the burden of tax administration, and clarify the measurement of taxable income.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I would welcome any questions from the Committee.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, they do not understand the law. And when taxpayers do not understand the law, they come to disrespect the law. And we all know what happens next, and that is fraud, that is cheating. So what we need is simpler rules that I, as a tax return preparer, can explain to my clients and they can accept me to prepare the return and pay their fee to pay their tax. I think all of us here today have said taxpayers want to pay their tax. I hail from Utica, New York. I know the people in Utica, New York, want to pay their tax. But the problem is they do not understand the law.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Absolutely, sir.    Chairman CHABOT.--would be one of those critical things we could do to make it more understandable?    Mr. WILLIAMSON. The clients I represent, and I represent the smallest of the small probably at this table, where $300,000 or $400,000 a year of sales on a Schedule C is a living for your family. Those folks do not need to do depreciation schedules and be on the accrual method and do cost of goods sold. They know what they need. They need cash in the bank, and they are willing to take some of that cash and pay their tax with it.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. It would make it a lot easier for them to file their tax returns.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Lower it? No, we are advocating raising the threshold that would permit you to drop the cash method to $10 million. To lower that, I think you would have serious compliance problems.    It alludes to the point I was making a moment ago about disrespect for the system. And if people do not feel that filing their tax return adds any value other than having their money confiscated by the federal government, I do not know if you would get very many correct tax returns as a result.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, I sincerely hope we never----    Mr. WILLIAMSON. I think we see it is not.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Yes, sir.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Yes, sir.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Precisely, Congressman. And too often that is the case. People make business decisions without understanding the tax consequences of them. And I like my clients to always know they can call me and ask a question and will not necessarily get a bill off the top, not like the lawyers. But I would hope that they would call me. But the problem is the law is so complex.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. But you are absolutely right, Congressman. Businesses do not understand tax law, and too often make the wrong decision.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Yes, sir.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, in terms of the tax return itself, we could make that a lot simpler. All of us have advocated here with respect to advancing more cash method of accounting so you do not have the need to compute your inventory, cost of goods sold, the depreciation schedules you have to keep. Basically, treat everything as 179 as was alluded to earlier, or as bonus depreciation, 100 percent depreciation. And so it is simply to prepare your tax return based upon your checkbook and the cash that comes in, the cash that goes out, and we net the two and that is your taxable income. That makes a very simple tax return.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, as far as the pass-through entities go, and as was already pointed out here in the testimony, most revenue for small businesses is coming through pass-through entities. We can, again, through the cash method of accounting, easily determine what the net profit is of the business and allocate it to your partners or to your S company shareholders on the K1s. The complication that arises is they need to separately account for all the items on a partnership return or S company return because they might impact an individual partner or individual S company shareholder differently. That is a problem in terms of the pass-through entities.    I would offer, and again, I think a proposal has been made, for earlier filing of pass-through entity returns so that the information forms through the individual partners or shareholders would be in their hands a lot sooner, and that way they would have more time to prepare their tax returns and that would increase compliance.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Congressman Adams, I do not have those statistics in front of me. I can be happy to do my best to try to find some of that information for you but I have no information on the relative closures of minority firms versus nonminority firms at my fingertips. I am sorry.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. What we have done in the Tax Policy Center is to define them as $10 million of gross receipts. If you look at provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, Uniform Capitalization Rules, some of the other provisions regarding, $10 million seems to be a generally accepted threshold. And I think that is what the GAO study used as well.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. That is the point. That was the point in my written testimony, Congressman. We would eliminate cost of goods sold and that the purchases or construction of inventory would be deducted as those costs are incurred regardless of when the product is actually sold.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. That is what we were saying. In a world that we would be advocating, bonus depreciation would be extended to inventory.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. In my personal experience, what it is usually about is ``I better get out of business because I cannot pay my payroll taxes for my employees.''    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, I will just say that it is very difficult for my clients when they decide whether they are going to take the next step and hire someone. As we have seen here today, it is very expensive. Just the tax compliance costs are very expensive. The 941s, the W-2s, the payments every two weeks or a month. That is very intimidating for a small businessman to take on that first, second, or third employee, and then to have the cash flow, of course, to be able to pay them their wage.    So regarding small businesses, that, in my practice, holds them back as to whether they are going to hire those first two or three people. That is a big, big deal with them, and the tax rules impede that.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. That is true. To assemble the books and records to put them on my desk so I can do the return is quite a procedure for them. And to ask me, or anyone at this table to do that kind of work can be very, very expensive, and it is very hard to find people that have the skills to assemble that financial information for them in order to have me even begin the tax return. No question about that.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, that is an excellent question, and obviously, the answer is, of course, C corporations are subject to two levels of tax, once at the C corporation and then a second tax when any sums are distributed to the shareholders. That is why you have a continuing decline in C corporations, particularly when you have S corporations available that are corporations for all purposes other than the IRS revenue code. And also, now you have the LLC, the limited liability company, that provides the same limitation on personal liability of the owners of the business. So that is why you see C corporation numbers go down and pass through numbers go up.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Well, that goes in, again, and my written testimony referred to that, is that if we are going to reduce the corporate tax rate in this country, some consideration must be given to small businesses; that the LLC, the S corporation, indeed the sole proprietor, will be paying effectively higher rates than C corporations. And C corporations do not have to pay dividends. And the owner of a C corporation can sell the stock rather than take distributions. So some consideration must be given to the sole proprietorship and partnership and LLC industry.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Yes. Strategically, you can have carve outs for small businesses. You are considering international tax reform as we speak. You can have carve outs for small businesses of under $10 million so they do not have the same level of compliance. They will not go overseas. Take a look at the forms. Take a look at the requirements. Tactically, and I think it has been mentioned here, the $2,500 increase to the allowance to simply deduct anything and not have to depreciate it.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. I agree, Congressman. That is not cheating; that is growing.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Frankly, I cannot think of anything less manipulative than a totally cash basis of accounting, and simply use the checkbook as we are advising.    Now, clearly, it may not be as financially accurate, and I am not here to say that if you are filing SEC reports you need to be on the cash basis. Certainly not.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Oh, yes.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. Over the life of the business you recognize the same amount of income and have the same amount of expenses.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. It is all timing.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. I have not looked at it in quite a while but I would say it would make American more competitive.    Mr. WILLIAMSON. I have not gone through it. I have seen portions of it. Most notably, regarding the cash method of accounting rules, that he will take the $25 million with some carve outs for some qualified personal service corporations, I think.