    Chairman Loudermilk. The Subcommittee on Oversight will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``FDIC Data Breaches: Can Americans Trust That Their Private Banking Information is Secure?''    I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning. We're here today to learn more about cybersecurity breaches at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. As a former information systems technology company owner for over 20 years, I know firsthand the importance of safeguarding sensitive information and private customer data. Regrettably, the American people have good reason to question whether their private banking information is properly secured by the FDIC.    The FDIC is an independent agency established by Congress, with the mission ``to maintain stability and public confidence in the nation's financial system.'' Unfortunately, the FDIC is failing to live up to its mission of maintaining public confidence in the Nation's financial system because the Agency is failing to safeguard private banking information for millions of Americans who rely on FDIC.    During the Committee's current investigation, it has become clear that FDIC has a long history of cybersecurity incidents. According to information obtained by the Committee, in 2011, a foreign government hacked into the workstations of the former FDIC Chairman and other senior officials. It appears that this entity had access to senior officials' workstations for at least one year before the FDIC took remedial action.    More recently, in letters dated February 26, 2016, and March 18, 2016, FDIC notified the Science Committee of two major security incidents. This notification to the Committee was required in accordance with the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, otherwise known as FISMA, and Office of Management and Budget guidelines that require executive branch departments and agencies to report major security incidents to Congress within seven days.    The security breach reported in FDIC's February 26 letter to the Committee involved an FDIC employee who copied sensitive personally identifiable information, or PII, over 10,000 individuals onto a portable storage device prior to separating from employment at the FDIC. The employee also downloaded suspicious activity reports, bank currency transaction reports, customer data reports and a small subset of personal work and tax files. This security incident is particularly troublesome, given that the FDIC did not ultimately recover the portable storage device from the former employee until nearly two months after the device was removed from FDIC premises.    Further, according to the information obtained by the Committee, the FDIC did not report the incident to Congress within the seven-day time period as required by FISMA. In fact, FDIC waited for over four months to report the incident to Congress and only did so after being prompted by the FDIC Office of Inspector General.    Just as troubling, FDIC continues to maintain that the employee ``accidently'' copied sensitive and proprietary information to a portable storage device, despite the fact that the employee initially told the agency that she ``would never do such a thing,'' and even denied ever owning a portable storage device. Ultimately, she retained legal counsel, who engaged in protracted negotiations with the agency for the return of the device.    The second security breach reported to the Committee was on March 18, 2016, involved a disgruntled FDIC employee who obtained sensitive data for over 44,000 individuals prior to separating from employment at the agency. When the employee left the FDIC on February 26, 2016, the employee took the storage device from the premises. Upon learning of the incident three days later, FDIC personnel worked to recover the device. The device was ultimately recovered on March 1, 2016. According to the FDIC, this was just another case of an employee ``accidently'' leaving the agency with sensitive information.    This week, FDIC retroactively reported five additional major breaches to the Committee. In one of those instances, an employee retired from FDIC and took three portable storage devices containing over 49,000 individuals' personal data. In total, over 160,000 individuals have recently been a victim of having their personal information leave the FDIC by ``accident.'' To date, FDIC has failed to notify any of those individuals that their private information may have been compromised.    According to the FDIC, none of the 160,000 individuals has anything to worry about because all of the FDIC employees who improperly walked out of the agency with sensitive information were required to sign affidavits stating the information was not disseminated. At best, this is a misleading statement because apparently all employees who are separating from the FDIC are generally required to sign an exit document attesting that they have not removed any FDIC materials from the premises. In the recent breaches reported to this Committee, all employees who improperly took the data should have already signed exit documents before ever leaving the agency.    It is Congress's responsibility to shine a light on FDIC's history of cybersecurity breaches. The Committee will continue its oversight of FDIC failures to secure Americans' sensitive information from apparent foreign entities and disgruntled FDIC employees.    I thank the witnesses for being here today and sincerely hope that we are able to get answers from the FDIC here this morning.    Chairman Loudermilk. With that, I recognize the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    I now recognize the Chairman of the Full Committee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith.    Chairman Loudermilk. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Full Committee for a statement.    Chairman Loudermilk. I thank the lady. She has yielded back.    Now, let me introduce our witnesses for today. Our first witness is Mr. Fred Gibson, acting Inspector General of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Mr. Gibson has previously served with the Resolution Trust Corporation Office of Inspector General and as Principal Deputy Inspector General and counsel to the Inspector General.    Mr. Gibson received his bachelor's degree in history from the University of Texas at Austin and his master's degree in Russian Area Studies from Georgetown University. He received his J.D. from the University of Texas Law School.    Our second witness today is Mr. Lawrence Gross?    Chairman Loudermilk. Gross. Mr. Lawrence Gross, Jr., Chief Information Officer and Chief Privacy Officer of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Mr. Gross previously served as the CIO for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency and the Deputy CIO at the Department of the Interior.    Chairman Loudermilk. I now recognize Mr. Gross for his opening statement.    Mr. Gross. Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    At the FDIC, protecting sensitive information is critical to our mission of maintaining stability and public confidence in the Nation's financial system, and we are continually enhancing our information security program.    My name is Lawrence Gross, and I am FDIC's Chief Information Officer and Chief Privacy Officer. I assumed my duties at the FDIC in November of 2015, and I have more than 39 years of combined military and federal sector experience in the information technology, law enforcement, cybersecurity, and critical infrastructure fields. My testimony today will focus on our program to identify, analyze, report, and remediate incidents based on the risk of harm they pose.    The FDIC has a strong information security program to identify events that could signal a data security incident, including mandatory annual training for all employees and contractors to ensure that they will be alert to inadequate protection of sensitive information and know when and how to notify our Computer Security Incident Response Team.    We also have automated monitoring tools, including the data loss prevention tool, which scans for sensitive information in outgoing emails, uploads to Web sites, and any data downloaded to portable media from FDIC systems. Our goal is to assess and continually improve our situational awareness so that we can reduce and ultimately eliminate the risk of harm to individuals and entities.    The FDIC has a security incident response and escalation plan to ensure the systemic gathering and analyzing of facts relevant to an event to determine the risk of harm and the taking of appropriate action. We then take steps to mitigate the risk of harm and complete the appropriate reporting and notifications based on the risk of harm.    With the passage of FISMA in late 2014 and the subsequent issuance in October of OMB guidance on what constitutes a major incident, we have further refined our incident reporting regime. Notably, the new law and OMB's guidance have been applied to incidents over the past 6 months where FDIC employees departed employment and were identified by our monitoring tools as having downloaded personally identifiable information or other FDIC-sensitive information on portable media not long before their departure.    It was my initial judgment, based on several factors, that these incidents did not rise to the level of major incident as defined in the OMB guidance. In each case, the employee had legitimate access to the sensitive data in question while at the FDIC. Further, our analysis indicated the downloading of the PII was inadvertent. The FDIC recovered the data from the former employees, and there was no evidence that the former employee had disseminated the data. And all the former employees assigned affidavits affirming they had not disseminated the data beyond themselves.    Lastly, in each case, the circumstances surrounding the employees' departure were non-adversarial. Under these circumstances, I judged the risk of harm to be very low, meaning that the reporting of these incidents would fall under the annual FISMA-notification-to-Congress requirement.    However, our Office of Inspector General reviewed one of these incidents and came to a different conclusion. Although our interpretations are different, we nevertheless gave such notification to Congress within seven days, and I further directed my staff to go back through all incidents that had occurred since issuance of the OMB guidance, regardless if they were closed, to identify any incidents that had characteristics we thought would meet the OIG's interpretation of major incident. FDIC has now reported those as well to Congress.    Finally, let me touch on changes we have made or are making to lower the risk of future incidents. We've implemented a plan to eliminate the ability of employees and contractors to download to portable media. We're implementing digital rights management software that prevents copying of information. Further, I've directed my staff to begin immediately a top-to-bottom review of IT policies and procedures with the focus on those for departing employees to ensure that everyone understands FDIC policy regarding downloading of data. Also, I will be engaging an independent third party to conduct an end-to-end assessment of all the key areas of the IT security and privacy programs.    The global interconnected landscape continues to evolve, and the threats continue to develop. The FDIC takes very seriously cybersecurity incident management and transparency as it relates to our reporting requirements and remains committed to maintaining a robust IT security program that ensures a real-time current view of our situational awareness.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I would be happy to answer any of your questions.    Chairman Loudermilk. I thank the witnesses for their testimony.    And just before we begin our questions, for the witnesses and the Members of the Committee, it is the Chair's intention to be somewhat lenient with the clock because it is important that we do get these questions answered and as many rounds of questioning as we need. The Chair is ready to extend this hearing as long as we need to make sure that all the questions are adequately answered.    And also to our witnesses, we ask that you be very truthful, as well as comprehensive, but also we have had incidents of filibustering answers. And again, the Chair will maintain the Subcommittee going as long as we need to, to make sure. So we ask that you be as accurate and as brief with your answer.    I now recognize myself for five minutes for questioning.    Mr. Gross, this Committee wrote the FDIC requesting documents and communications referring or relating to the security breaches we discussed here today. Are you aware of those letters?    Mr. Gross. I am.    Chairman Loudermilk. The FDIC has certified that all responsive documents pursuant to this Committee's request had been produced. Is that your understanding as of today?    Mr. Gross. I believe the office has been responsive to your inquiries, sir, yes.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gross, did anyone in your office, to your knowledge, voice any concern regarding the manner, scope, or have any other concerns about the FDIC's response to this Committee's request?    Mr. Gross. No one in my office had any concern with being responsive----    Chairman Loudermilk. No one expressed any concerns about the documents you were providing?    Mr. Gross. No one in my office expressed any concerns, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. What about other offices, anyone in the FDIC express concerns about the comprehensiveness of the investigation or the documents you're providing?    Mr. Gross. I'm not aware of anyone expressing any concerns.    Chairman Loudermilk. No one in the FDIC. Mr. Gross, are you aware of any internal FDIC documents responsive to the Committee's request that were not produced to this Committee?    Mr. Gross. I'm not aware of any that have not been provided, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gibson, to your knowledge, were all responsive documents produced to this Committee?    Chairman Loudermilk. I'm sorry. Yes, I'm sorry. Mr. Gibson, that was directed to you. I was looking at Mr. Gross. Sorry.    Mr. Gibson, to your knowledge, were all responsive documents produced to this Committee?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. So, Mr. Gross, just to summarize and make sure we understand, to your knowledge, you provided all the documents that were responsive to the Committee's request?    Mr. Gross. To my knowledge, sir, we were responsive to the request. If there's a request for additional information, I'll stand ready to provide that.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Gross, what I have here is the stack of documents that the FDIC provided to the Committee in response to our inquiry. This stack of documents, however--I may need a forklift. This stack of documents was provided to the Committee by the Inspector General's Office. Why were these documents not provided to the Committee by the FDIC?    Mr. Gross. I had an opportunity to review the material provided by the IG, and in reviewing that material, a lot of it is duplicative, so the material that you received from us with the incident response forms that are in there, it includes information that has been duplicated in the IG's response. The incident response forms provide a summary of the incident, and it's--it may in fact provide a more comprehensive review of each of the incidents more so than what's in the documents.    I did note that there were several copies of what we call our Data Breach Management Guide that was included in the material provided by the Inspector General, and there were multiple copies of that. That document is still currently being developed and in review.    Chairman Loudermilk. So let me make sure I understand what your statement here is today, that everything that you provided is also covered in the IG's? There's no more information in what the IG provided to us than what is covered in this stack of documents here?    Mr. Gross. I can----    Chairman Loudermilk. Is that what you're telling me?    Mr. Gross. I cannot make that as an affirmative statement, sir. I had a brief opportunity to review the IG's material yesterday----    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Gross. --so I cannot say that it's a one-to-one correlation.    Chairman Loudermilk. Well, you were saying it was duplicative----    Mr. Gross. I said----    Chairman Loudermilk. --but----    Mr. Gross. --quite a bit of the material that was in there was duplicative. There was multiple copies, for example, of the Data Breach Management Guide. There are multiple copies of that guide provided in their response to you.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. There are many emails that were provided to us by the IG that were not included in your documents. Those are not duplicative.    Mr. Gross. I cannot speak to that without looking at the exact emails, but what we have in the incident response summary might be--well, I would think it's an encapsulation of what may be contained in emails that were transmitted between different entities that participated on the DBMT.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Okay. But you did say that you had reviewed the materials----    Mr. Gross. I did----    Chairman Loudermilk. --provided----    Mr. Gross. I did a cursory review.    Chairman Loudermilk. A cursory review----    Mr. Gross. Yes.    Chairman Loudermilk. --but you have not looked at them. When were these--Mr. Gibson, when were these documents provided?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Has Mr. Gross received copies of these documents?    Chairman Loudermilk. And when was that provided?    Chairman Loudermilk. So ten o'clock yesterday morning?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Allow me to clear my desk for a moment here. Okay.    So, Mr. Gross, you still stand by that--your previous testimony that you did provide this Committee all the documents that we requested?    Mr. Gross. That wasn't my statement, sir. I said I believe we were responsive to your request. If there is additional documents that you think are necessary or required, I stand ready to deliver that.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. So you're acknowledging that there may not be some documents that we requested that the     Mr. Gross. I believe----    Chairman Loudermilk. --failed to provide us?    Mr. Gross. I believe our response to you was responsive. If there's other material or additional material that you deem that's warranted, I stand ready to provide that.    Chairman Loudermilk. So you will provide every document that we request?    Mr. Gross. If there's a request for additional information, we stand ready to provide that.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Well, we requested the information the IG has actually provided as well. We're just asking for it to be comprehensive and all-inclusive.    And so who's responsible for providing the documents in response to the Committee's request?    Mr. Gross. When your letter came in and when the letter came in for the information, that's sent to each of the offices that may have relevant information. Each of those offices then provide that information. It's a--there's a coordination effort that's done by our Office of Legal Affairs, and then it's put together as a comprehensive package for submission.    Chairman Loudermilk. Were any directions--to your knowledge, were any directions given to withhold or not provide certain documents to this Committee?    Mr. Gross. No, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. To your knowledge, was anyone in your office or the legal division directed to limit the response to the Committee's request?    Mr. Gross. I'm not aware of anyone making such a statement or providing any such direction.    Chairman Loudermilk. I do have other questions, but I have run over the clock. I was a little more lenient with myself than I intended to be. I do have more questions. The Chair's intention is to do a second round of questioning.    And so at this time I recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    Being 30 years in the IT world, I find it very disheartening that you give someone who is not computer proficient access to such sensitive data. Maybe someone will address that.    I now recognize Mr. Posey, the gentleman from Florida.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. LaHood.    Chairman Loudermilk. The Chair recognizes himself for questions.    Mr. Gross, the Florida incident, is that one of the incidents that Mr. LaHood was referencing that you believed was inadvertent?    Mr. Gross. I believe all of the incidents that have been reported were identified where the individual inadvertently downloaded the material.    Chairman Loudermilk. And how many incidents has that been?    Mr. Gross. I believe we've reported seven.    Chairman Loudermilk. Seven and they were all accidental?    Mr. Gross. Out of the seven, we had--I believe it was five individuals that were retiring, and I believe the other individuals were term employees and they were coming to the end of their term.    Chairman Loudermilk. Were all seven of these those that you described as not very computer literate or----    Mr. Gross. Yes, sir, I would say that these individuals downloaded the information in an attempt to take their personal information prior to departure.    Chairman Loudermilk. But they had access to sensitive information even though they were not ``computer literate''?    Mr. Gross. Well, the information they had legitimate access to was required for them to perform their day-to-day duties. Their duties continued up until the day they left employment with the FDIC.    Chairman Loudermilk. So it's common practice to allow personnel to download information from the FDIC official server?    Mr. Gross. Prior to my arrival, we did utilize mobile media, and individuals could download information to those devices. We've since put into place capability to prevent the downloading of information to mobile devices.    Chairman Loudermilk. So is it accepted practice to allow personal use of the government computers? If they were taking personal information, then obviously they're allowed to use them for personal----    Mr. Gross. Policy does allow de minimis use of the personal computer, yes, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. Does--do any of the employees in the FDIC, yourself or any others, use personal email to conduct official business?    Mr. Gross. No, sir, not that I'm aware of.    Chairman Loudermilk. None at all. Regarding the Florida incident, the Data Breach Management Team, did they give you a recommendation on whether this was a breach?    Mr. Gross. The Data Breach Management Team is a group of representatives across the organization. The Inspector General sits on that group. It's not a voting body. It's a consensus body, and they do provide a recommendation. And I believe from the Florida incident that they did recommend that it was a breach, but we did also indicate it was a low-level breach.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Well, let me read from you an email which you were just provided a copy. This was from the former CIO Christopher Farrow to you, and--regarding the Florida incident and just item number seven, ``Only you can declare this incident a breach. You have not done so. The DBMT has only recommended that this is a breach. We're waiting on you to declare this a breach.''    I'm bringing attention to this email that was provided to us by the IG, and it was sent to you on November 30, 2015. And in the subject line it refers to the October 2015 Florida incident that you informed this Committee of. And the subject line says ``action required, Florida incident.''    As we've discussed here, the body of the email concerns the handling of the incident completely within the scope of the documents requested by this Committee. The IG provided us this document, but you did not, sir. Now, how is not including this email with the documents you provided us being responsive to the Committee's request?    Mr. Gross. Sir, I believe every effort was made to be responsive to your request. If there's needs for additional information, as I said, I stand ready to do so. I believe this document right here is summarized in our response in the incident management.    Chairman Loudermilk. But, sir, did the Committee's request ask for summaries or did it ask for the documents? I believe our request was for all documents, not summaries of documents, but documents.    Mr. Gross. Sir, I believe our response to the Committee's request was comprehensive. We made an active effort to provide a comprehensive response to this Committee.    Chairman Loudermilk. But evidence that you have in front of you is that it was not comprehensive.    Mr. Gross. I don't know for sure if this was included in the overall submission to the Committee, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. It was not, but the IG did provide this to us.    Are you aware, sir, that actively--by not providing this, you are actively obstructing this Committee's investigation?    Mr. Gross. Sir, I believe our submission to you was comprehensive. Every effort was made for it to be comprehensive.    Chairman Loudermilk. But, sir, it wasn't comprehensive if we're receiving documents from the Inspector General that are clearly relating to these incidents that we are investigating but you did not provide them.    Mr. Gross. Well, I didn't provide all the documents that you received, sir. These documents came from a variety of different offices within the Corporation.    Chairman Loudermilk. But, sir, you are the addressee on the email with this document, so clearly you did have this document. And it would have been your responsibility to provide this in response to our request for all documents.    Mr. Gross. I believe that this would have been included in the incident response because this document speaks to what's summarized in the incident report.    Chairman Loudermilk. But again, sir, the Committee did not ask for summaries; we asked for documents. And are you aware that obstructing Congress is a violation of federal law?    Mr. Gross. I'm fully aware of that, sir. I'm a prior law enforcement officer.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Gross. As I said, we made every effort to be responsive. I believe what we provided was a representation of the production. We made every effort to be quite exhaustive in our response to this Committee. As I said, I--we stand ready to provide any additional information that you deem warranted.    Chairman Loudermilk. Well, I thank you for that, but I would prefer that we get these initially and not have to go back and get--let me read directly from the correspondence this Committee sent to you. It says, ``All documents and communications referring or relating to the security incident.'' All documents and communications. We didn't ask for summaries; we asked for all documents and communications, which you failed to provide.    Let me ask you another question. We'll shift our direction of questioning here. Sir, if a bank were to have the incidents happened to them, an employee walks out with a USB drive containing 10,000 pieces of PII of their customers, and they followed the same procedure that you followed by not reporting it to the FDIC, what would the FDIC's actions be to that bank?    Mr. Gross. I can't speak to that, sir. That's speculative.     Chairman Loudermilk. I would like to get the answer to that because I don't think it would be following the same procedures that you're holding yourself accountable to.    Maybe, Mr. Gibson, do you know what action would be taken to a bank?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairman Loudermilk. I did pose that to--a question to a banker yesterday, and I will get a formal response of what he believes would have--the action that would have been taken.    Mr. Gross, it appears the FDIC has a history of cyber security breaches that goes beyond what has been made public to date. I personally have a problem after 30 years of being in the information systems business that seven repeated incidents are all inadvertent.    But let's move on to other incidents. Is it true that an ``advanced persistent threat'' was able to penetrate the FDIC computer systems in August 2011?    Mr. Gross. I believe that's correct, sir.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Is it true that FDIC employees' computers were accessed by a foreign entity without their knowledge?    Mr. Gross. I believe you're speaking from an Inspector General report, sir, and that, I think, would be best discussed by the Inspector General. That document has sensitive information in it.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gibson, do you have any information that you can share with us?    Chairman Loudermilk. Is it----    Chairman Loudermilk. Is it true that FDIC employees' computers were accessed by a foreign entity without their knowledge----    Chairman Loudermilk. --dating back to August 2011?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Gross, is it true that the Chairman of the FDIC's own computer was accessed by this foreign entity?    Mr. Gross. Sir, I have reviewed that document. I believe what you're stating is included in the report, but I just became familiar with that document yesterday. I think Mr. Gibson would be best positioned to respond.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gibson, can you respond? Is it true that the Chairman of the FDIC's own computer was accessed by this foreign entity?    Chairman Loudermilk. That's your understanding. And again, this is in an IG report?    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gross, is it true that the foreign entity was China?    Mr. Gross. Sir, I don't know that to be correct. I can only tell you what I've read in the report. The details surrounding the report, it happened prior to my arrival.    Chairman Loudermilk. I understand.    Mr. Gross. I can assure you that if that was to happen today under my watch, I'm a prior military person and I believe in the command structure, so if there's an incident that occurs in my organization, one, it's my boat. I'm responsible for making sure it's reported and addressed.    Chairman Loudermilk. Well, I understand that and I appreciate your response there. But in the report, does it identify anywhere--Mr. Gibson, in the report does it identify that the foreign entity was indeed China?    Chairman Loudermilk. It does not.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Gross, regarding this particular incident where supposedly China had access to FDIC computer systems for over a year, which I think would be a very significant issue to maybe have more information on than what we're sharing here today, according to the materials provided to the Committee, the FDIC chose to intentionally violate its own policies and procedures and did not notify CSIRT, the central national authority responsible for tracking, analyzing, and coordinating responses to computer security incidents that attack U.S. Government systems. Is this true?    Mr. Gross. Sir, as I said, I've reviewed that report, and it's actually great to kind of draw that to scale. When you look at the APT that you're mentioning here versus an incident where we have trusted employees that left the organization, you can see why we drew the fact that the risk of harm to individuals were low. In this instance, if there was an APT in our environment, we would be taking active steps to address it.    But I would have to defer to Mr. Gibson on the specifics that might be contained in the report as to who might have been penetrated or the extent of the penetration into the environment.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gibson, can you provide any more enlightenment in whether they followed proper procedures by notifying a foreign entity?    Chairman Loudermilk. They did not. Thank you.    Mr. Gross, it's my understanding that one of the steps taken by the FDIC to prevent further breaches was to shut off the use of USB drives on the computers at the FDIC. What percentage of the FDIC employees roughly still have access to their USB drives?    Mr. Gross. I believe we've reduced that number down to probably less than 50 percent. We still have a significant number. Our goal is zero. As I said, I've come from other federal agencies, so my goal is to reduce that down to zero. However, we have to work through different business processes that still require the use of that, and what I mean by that is our examiners have a need to exchange information with their 50 different counterparts that they work with in the field. So I can't immediately drive down to zero, but I can assure you and the Committee my goal is to get to zero on use of mobile media within the organization.    Chairman Loudermilk. So with the 50 percent that you have disabled, were those the employees that have access to the type of the information that was breached, or are those the 50 percent still remaining to be blocked?    Mr. Gross. The 50 percent that we had are primarily examiners that work out in the field and other components of the organization that still have an express business requirement for that. The goal, as I said, is zero. In our examiner area, we are actually rolling out technology right now which we call our ETS system.    Chairman Loudermilk. Right.    Mr. Gross. As we roll that out, we will begin to be able to have larger numbers of those groups no longer have a need for the use of mobile media. So we're going to do this over time in specific business areas to be able to get to that zero threshold.    Chairman Loudermilk. So if you had these 50 percent--let me ask it this way. If the 50 percent you have blocked now was done six months ago, would it have prevented these incidents?    Mr. Gross. I can't say that for certain, sir, because these individuals were in various different parts of the organization. And even, as I said, it was an inadvertent download of the data.    Chairman Loudermilk. What have you done to prevent it from happening other than the USB drives?    Mr. Gross. Actually, what we've done to prevent it is we've, one, eliminated the use of mobile media across the organization only to those individuals that require it in order to complete their business processes. In order for those individuals to be able to use the removable media, it requires the approval of their division director.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Gross. The--in addition to that, what we're also putting in place is encryption--is that any device that's placed into the machines, once that device is placed in the machine, it will automatically be encrypted. So those mobile devices that we do have in the environment would in fact have encryption, which would enhance their--the security on those devices if they're lost.    Chairman Loudermilk. But it would not have prevented these actions from taking place?    Mr. Gross. I don't believe it would have.    Chairman Loudermilk. Mr. Gross, it's interesting that some of these breaches were retroactively reported to Congress. It's clear that the OMB guidance and FISMA state anything over 10,000 instances of PII is to be reported to Congress. We have systems in place to trigger awareness at various government levels. If I go to the bank and withdraw $10,000 of my own money, that is immediately going to be reported, but certain employees at FDIC can download 10,000 individual PIIs and it's not flagged. Is that a double standard?    Mr. Gross. Well, actually, sir, it is flagged. I think we have a best practice in the fact that we're using DLP to identify those instances. Prior to DLP, we would have been unaware that the employees were downloading that information.    Chairman Loudermilk. But there was 10,000 that were breached that were disclosed or taken but you did not report those within the seven-day window.    Mr. Gross. Sir, it's--we don't have relief in reporting. I want to be--I want to go back to that in that it's not a question of whether or not if it's going to be reported. All incidents within the FDIC are reported. The question is, is it reported within 7 days, 30 days, or is it reported in an annual FISMA report.    So I want to make sure that it's understood is that there's no question about our transparency in reporting. It was in which time frame. And we wanted to draw to scale--we wanted to focus on, is this major? Is this an APT? Is this someone in our system? If we report on incidents that we have deemed as non-major, then we're reporting on everything. And then when we have an APT or a significant event, the risk you run is that these incidents are then lost in the noise. And I would hate to classify any incident as just noise. But we want to make sure that we're focusing our energies and our time around those incidents that pose significant risk of harm to individuals or the organization.    Chairman Loudermilk. Okay. I have been very lenient with my time, and I will do the same to my good friend from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, who is now recognized.    Chairman Loudermilk. I thank the Ranking Member for the line of questioning, and I thank the witnesses for their testimony and the other Members who were here with questions.    We've identified several inconsistencies here today by the FDIC, and the Committee will continue its oversight and looking forward to having the FDIC Chairman here once the Inspector General completes its audits. We will continue looking into this. This is a very critical issue.    And the record will remain open for two weeks for additional comment and written questions from the members.    The hearing is adjourned.