    Ms. Merriweather. Good morning. Thank you so much for having me today. It is an esteemed honor to share my story with everyone.    When I was growing up, college was a dream that I did not even know I had, and if it was not for the educational option Florida gave me 12 years ago, I would not be sitting here today.    If you were to rewind my life back when I was in elementary school, you would see someone totally different, someone who was disruptive, the teachers dreaded having come through the door, someone who got into physical fights with her classmates, someone who was destined to drop out before she made it to high school, but thankfully, I did not become a statistic.    Growing up, I was a student who did not pick up concepts and ideas very quickly, and I struggled to keep up with my classmates. I moved around town constantly when I lived with my biological mother, and consequently, that meant I missed a lot of days of school, my grades were terrible, and everything seemed to go down hill.    Each time I moved, it was very hard for me to adjust to my different school, the different teachers, different classmates. I got picked on by students because I was doing so poorly in school. I was often bullied. I kept getting into fights, and to make matters worse, I ended up failing the third grade not once but twice.    All too well, it seemed my future was mapped out for me. I would follow in the footsteps of my mother, my brother, and my uncle, who all dropped out of school.    I hated going to school, and it was a nightmare. I thought school was a punishment for being the kid. One of the first things my godmother wanted to do when I began to live with her permanently the summer before my 6th grade year, was to find a better school environment for me, and that is when she heard about Esprit de Corps Center for Learning, a small private school in Jacksonville, Florida, but she could not afford the tuition.    A friend of hers told her about the tax credit scholarship program, Step Up for Students. Although she had to pay a little bit more to go along with the scholarship, she was willing to sacrifice for my education. And to be honest, Esprit de Corps was just the change I needed.    Before I even stepped foot on my new school's campus, I met with one of the teachers there, and she helped me to learn my times tables with my reading because it was so low, and some other concepts that I could not grasp. When I started at Esprit de Corps in the 6th grade, the adjustment was fairly smooth because of the extra attention that I received.    This class size was so small, I only had eight students in my class, and it was awesome because the teachers could walk around and ask us questions about things that we had questions on and things we did not know we had questions on.    As the time at Esprit de Corps passed, by the first semester, my grades went from Ds and Fs to As and Bs, and I continued to make the Honor Roll constantly.    I say here to you guys today that Esprit de Corps really changed my life. It gave me a new perspective on education, and it gave me a passion to want to learn. They even helped me to fund my ACT, SAT, and college application fees.    The motto at Esprit de Corps is a school where learning is a joy, excellence is the norm, and superiority is our goal, and that was insistently graved into me. Although when I first started at Esprit de Corps, I was behind, it became a competition, and I wanted to meet their expectations.    In 2010, I became the first in my family to graduate from high school, and in 2014, I became the first in my family to earn my Bachelor's degree, and in 2017, I will be the first to earn my graduate degree.    The cycle of poverty is ending in my family because of the Florida tax credit scholarship. I received a quality education and because of my example, my siblings are now seeing how to take advantage of educational opportunities that come their way.    I am committed to advocating for educational options because so many doors have been opened for me, and I want to create those same open doors for other students. I have seen the power of tailored education demonstrated in my own life, and I would like to see it expanded in future generations and in this one.    It has proven to be effective in my life, school choice, and I am so thankful to share my story with you guys today. Thank you so much.    Ms. Merriweather. Thank you so much.    Ms. Merriweather. Yes, I am actually getting my Master's in social work. Every time I tell someone it is befitting because of my family dynamics and me wanting to make a change in my family, and yes, my siblings are now seeing my example, and even other members in my family, my biological mother, she often tells me, you know, thank you so much, you really inspire me and I am so happy that I actually gave you basically to my godmother in order for her to impart into me.    It was really amazing that I could get the tax credit scholarship and my younger siblings are now receiving it as well, and they are taking advantage of the same education.    Ms. Merriweather. I do, and I just would like to add that when the discussion that we are having here today seems to not be the discussion of whether we should have school choice or whether we should not, it just seems accountability, and I totally agree there should be checks and balances with private schools, charter schools, virtual schools, all forms of school choice.    I am thankful to hear that the discussion is not whether this program is not effective and not needed, rather, it is where do we come in and make sure everyone is accountable.    Ms. Merriweather. I do not know the rules and regulations of it. I just know when I was in school and when my siblings, my biological siblings, were in the public schools, the schools that we went to were low performing, and we did not have all the resources that we needed, and the teachers dreaded coming to school, and if we acted out, which most of us did, we were given punishment that was not good.    When I went to a private school, when I started trying to act out and do those types of things, I was chastised in different ways. I was given alternative ways to cope with the things that I was feeling at home, the social issues that I was actually dealing with.    Ms. Merriweather. Most definitely. I love to tell people, everyone in my class, all six of us, we all went off to college, and we all are now in grad school or are working, and we are making a different life for ourselves and many of our parents, you know, had to grow up unfortunately in, and that is the story of many of the other kids that went to my school. They have made a difference and they are excelling in school currently and have graduated from high school.    Ms. Merriweather. Thank you so much. It is heartfelt. I met a little boy, and currently in Florida, the program is being sued, and he was looking at me crying, and he said am I going to be kicked out of my school. It was so heartbreaking because I actually felt it and I asked myself, you know, what if I was not given this opportunity to be able to attend this private school, and would I be the same person I am today, and my answer to myself was no.    It is heartbreaking that every kid does not have the opportunity to attend a school of their parents' choice because so many times low income kids are trapped into a district where their schools are underperforming.    I would like to add that the elementary school that I went to, one of them, it was--I hate to say this--it was terrible. Today, it is not, you know. They turned around and it is a magnet school.    It is great that there are systems of changing and evolving schools, and that is the whole point of this.    Ms. Merriweather. I thank you for that because I think you bring up a very valid point because sometimes in a school setting, we forget that a child is a whole person, and that there are things they are dealing with outside of school.    I think that was it for me really, to be at a school where someone was not only interested in my academia, but they were actually interested in my life and bettering my life, and giving me the things that I needed.    I mentioned that they helped me pay for my college applications and testing because I would not have been able to do it by myself or just with my godmother. They assisted me with that also. They cared about the whole person.    I am not saying that public schools do not either, but there are so many students that it is kind of hard to actually invest in each one of them.    Ms. Merriweather. Most definitely. So, Esprit de Corps was a church based school, a church that I actually attended. Coming from a public school where I kind of lived the dual lifestyle of acting out, not really listening to my teachers, and then going to church with my godmother, I lived, you know, a dual life.    Going to Esprit de Corps and actually having most of the people that went to the church work at Esprit de Corps, it was very different for me and kind of a culture shock because I was not used to having those two worlds collide.    By me having that experience, I actually was kind of forced innately to behave myself. So, that transition was very different for me personally, but it paid off because the acting in the beginning became a lifestyle, and I actually wanted to learn, and I actually wanted to better myself as an individual.