    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing to discuss the implementation of the bipartisan law we worked to craft and enact last year. I look forward to the dialogue with both Secretary King and the panel of expert witnesses concerning the Department's ongoing efforts to provide States and school districts with the clarity and guidance necessary to ensure effective implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act.    As I have previously stated, I am proud of our collective efforts to craft a strong bipartisan law that was worthy of the President's signature. Doing so is no small feat. However, passing legislation is only one step of many. Fulfilling the promise of the Every Student Succeeds Act rests on its successful implementation that honors Congress' longstanding intent of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the intent to support and promote and protect at all levels of government the right to an educational opportunity for every child, regardless of race, income, language status or disability.    While ESSA returns much decision-making power to the State and local level, it is not a blank check. The Federal law includes important guardrails, most importantly that States and school districts are required to take action when students are not learning.    States and districts get to decide which actions are most appropriate in each school's unique context, but taking some action is not negotiable. A robust regulatory framework is necessary to ensure that States and school districts are getting the job done and taking action and each and every school is required to do so by federal law.    The regulations require States and local districts to fully comply with the Federal law. Getting this right is hard work, and the Federal Government has an important role to play.    I wanted to thank the Department of Education under the leadership of then acting Secretary King for moving so quickly to provide feedback for and to provide necessary clarity to practitioners, parents, and community members through the proposed regulations.    I also want to commend the Secretary and staff for their transparency and continued collaboration with members in this committee and our staff throughout the process. The Department has demonstrated a commitment to fulfilling its regulatory responsibilities critical to helping States and school districts move forward expeditiously.    On this point, there is considerable agreement. Although some State and local stakeholder groups originally urged that there be no regulatory framework, those very same groups in combination with others on the negotiated rulemaking panel reached an agreement on the proposed assessment regulatory text.    We thank members of that panel, including the Department, for working and making compromises to reach consensus on proposed regulations with some of the most contemptuous and challenging issues in the entire law. Their consensus serves as a powerful affirmation of the need for the clarity and direction that the regulations provide.    In addition to the negotiated rulemaking process, the Department recently released its proposed regulatory text for accountability, intervention, data reporting, and consolidated state plan development for public commenting. Again, I want to thank the Secretary for moving so quickly. Many individuals and groups request additional regulatory clarity on these important issues and the Department heeded those requested as the Department has done in the past.    I am sure the robust dialogue, with all stakeholders, including Congress, will inform revisions and improvements in the proposal during the 60-day comment period which closes August 1st.    I look forward to hearing from today's experts on the specifics of the Department's proposal. And just as the Federal Government works to meaningfully to engage the diverse stakeholders to effectively implement the new law, State and local leaders must use the clarity provided by the Federal regulations to work collaboratively with all stakeholders in the development of new plans as the implementation moves forward.    The upcoming election will usher in a new administration. With less than six months before that transition, Secretary King's time at the Department is winding down. And with this upcoming change in leadership, States and school districts need the consistency and dependability to provide regulations, election year or not.    I look forward to hearing from the Secretary about his efforts to put in place a meaningful regulatory framework that empowers States and districts to fulfill the congressional intent and improve educational equity beyond the current administration. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin, I would like to submit for the record documents, one a statement released yesterday by 31 civil rights groups calling for stronger accountability regulations and another letter from the leadership of the Tri-Caucus urging the Secretary and the administration to fulfill its regulatory obligation and protect the civil rights of all students, including that supplement not supplant and--    Mr. Scott. Thank you. And Mr. Secretary, when you propose regulations as a comment period, what is the purpose of the comment period and what happens after the comment period?    Mr. Scott. You mentioned supplement not supplant. There's language in Brown v. Board of Education that said that the opportunity of education is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.    If a locality is chronically underfunding certain schools, is there not an obligation to come up with some appropriate equitable funding outside of the ESSA?    Mr. Scott. And then supplement and not supplant would mean that you would have to supplement over what your legal obligation is, is that right?    Mr. Scott. Can you say a word about how you identified--how you make sure that all students in underserved schools receive the support that they need in light of the fact that some schools look like they are doing okay but subgroups are not performing?    Mr. Scott. Now, you mentioned the bottom 5 percent. There is some suggestion that the data collected will not allow you to rank schools and if you cannot rank schools, how do you ascertain the bottom 5 percent?    Mr. Scott. Last month, the GAO released a study that I requested, along with former Ranking Member George Miller and Judiciary Committee Ranking Member John Conyers, on segregation in public schools K-12. The GAO report found that there is an increase in racial and socioeconomic segregation and that it is getting worse.    I have asked for hearings and, hopefully, one day we will have hearings on that, but what can ESSA do to reduce racial and socioeconomic segregation in our public schools?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Scott. Mr. Chairman, can we submit to the record a letter from the Tri-Caucus on accountability to the Secretary?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess this is for everybody. I just wanted to know if there is any situation where it would be good policy to withhold school improvement resources and technical assistance to help improve a school just because a school is actually improving one school climate equality indicator, but is still failing to perform for the children? Should we be able to withhold school improvement resources?    Anybody think that we ought to be able to withhold school improvement resources just because they may be improving on one, but failing on many others?    Ms. Hall, on the participation rate the statute requires a meaningful factor. Assessment participation rates requires States to meaningfully factor in assessment participation rates for their accountability systems.    How do you require a school-level consequence if they miss their participation rate?    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Mr. Pruitt, you have been working on accountability equality and equity and made the point that just calculating a summative score does not spur improvement. How can you use--well, two things. One, how do you ascertain the bottom 5 percent that have to be addressed and how do you use the assessment to actually spur improvement?    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Mr. Schuler, you have suggested that a multi-metric accountability system is important. The ESSA encourages that, so I want to ask you what the draft regulation, including guardrails, to ensure low performance of traditionally underserved students is not masked, to make sure that your overall score does not mask the subgroups.    What multi-measure system do you envision with a low-achieving subgroup but a high graduation rate, for example? How do you make sure that you are not submerging the underperforming group?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for convening the hearing. A lot of issues were brought forward, one of which was the idea of supplement not supplant. As I indicated, since the Brown decision, there is a constitutional responsibility to provide an equal educational opportunity, and supplement not supplant should be supplemental over and above, not an unconstitutionally underfunded level. But what it should have been, at least a bare minimum under the Constitution providing equal educational opportunity and then it should be supplemental because under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 we recognized some challenges that occur when there is a significant concentration of poverty. So we need to make sure that we do not excuse those localities that are not funding education up to at least a constitutional level.    There are a lot of other issues that came up, but I think the Secretary indicated that we are in the comment period and if comments need to be made on regulations, now is the time to make those comments known. He also indicated that he is going to be seriously considering all of those comments and there is no reason to believe that he will not.    So, Mr. Chairman, thank you for giving me, the witnesses, the Secretary, and the panel the opportunity to comment on the regulations. We did a lot of work to enact the Every Student Succeeds Act. It is a bipartisan effort and we hopefully can continue to go forward in a bipartisan manner.