    Mrs. Hartzler. Either one works, but I am proud to be a lifelong farmer and glad to be here today in this very, very important issue. I appreciate your testimony.    I wanted to start with Mr. Weber and Mr. Smith. Secretary Vilsack recently stated that if we lose the appeal of the WTO, Congress essentially has two options; come up with some sort of generic label, or repeal the current law. So I was just wondering, has the Secretary approached either of your organizations to discuss possible alternatives to a full repeal of COOL?    Mrs. Hartzler. Mr. Smith?    Mrs. Hartzler. So if we repeal COOL and the President signs the legislation into law, do you believe that would immediately end the threat of retaliation? Everybody.    Mrs. Hartzler. Right. Good. Okay, so back to Mr. Wenk and Mr. Smith. From the outset, many of us had concerns that a Country-of-Origin Labeling requirement would add cost to the processing and marketing of meat products, and it seemed that USDA shared those concerns, and in the 2009 final rule implementing COOL, USDA estimated that the first year implementation cost for growers, producers, processors, wholesalers and retailers would be $2.6 billion, and this was their original estimate. The rule also stated that the estimated economic benefits associated with the rule were ``likely to be small.'' So they saw this coming.    So to what extent have cattlemen and pork producers borne this cost?    Mrs. Hartzler. Is that passed on to the consumer? Have costs been passed on to the consumer as a result of this rule?    Mrs. Hartzler. Clearly, there is no upside to this. It is not good for America, it is not good for the producers, the processors, and it is not good for the mom that goes to the grocery stores having to pay more for products. And so we really do need to repeal it.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentlewoman's time has expired.    We are within our time constraints, so we will move into round two. I have a question for you, Mr. Weber.    The U.S. has imported millions of feeder pigs from Canada. These feeder pigs have been essential to help fully utilize pork producing capacity in the United States. For the record has, Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling had an effect on the availability of those feeder pigs?    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Smith, I wanted to explore some other implications. We talked about economic cost, but in your opinion, do you believe that Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling has had an effect on consolidation within the beef cattle industry?    Mrs. Hartzler. Makes sense. How has Country Origin of Labeling impacted the demand for Canadian cattle, and how could this impact the level of retaliation the U.S. will face if we lose the WTO appeal?    Mrs. Hartzler. Yes.    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. Ms. Bodor, we share your concerns if the U.S. loses its appeal, Canada and Mexico may take retaliatory actions against confectionary exports. So do you have an estimate of the economic damage this could cause your industry if we fail to repeal Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling for meat?    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. Years.    Mrs. Hartzler. Very serious. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I want to thank each of our witnesses for appearing today, and I appreciate your testimony very much.    Just a closing comment from myself. I have observed over a long period of time that our trade agreements are incredibly important to growing the economy here in the United States, particularly important for agriculture, our poultry and pork industries specifically as it relates to my district. And it is also my experience that in all these trade negotiations, past, present and future, everybody around the world has an axe to grind, no use in giving them another axe.    And with that, let me adjourn the hearing. Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any question posed by a Member.    This Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture hearing is now adjourned.