    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg, how will you rate the FDIC on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest as a user-friendly organization as it relates to the application process?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I'll judge it if you don't, so go ahead and give me a number.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Let me tell you the reason why I ask that, Mr. Gruenberg, because there is a belief that you have a retaliatory environment in the FDIC. And I'm here to tell you that the reason why I'm not going to give you real examples by banks is because they're afraid that you will come after them. And I'm here to tell you that I'm not going to allow that to happen.    So let me give you some real examples, since you're talking hypothetically, let me give you some real examples. You've heard from Mr. Browning and Mr. Williams. Is there any reason why you would only have a 4 percent approval rating, in an environment that's encouraging new banks, other than low interest rates, because you're looking at a business model, and I was a business guy, and actually--you know, Mr. Johnson actually was in North Carolina.    I knew Mr. Fuqua of which the school of where he practiced, I knew him personally. And so here's what I'm saying is, this retaliatory environment is very concerning. So how do you respond to that? Do you retaliate or do you not?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Well, I'm aware of some communications, from your FDIC personnel from here in D.C., that says we're going to teach them a lesson, we're going to go after them, we're going to make them sweat. Would you like copies of those emails in--because let me tell you where I have--from a regulations and a regulatory standpoint, that is inexcusable. Wouldn't you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So if that happened and you're going after people, what are the consequences for those that have that kind of environment and have been sending out those kinds of emails? Will you fire them?    Mr. Meadows. But if they retaliated against somebody, will you get rid of them?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Well, I'm going the give you the facts because let me tell you what I've got concerns about. Is I've got regulators that come in, and what they do is they say: Well, we need to make more loans to people that are underserved. And you tell that same bank: Well, you need to watch your aging process because it's going 30, 90 days. And when the banker tells your regulators that those are two conflicting issues, you know what your regulator said? True statement. You're the banker. You figure it out.    Now, that is deplorable. Wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt to believe that somewhere in your organization these kinds of things are just not rising to your level. But here's where I'm going to tell you, I'm going to work with the chairman to make sure that you understand that we are not going to tolerate this kind of chilling effect on this industry, because what it does is it affects not the--it doesn't affect the high income folks.    It affects the places that Mr. Williams serves. It affects Baltimore. It affects many of the places that, quite frankly, they need banks. And Mr. Johnson is talking about too big to fail. Well, this whole process will create where we only have a few big banks because you're not going to approve the community banks. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. I'm talking about after that, Mr. Gruenberg. You keep going back. The pendulum was you approved 75 percent. Now you come in to approve 4 percent. Somewhere in the middle is where we need to be. Wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Meadows. So when is the pendulum going to swing back and you're going to start to approve some of these things?    Mr. Meadows. Well, here's what I want. As this hearing, I want whistleblowers, in the industry, to let us know--and we're going to give them the same protection because we're not going to give you the names of those--and when we get the emails, do I have your commitment that heads are going to roll if they continue this kind of process?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I've got one in terms of some lawsuits that you've got going on right now in discovery, and I found some stuff that's not even from my State. Are you willing to look into that as well? Because you're going after it in a real draconian way to try to prove something that, quite frankly, doesn't serve the American people and it doesn't serve the banking institute. Do I have your commitment to look into that?    Mr. Meadows. I yield back.    Mr. Meadows. Sure.    Mr. Meadows. Well, and I thank the ranking member, and you have my commitment. I'll clear my calendar this afternoon, tomorrow, I will stay in August if you want to address this, but here's what we need to do. Is we need to take these real examples, and we can just take a random sample of all the ones that have been denied or inaction, and there is a problem is it's not even that there's action.    It's just that they're out there in this holding pattern with you not making the decision and not making decisions on behalf of it. I'm willing to work with the ranking member in a real transparent way to address this problem.    Mr. Meadows. I yield back.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Missouri. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois, my good friend, Ms. Kelly.    Mr. Meadows. I believe the gentlewoman's time is expired, but--it didn't inspire 5 minutes and 48 seconds ago, but I think we are 48 seconds into expiration.    Mr. Meadows. The gentleman from Tennessee is recognized    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch for 5 minutes    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Johnson, we will have a follow-up discussion about the security of sweep accounts versus a traditional deposit relationship at some particular future time. But I can assure you, being very familiar, I don't know that your statement is accurate 100 percent of the time. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. But would your statement be accurate 100 percent of the time that sweep accounts are not as secure as traditional banking relationship deposit accounts, 100 percent of the time, your sworn testimony?    I would challenge you, I would be careful, because it's sworn testimony. Is it 100 percent of the time? Is that an accurate statement?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Johnson, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. A hundred percent of the time?    Mr. Meadows. No, I'm trying to get----    Mr. Meadows. Well, it is unreasonable for you to challenge the integrity of someone sitting to your right when your statement may not be accurate 100 percent of the time.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I would invite you to come to my office, and we'll have a long economic and perhaps financial discussion over coffee that I'll be glad to provide, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Gruenberg, let me come back to you, because there's three different areas that we need to clear up.    One is, you have laid out in very, what I would classify as ambiguous terms, how you're going to make sure that new bank applications improve. You've talked in generality, and in the sales environment we would say that's like vaporwear.    What I need from you is a business plan. If you were a bank applying for an application for a new charter, based on the ambiguous nature of your plan to improve it, it would be denied.    And so I guess what I need are specific timeframes. What can a consumer, wanting to establish a new charter, expect if they have a prediscussion? Because there are comments that you have a don't-call-us-we-will-call-you mentality on those pre-application meetings as it relates--which provides a chilling effect in terms of new application.    And I guess the results speak for themselves. If we only had two applications last year, there is a problem somewhere. Wouldn't you agree with that.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So here's what I need are specific deadliness, that if someone contacts you--and I don't want to go over historical, because it was much faster prior to 2007 than it is from 2010 to current timeframes--what kind of timeframe can a new charter application expect to get a real response from you? And what are those benchmarks? And so I'd like a business plan. And can you get that to this committee in the next 120 days?    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    All right. Further, on all the applications that are either pending or have been denied, do you know what the total market cap that we're looking at? I mean, what would be the capital requirement for all of these? Because Mr. Browning said his was $30 million that he was going to provide, and you said that you can approve most that are $2 to $3 million. What are we looking at?    Mr. Meadows. Well, we need to find that, and so that's why I'm asking whether it's in the pre or the official filing. We need to know. Because when we're talking about saving the American taxpayer's dollar, you could potentially approve 100 percent of these, and we're talking about a gnat on an elephant's back in terms of other regulatory compliance issues in the banking industry. Wouldn't you agree? That these are small potential risk to the American taxpayer.    Mr. Meadows. Would you agree that it's small relative to the entire financial institutions?    But you can get me a market cap on what we're looking at, the potential?    Mr. Meadows. All right. In that same 120-day timeframe?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Then the last thing that I would ask from you, Mr. Mulvaney was asking about potential Dodd-Frank compliance issues that should not apply to small or medium-sized banks, and you didn't want to give an official response to that. Here's what I would ask you to do, is officially respond to this committee in writing what Dodd-Frank compliance issue should not come all the way down to the smaller midsize or community banks and what should Congress look at to, perhaps, amend the Dodd-Frank regulations, because it is, perhaps, too onerous on those smaller institutions that do not provide the same risk that a larger institution perhaps. Can you provide three of those within the next 30 days?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    I'll yield back. I thank you.    Mr. Meadows. Sure.