    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director Allison, with regard to the particular incident, I realize it is under investigation, but could you speak to how it was initially discovered? Internally or externally?    Mr. Russell. And with that in view, for either one of you or both, how many of the most egregious incidents of misconduct have not been discovered by internal audits, inspections, or investigations?    Mr. Russell. I guess I'm curious to know--you know, the hallmark of a professional organization is that it discovers its own warts and makes corrections. So how many of these most egregious incidents that, you know, you come to testify on have not been discovered by internal audits, investigations, or inspections?    Mr. Russell. Would you characterize that the vast majority have been discovered internally by your organizations and then it becomes public, or vice versa?    Mr. Russell. Yeah. And that's really kind of the point I'm trying to make, is that the hallmark of a professional organization, it discovers its own warts.    And, you know, Mr. Chairman, with regard to one of our colleagues using the line of reasoning that, you know, the irrelevancy of the Federal Air Marshal program due to sexual misconduct incidents, I am mindful of the number of Members of Congress over the years that have committed sexual misconduct. One list has over 60. But no one would suggest that maybe we ought to eliminate Congress because of these trysts. And I think it's important to note that.    It doesn't mean that we don't have problems. I think you have displayed some professionalism here today in how you go after these incidents and that we have to do them. Because of the secretive nature of some of the work, a lot of the good news stories, intercepts, the incidents of terrorism that never happened, will never go reported. And so I just wanted to say thanks.    But there is, obviously, a lot more that can be done. Now, you have detailed some of those things in, for lack of a better term, establishing a good command climate or a good, you know, control of the organization. Alcohol, wine, women, and song has been the bane of law enforcers and soldiers for millennia.    What other than these sensing sessions or alcohol intervention programs, what other than that, though, are you doing to directly interface somebody's moral conduct and moral fiber so that when you are not present and they are by themselves that they will do the right thing? Could you speak to that?    Mr. Russell. Well, one thing that might be helpful, and, you know, with appreciation to the sensitive nature of the work, is the scope and scale to show incidents vice number of people that are doing the job.    I'm not going to ask you to speak to those numbers here, but it might be very useful for us to see the scope and scale, that really, you know, these are either a major percentage or a problem, or maybe they're in isolation and they've been discovered internally by your organization.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.