    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you. I will do my best.    Chairman Rogers, Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the IRS budget and current operations.    I want to begin by thanking you for the $290 million in additional funding for fiscal year 2016. These funds were specifically designated for improving taxpayer service, strengthening cybersecurity, and expanding our efforts against identity theft. It is the first time in 6 years the IRS has received significant additional funding. It is a major step in the right direction, and I can assure the Congress and this committee we will use these resources wisely and efficiently.    But the IRS is still under significant financial constraints. Even with the additional $290 million, our budget for 2016 is still about $900 million below where it was in 2010. As a result, we have had no choice but to continue the exception-only hiring policy that began in fiscal year 2011, that leaves us unable to replace most employees we lose through the year through attrition. In fact, we expect the IRS workforce to continue to shrink by another 2,000 to 3,000 full-time employees this year, for a total loss of more than 17,000 employees since 2010.    We recognize the importance of spending taxpayer dollars wisely, and we will continue working to find efficiencies in our operations. But a fact that often gets overlooked is the U.S. is much more efficient in its tax collection than most other countries. The average OECD member country spends $8.87 to collect $1,000 of revenue, while the U.S. spends only $4.70, about half. And so, I believe, it is important to understand that we already are one of the most efficient tax administrations in the world.    The IRS is also continuing to strengthen our operations as we move forward. In that regard, we have addressed a number of management problems that developed in the past, including all of the issues that Chairman Crenshaw mentioned. We have dealt with all of those. Those problems are not going to recur again.    And in particular, in the tax-exempt area, of concern to all of us, we welcomed the Senate Finance Committee's bipartisan report issued in August. And in addition to having accepted all of the IG's recommendations made 3 years ago in its report, we accepted, and have virtually completed, the implementation of all of the recommendations of the Senate Finance Committee bipartisan report, including the recommendations in the majority report and the recommendations in the minority report.    In developing our funding request for fiscal year 2017, we felt it was important to be as specific as possible in describing our priorities and the cost of each one. So while the President's 2017 budget for the IRS requests a total increase of about a billion dollars, we have broken that down into 15 separate initiatives. We believe this will give Congress a good sense of how we intend to spend any increase in funding we might receive.    And, I think equally important, we are prepared to be held accountable for achieving the goals related to each initiative. Let me briefly highlight some of the major areas covered by these initiatives.    First, taxpayer service. The additional funding will help us improve service delivered through traditional channels, and allow us to continue modernizing the services we offer, to help transform the taxpayer experience.    Second, stolen identity refund fraud. The additional funding will allow us to keep investing in resources and tools to stay ahead of criminals who continue to become more sophisticated in stealing identities and filing false refunds.    Third, our core enforcement programs. With this additional funding, we would, for example, be able to increase audits and collections. This increase is critical because the ongoing decline in enforcement activities we have seen in the last several years has translated into, literally, billions of dollars of lost revenue for the government.    Fourth, the Affordable Care Act. We have no choice but to implement it. It is a statutory mandate, and we must continue to invest in IT infrastructure to support implementation of the ACA's most tax-related provisions. I would point out that for the past 4 years, the IRS has received almost no funding for this implementation, and we have had to use over $1 billion of resources needed for other critical IT functions in order to meet our statutory obligations under the ACA.    And fifth, electronic records management. Although we have been making progress in preserving and protecting emails and other electronic records, we need to continue making improvements so we can respond faster and completely to legal and congressional inquiries, as well as FOIA requests.    While providing adequate funding in these and other areas is critical, Congress can also help us by passing legislation to improve tax administration. In that regard, the President's 2017 budget request contains a number of legislative proposals I would urge Congress to approve.    They include renewing streamlined critical pay authority, allowing us to expand the matching program for taxpayer identification numbers, granting us authority to require minimum qualifications for paid tax preparers, and expanding the electronic filing requirements for businesses.    This concludes my statement, Mr. Chairman. I would be happy to answer any questions you have.    Mr. Koskinen. I am delighted to explain. We have given this Committee a detailed spending plan, but our goal is your goal, and that is not only to spend the money, but see the results. As I have said all along, you ought to be able to tell what you get for what you pay.    In taxpayer service, we will spend, of the $290 million, about $178 million specifically to improve taxpayer service.    Mr. Koskinen. And we are going to do that, by hiring up to 1,000 new temporary and seasonal people. We hire several thousand every year, 8,000 to 10,000, to staff the call centers, to staff our walk-in centers, to deal with all the correspondence. It takes us a little while to get them hired, but already the results are in. We have about 25 million returns already filed, and the level of taxpayer service has already gone up.    Our goal for the filing season is to have taxpayer service move from the 37 percent, 40 percent area into the low 60 percent area. It won't be where we think it needs to be, because the $290 million was out of a request, last year, for an additional $700 million in those three areas.    Part of the reason we have more requests for additional funding for taxpayer service in the 2017 budget is that we think the level of service ought to be at 80 percent; 80 percent of people ought to get through, inside 2 to 5 minutes, to somebody they need to talk to.    Specifically, the thousand people, the additional adjustment of resources, will allow us this year, we think, to have a taxpayer level of service in the low 60 percent. Our goal would be to try to get to 70 percent. But if we have the additional funding in 2017, we could get to 80 percent.    Mr. Koskinen. Virtually half of it now. Of the $290 million, $178 million.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. Well over half of the money will be on taxpayer service.    Mr. Koskinen. Cybersecurity.    Mr. Koskinen. Identity theft. As I have said in my testimony, we called together, almost a year ago, the CEOs of the major tax preparers, the software developers, the payroll providers, as well as the State tax administrators. And I told them when they came together--it was the first time we had ever had that kind of a summit--that the goal was not for me to tell them what to do, or the IRS to tell them what to do. The goal was to create a true partnership, because we cannot deal with identity theft, any one of those groups, by ourselves. We need to actually work in concert with the private sector, with the States.    And we have had remarkable success. We have virtually the entire tax ecosystem, as it were, working with us to share information, to spot suspicious patterns of refund filing. We have also worked with them to establish minimum standards of authentication. When taxpayers use their services, as one of the CEOs said, ``You need--the IRS--to set a standard.'' And I said: I am happy to set that standard, as long as you define it so it works for you.    The net result of that is that we have 20 different data elements that we now have, that we didn't have before. We are sharing information on a regular basis. We have been able to actually move forward in such a way that the private sector leaders move from requesting, to almost demanding, that we make the partnership permanent, because it has been so effective for them, for the States, and us.    Mr. Koskinen. In 2013, the GAO number in review with us was about $5 billion. We think we have it down, but it is still a significant number. We think this year--we already see--we have been able, thanks to having found some money ourselves, to get our filters to work better. Part of the way we caught the attack that took place in the last couple weeks was improved detection capacity.    And what we would do with the $95 million we are devoting to cybersecurity, out of the $290 million, and we have specific additional resources we are providing that we will share with you, is we hope we will be able to finally begin to catch up with, if not get ahead of, the criminals.    One of the ways we measure that is the percentage of suspicious returns and refunds we are able to stop. We already have stopped 300,000 suspicious returns just in the front end of this filing season, many of which we would not have been able to stop before. So it is the IT monitoring. It is being able to segregate our systems to be able to determine what is going on.    In the most recent attack, as we stopped one attack, we could watch it moving. As I said yesterday, one of the things people don't realize is we are all in this battle, and that is why I brought the private sector in. We get pinged or probed a million times a day, a number that is hard and mind-boggling to think of.    We are dealing with increasingly sophisticated organized crime syndicates around the world, attacking not only us, but attacking private sector companies and banks. Banks in the financial sectors are part of the security summit that we have put together, and we are working with them regularly.    Mr. Koskinen. We have tried to explain that, ultimately, the government functions on voluntary tax compliance. We collect over $3 trillion a year, the vast majority of it voluntarily.    People participate voluntarily, first, because they think the system is fair. So one of the advantages of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act isn't just the money we will collect, it is that the person in Des Moines or Ashland, Kentucky, when they write their check, will feel rich people aren't getting away with something, hiding their money in Switzerland. That is no longer possible.    People also do it because they know we have information. And while we try to work very hard with taxpayers trying to be compliant, if you are trying to cut corners or cheat, they know if we have got the information, we are not going to be pleased with that, and we will track you down.    Taxpayer service is an element of compliance. In other words, I have always thought enforcement and taxpayer services are two sides of the compliance coin. So we need to provide appropriate taxpayer service. We need to make it as easy as possible for people to figure out what to do if they owe, and how to pay it. We need to be able to do that, for those who wish, online. Most people don't want to call us. They would like to get the information and just file.    On the other hand, enforcement is important. It is not so much the $50 billion to $60 billion we collect with the enforcement funding, although that is significant money, obviously; it is that, again, people feel that, if I didn't pay, somebody would come and collect. And therefore, if the enforcement activities begin to decline, and people over the water cooler at their country clubs are saying, ``Well, you know, I did this and nobody called me'' or I got away with that, it is corrosive to compliance.    Simply leading into this year, we have 5,000 fewer revenue agents, officers, and criminal investigators. At the end of this year, we will have 6,500 fewer. The fewer people we have, the fewer audits we do. The audit coverage rate has gone from 1.1 percent to 0.6 percent.    So we estimate on the numbers--and again, we are happy to share those performance measures--that, it is costing the government $4 billion to $5 billion lost every year. And I guess it is the audits and the cases that we cannot pursue because we do not have enough people to do that.    We lose money on the one hand, but we also undercut--at some point risk undercutting--the voluntary compliance system if people think that the enforcement mechanism in the IRS is being constrained, underfunded, and no longer effective.    Mr. Koskinen. I think, around the world, tax collectors are not the world's most popular group. Many people ask me: Why did you take this job?    It is important, I think, ultimately for people to understand tax collection is a critical function of government. Not only do we collect 93 percent of the money that funds the programs everyone else supports, but we deal with virtually every American. We, in the last year, had 150 million individuals file tax returns.    And that is why I agree with the Chairman: taxpayer service is a critical issue. It is why I was as concerned, more concerned probably, than most people about the relatively abysmal level of service last year. Taxpayers deserve, and need to be able to get, service properly. When you call us, you should be able to get through, you should be able to get somebody knowledgeable, well-trained, able to answer your question.    As Justice Holmes said a long time ago, taxes are the price we pay for democracy. Basically, without the funding, the government can't function, whether it is defense, whether it is Social Security, whatever it is.    We have an obligation. I take Chairman Rogers' point and Chairman Crenshaw's point, that we have an obligation, not only to provide effective service and appropriate service and appropriate collection activities, but we have an obligation for taxpayers to feel they are going to get treated fairly. That it doesn't matter who they voted for, what party they belong to, what organization they support.    And as I have said, people need to understand--because even with the low coverage rate we will still do a million audits this year--they need to understand when they hear from us, it is because of something in their return. And if somebody else had that same issue, subject to resource constraints, they would hear from us as well.    One of the things I have taken on, and I think the concerns have been appropriate, it is critical for us to ensure that we restore whatever trust has been lost in the ability of this agency to function as a tax administration agency, without any agendas beyond that, treating everyone fairly.    Most importantly, one of the things I have been trying to stress is, we spend a phenomenal amount of time trying to help taxpayers. I know we have an image of, well, you know, we knock on the door, we are chasing you for money. We spend a phenomenal amount of time on assistance.    And as I have said, if you are trying to be compliant, you don't have to call somebody on late night TV to deal with us. You can call us. We will try to figure out. If you are having trouble making a payment, we have online installment agreements, we have offers in compromise. Our goal is to have people be compliant when they are trying to be compliant.    Mr. Koskinen. I testified 2 years ago, shortly after I became the IRS Commissioner, and noted, in fact, at my confirmation hearing 2\1/2\ years ago, this agency does statutory mandates. The chairman has talked about our efforts. With no funding, we have a number of statutory mandates. Unfunded or not, we do them. We have taken the ABLE Act seriously. We take all of the statutory mandates seriously, including private debt collection. When the Congress gives us a requirement, we do it. It is the highest priority.    So Congress, as I noted in my testimony, has underfunded us for the Affordable Care Act. That does not remove the statutory mandate we have to implement the act. We have to implement the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. We have no choice.    So when no funding is provided for those, we have to find the funding somewhere else. And as I said 2 years ago, at the continued level of underfunding, the things that were going to suffer were going to be enforcement, taxpayer service, and, ultimately, information technology.    The $900 million that we did not get for information technology, for funding the unfunded mandates, had to come from other IT projects. We do not replace and install every patch that we get. We get thousands of security patches and upgrades. They all take time and money and effort. We have to prioritize, which we can do----    Mr. Koskinen. No. We have actually, if you look at it, the only thing we have taken from customer service from last year is we have spent fewer user fees there. We have never been fully funded in the last 3 or 4 years for customer service. We have been using our user fees, which normally would help us with unfunded mandates, to support taxpayer service. Last year we provided user fees to taxpayer service, but we did not have enough user fees, as in prior years. We had to spend them elsewhere.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. I am saying, we spent----    Mr. Koskinen. Good.    Mr. Koskinen. We share that goal. The budget process, when you look only at the appropriation, ignores--and we have drawn this to the attention to your staff as well as the Committee--that we have $250 million to $300 million of user fees we collect every year historically. I am sorry, we have $250 million to $300 million----    Mr. Koskinen. We have $250 million to $300 million of user fees that historically have been used for unfunded mandates, other expenditures. Because the appropriation for taxpayer service has not been fulsome, we have historically devoted a lot of those user fees to taxpayer service.    The appropriated amount, you are exactly right, went up by several million dollars. But what we were not able to do last year was put the same amount of user fees into taxpayer services. We ended up spending $100 million less of user fees--and we made that very clear, your staff understands that--on taxpayer service, because those user fees had to be spent to fill the other holes in our budget.    We have the same problem this year. At the end of this year, our balance of user fees will be at the lowest level in the last 15 or 20 years.    Mr. Koskinen. That is right, and one of the reasons we appreciate the Congress' additional funding this year. And we are spending the vast majority of it, over half of it, on taxpayer services. We couldn't agree more.    Two years ago, when our level of service was at a higher level, I noted that if the budget continued to be cut, we were going to see lower enforcement, lower taxpayer service, and threats to IT.    So the Committee's actions, and the Congress' action, by giving us the $290 million, I think, is a significant step forward. As I say, we expect taxpayer service to be significantly better this year. It won't be at the level we want it to be because the funding of $290 million doesn't fill all of the gaps that the $700 million in additional requests last year, for those three areas, would have done. But it will be noticeably different.    I think Chairman Crenshaw is right. If you give us the money, we should be able to show you the results. And my hope is, as taxpayer service gets better this year, the Committee will understand, if more money is provided there, and we don't take it out of someplace else, the service level will ultimately get to a point that 80 percent of people will get through in less than 5 minutes.    It is the goal. We used to be able to do that. Before the budget cuts there were days in the mid-2000s when that was the level.    But I couldn't agree with you more, and we agree with the GAO. We have, ourselves, been noting, as you note, and describing it as unacceptable to continue to run at that level of taxpayer service.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly.    Mr. Koskinen. And in the last 5 years, the budget has gone down every year.    Mr. Koskinen. I have told you. We have spent, the year before that, $150 million to $200 million in user fees on taxpayer service, because it is a priority. Last year, with the additional significant budget cuts, we could not do that. We could only put $50 million of user fees in. So taxpayer service last year, the funding went down by $100 million because of the budget cuts.    But I would stress, we totally agree with you. It is unfair to taxpayers. It is not the way the government ought to operate.    And the wait times are as bad as the so-called courtesy disconnects. You should be able, when you call us, to get through in less than 5 minutes. We won't quite meet the 5-minute deadline this year because, again, we don't have the resources. The increase is significant, but not sufficient. But you will see a noticeable improvement. The Practitioner Priority Line will be better for the first time in several years.    It is a high priority for us. I couldn't agree with you more.    Mr. Koskinen. If it doesn't go, you have a legitimate point, we should be held accountable. If we are going to spend $178 million of taxpayer dollars on taxpayer services, the services should significantly improve, and we are happy to track that with you.    Mr. Koskinen. I could give you a status report right now. As I say, we have had----    Mr. Koskinen. No, no, the status report. The number I have is 25 million returns have been filed, all but a million of them electronically. And while we are still at the front end, the level of service has gone up to 71 percent. So 71 percent of people, as a result of our ability, thanks to your funding, have moved in.    Now, we won't be able to sustain that because we are about to get far more calls the rest of the filing season. But our goal, and we said that in our plan to you, we should be held, measured to, during the filing season this year, going from that 37, 40 percent to the low 60s. Our level of service for the filing season should be 62 percent.    For the year--because we had 3 months before we got the bill and were running at a really crummy level--our expectation is that we will be in the 47 to 50 percent rate, which is significantly better than the 37 percent.    Mr. Koskinen. I will be here.    Chairman Rogers I want you to report to us on the percentage of people whose calls get through.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Those are exactly the right measures, and I will be happy to report those.    Mr. Koskinen. You are very careful.    Mr. Koskinen. Perhaps a way to put this in context for everyone is the President's request for 2017 would get us to the level--forget about inflation--where we were 7 years ago, 2010. I don't think there is any other major agency of the government that presently is asking, in 2017, simply to be restored to 2010's level.    Since 2010, we have 10 million more taxpayers. We have the aforementioned Affordable Care Act, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the Health Coverage Tax Credit, private debt collection act, and other unfunded mandates we are dealing with, with a budget that is not anywhere near where we were 6 years ago, in 2010. The 2017 billion extra would take us back to where we were in 2010.    So over 7 years, we would have been held flat. And yet, in the meantime, if we can get that program integrity cap money, the enforcement revenues, net of the expenses over a 10-year period in the budget, are projected to generate, to the government, a net of $46 billion more revenue, far exceeding the billion dollars that is in that budget, and would be every year.    So, again, I would stress when we talk about this budget, it is another billion dollars, that would take us back to where we were in 2010.    I would also stress, again, we need to be efficient. We need to consolidate our space, we need to make sure that we are not printing anything more than we have to, that we are using our people efficiently.    But you have to understand, France, Germany, England, Canada, and Australia all spend twice as much as we do to collect their revenues. We are already far more efficient as a tax collection agency than anyone else.    I agree we should be as efficient as we can be. But the image that somehow $11 billion, or even $12 billion, is a lot of money and we must be able to do everything with it doesn't correspond with the reality. It is clear to us taxpayer service is a priority, but statutory mandates are also a priority. Running the filing season every year is a priority.    Mr. Koskinen. Sorry.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct. And we are doing, as I said, much more with much less. There is a limit to what you can do with less, and we are well beyond that limit.    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you. Sorry to use so much of your time.    Mr. Koskinen. No. We are dealing with very sophisticated criminals. One of our concerns is, as we get better at dealing with individual fraud, and particularly with the Congress' approval for us to get W-2s earlier so we can match data, we now have criminals forming false corporations and creating false W-2s that look like they are real W-2s. So there is a business fraud issue.    One of the issues we talked about, again, with our partners is, as we get better at detecting fraud, the next place criminals go is to the tax preparers. So there will be more and more private sector companies in the tax system who are being attacked, because if you can get into a preparer's system, you then have all of that information and you can file false refunds.    The goal of all of this activity, as far as we are concerned, as opposed to whatever they are doing with everything else they have got, is to file false returns and get false refunds. We think that by being able to share this information in real time, because of investments we made we have improved. It used to be our filters could be adjusted once a year. We have a very antiquated system. We can now adjust those filters in real time. We can adjust them as a result of the information we get from preparers, from States.    The issues we have had with the recent bot attack, we have immediately been able to share, thanks to the partnership, all of those Social Security numbers with State revenue agencies around the country. We have been able to share all of those with all of our private sector partners.    So we think it is going to be a more formidable battle----    Mr. Koskinen. One of the issues we have is, again, looking at authentication for every way people get into our system. We are satisfied on the installment agreements, for instance, if you are trying to pay us, it is unlikely you are a criminal. The criminals don't pay us, they try to get the money.    On the other hand, we are looking at everybody who has access to our system--preparers, mortgage companies, others--because they are all vehicles and venues that if we can stop people here, they will simply come in other ways.    I would stress the bottom line is, we are making progress. We will never end this battle. The criminal syndicates we are dealing well are too well funded, too creative, and too desperate. Somebody asked me: When will you be done? And I said: The minute you think you are done is when you are going to be done. You can never think that you are finished.    So we have spent a lot of time--and the funding you have given us will improve that--trying to make sure that, to the extent we can, we are getting ahead of it.    What we would do with the additional funding in the 2017 budget is be proactive. Thus far, even with our partners, up until recently, we have been reactive. There is a probe here, and we push back. We find a problem here, and we solve it.    We have a potential, and, again, with this partnership, with all of their security people, to come together and actually start to get ahead of the game. Instead of responding to where the attacks are coming from, beginning to protect ourselves against where we think the next attacks will come from.    Mr. Koskinen. Right.    Mr. Koskinen. Happy to hear that.    And I would just stress, your point, in our work with the private sector, as I have told them, it is a partnership. So we are not telling them to do anything. What we are doing is jointly figuring out, OK, what can we do together.    So when they said, well, they need a standard, obviously, because they don't want to have a competitive disadvantage if it is a little harder to get into one than the other, and as I have said, it has been our approach, OK, we will work with you on developing it. But it will be their standard. And I think that is why it has been such a productive relationship.    Mr. Koskinen. I have been dismayed by the persistence of the scam. For the last 2 years, every press conference I have done, I have mentioned we put out a Dirty Dozen every year. The highest priority has been to warn people against phone scams. Basically, 2 years ago when I started I said: If you are surprised to be hearing from us, you are probably not hearing from us, because we don't call you first. We actually send you letters. You will get several communications from us before you get a call. We work with the IG. We have been working on criminal prosecutions of people we catch.    What is concerning to me is I get news clips every day, and virtually every day there are very good news reports warning people, whether it is on television or print news media, across the country. And it is amazing the number of people who still get that call and they just say: Well, I am going to have to deal with it. A lot of times they are older people. A lot of times they are immigrants.    One of the things we are trying to get people to understand is, if you hear from the IRS, we will never threaten you. We will never tell you that you are going to go to jail the next day, you are going to lose your house. We will never tell you to make a payment to a debit card or to a bank account.    We are committed, and I am personally committed, that on the private debt collection, we are going to do everything we can to make it work. I don't want anybody to think we are slow-rolling it.    Mr. Koskinen. The big challenge we have is that--we are designing the program and the training--we will send a letter to the taxpayer saying: We have turned your account over to a specific company. Part of the contractual relationship is the company will then send a letter to the taxpayer saying: We have been given your account by the IRS and you will be hearing from us.    That, we think, will help. It won't solve the problem. We are then trying to get ahead of the world. We know the criminals will now try to figure out how do they send letters that look a lot like our letters, use the same letterheads, say the same thing. So we are going to work.    We have a bidders conference coming up at the end of this month, again, with the private sector, to say: ``Okay, we have got this problem. We didn't have it the last two times we tried private debt collectors. How can we jointly figure out how to deal with that problem?'' Because it won't do them any good if they call and get hung up on because people say these are more scammers.    Again, I don't think we are going to have the only answer, and we are going to work with the potential contractors. One of the big issues will be how can we buffer their work from all of the efforts we are all making to try to get people not to respond to the phone scams.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. And we are trying in our public relations campaign to tell people just that.    The bottom line is, if we can just get the public to understand, ``If you are going to pay your taxes, you write the check to the U.S. Treasury and you mail it,'' and get people not to go down to the bank and make a debit card deposit today, not to make it to somebody's bank account. And nobody is under the threat of, if they don't do it, in 24 hours something terrible is going to happen.    Mr. Koskinen. I am going to try to get all that done in a 1 minute and 20 seconds.    Mr. Koskinen. But let me start by saying, as I have testified from the start, this is one of the major challenges we have. It is a program a lot of people support. Most people seem to support it. It is for the working poor. And the error rates, and the amount of money going improperly just need to be fixed.    We appreciated your responding to our request to get W-2s earlier. Next year, we will get them in January. As a result of our partnership, we have volunteers who have provided us with 20 million W-2s already this year, and that allows us to double-check, when somebody files, their income, to the extent W-2 income is reported. Next year, also the Congress has said that refunds will be held until February 15 to give us more time to check, and that will be helpful.    The corollary to that, what we need, is to have what we are now calling, because we are trying to keep it narrow, ``correction procedures for specific errors.'' For instance, we are going to work with Social Security to get their identification when people report that they have reported to us the wrong Social Security earnings for the EITC.    When we see an error like that, that is from a reliable database, we can't make the change. We actually have to audit that person. We have to send them letters. We already do over 400,000 EITC audits. So it is clear we can't just audit our way out of the problem.    If we have the ability, as we have in some instances to correct math errors, when we have a reliable database, to make the change, taxpayer can still say, ``Hey, you know, I have got a concern.'' They have the right to come in and disagree. But if we can make those changes without having to audit, we think we could cut down improper payments significantly.    One of the reasons we are talking about, and requesting, the ability to require minimum standards for preparers is not to create a regulatory regime. We had the program before. People know what it would look like, since we did it 4 or 5 years ago. It simply requires some minimum testing of preparers so that they know something about the Tax Code.    A significant number of errors are made in good faith. The statute is very complicated. So if somebody wanted to simplify the statute, that might be OK too. But it is basically preparers, if they have had no training or education, having a difficult time tracking their way through it. So that is what we have in mind for the minimum standards.    We won't drive crooks out of business. There are criminals--a small, very small percent of preparers--who are, in fact, advertising: Come with us, we will get you a big refund. Those people we prosecute as we go.    But if we could get the W-2s earlier, the correction procedure for specific errors would go away. We think the W-2s by themselves will help us make a dent in this problem as we go forward.    To address the question of the due diligence, we have been running pilots, we have been looking at it. Preparers have due diligence questions. The questions are helpful. We have built them into the software. We are working again with the software providers and the preparers to try to figure out what is the reasonable level of due diligence they should have.    Their point is, in the preparers that are preparing--back to the minimum standards--EITC returns, they have a very high error rate. What is also happening, though, is as we get more focused on preparers, then marginal preparers prepare the return and don't sign it. So it looks like it is self-prepared, but it has actually been prepared by a preparer. So we are trying to warn people don't do that, because you may lose your refund if it is a crook.    One of the things we are doing, as actually the Omnibus bill suggested--maybe even required, but I thought it was a good suggestion. I pulled together everybody in the IRS that knows anything about this. They suggested a kind of a summit on     And we are going to do that. We are going to bring preparers, we are going to bring recipients, we will bring people from outside the government, as well as inside the government, to try to sit down, and, again, not tell people what to do, but to try to say: ``Okay, what is the common view here as to what needs to be done?'' If there are statutory changes in the program that would help, we would get back to you.    We know on the enforcement side, if we have the things I have just talked about, particularly the correction procedure, that would help.    We have this duality. We have to make sure everybody eligible knows about EITC, like the ABLE Act. We say, ``here is your program,'' and at the same time we are trying to make sure people get the right amount.    So we will hold that summit, which may turn out to be a series of meetings, and get back to you on that as well. I had four or five things that I was worried about when I started. This was one of the five.    Mr. Koskinen. The earned income tax credit fluctuates. The error rate has always been in the 22 to 25 percent error. It goes up and down each year.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't remember it being high, but the number has floated again, depending on which year it is, between $14 billion and $17 billion. Whatever it is, it is a number--well, again it is like everything. We will never get it to zero, because it is complicated and people will file----    Mr. Koskinen. We ought to be able to get it under $10 billion. I mean, you could say $5 billion to $7 billion. If we could just get it under $10 billion.    Mr. Koskinen. At this point, we have become more efficient. Not to overstate it, but we really are, by far, the most efficient tax administration in the world.    We do think, and we measure it, and we are happy to share those measures, on taxpayer service, for instance, as we have had more taxpayers and less funding, we have had a decline in performance. And it is of concern to all of us, and it is an appropriate measure.    Over time we just look at it in gross. We are spending a billion dollars less than we did 6 years ago, even with the increase, and we are processing 10 million more taxpayers. So, obviously, we are processing significantly more taxpayers with less funding. There is a problem, at some point, in terms of at what point do you lose effectiveness.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't know where that curve will go. I can guarantee you, as I said earlier, just with the funding in the program integrity cap--and I understand that is always an issue as to where it fits in this budget--but just for the increased enforcement arm over time, our estimate is the net gain to the government would be $46 billion.    So you are right. We are not a business, but we have a businesslike aspect to us because we are the accounts receivable, the collection arm of the business. If you are in a business, we are the revenue generator, and then you have the expenditures and all of the programs, wherever you are going to spend them.    So part of my concern is that, as I said, I spent 20 years in the private sector running large, troubled businesses. I never met anybody who said: I think I will starve my revenue arm to see how they do.    But on the other hand, your point is, everybody looks at them and says: But I want that revenue arm to be efficient. I am not just going to throw money at it.    Mr. Koskinen. Good morning.    Mr. Koskinen. As you can imagine, our golden rule is: ``The Commissioner does not get involved in any individual case.'' We can't talk about cases publicly. We are delighted to talk about it with you. But the Commissioners basically, historically, have not gotten involved in individual cases. But I take the point. I think the point you raise----    Mr. Koskinen. The process, I am happy to come talk to you about. I am happy to because the process is designed to be fair, it is designed to work with people who are trying to be compliant. We do, literally, millions of installment agreements and other agreements.    When the system doesn't function appropriately there are lanes for appeals. We have a Taxpayer Advocate, who I strongly support, who can do that. There are ways.    But, again, people ought not to have to go through the maze to the extent we can avoid it. We ought to be able to come to closure.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, I will come, I will be happy to come by.    Mr. Koskinen. But just for the record, I would note, we will be talking about process, not a particular case, because I can't talk about a case.    Mr. Koskinen. Fine.    Mr. Koskinen. This is when we went down for 24 hours.    Mr. Koskinen. Two separate issues.    Mr. Koskinen. So the first is the systems failure. We do our processing in Martinsburg, West Virginia, and then we have a backup site, alternate site that we go back and forth to, in Memphis. We have redundancies within those systems.    This was a hardware failure and we are still working with the vendors to figure out exactly why, but a simple voltage regulator failed. There is a backup voltage regulator. When they were fixing the first voltage regulator, the outside contractor, the backup failed again.    We normally would have, if the system were going to be down for any period of time, moved to Memphis, which we do about every 6 months or so just so we have a disaster recovery. But that doesn't automatically take up. It takes us 24 to 36 hours to get that system up.    We decided, and it turned out to be right, that we could get the system back up inside of the 24 hours, so it would go faster and we would be more secure in terms of not losing data going back up in Martinsburg.    So the hardware has fixed, the system is up. It happened, again, about 3 years ago in a different mechanical failure. It reminds all of us filing season is simple if you are just filing and it all goes well, and last year we didn't have any of these issues. But we are running a complicated system to process and collect the data on 150 million taxpayers, and we are always at risk that some part of the system, just like your computer, is going to one day decide, ``Okay, I am just not going to function again.'' That is why we have the backups in Martinsburg.    Part of the reason, when people say, ``Well, gee, you have a big system,'' is because we have to have the backup. If we had a lightning strike, a fire, whatever it was in Martinsburg, we have to be able to continue processing. So we have a redundant system with people sitting in Memphis and it moves back and forth for that reason.    But we were delighted that we were able to be down less than 24 hours and that we were able to get back up and that there was no corruption of the data. It was a hardware failure. The system just stopped. So you are worried about----    Mr. Koskinen. So we basically were down for a little less than 24 hours.    Mr. Koskinen. And so it turns out for taxpayers, the submitters are able to just simply hold--we have 17 transmitters that collect all of this--and they just hold the returns until we are open again. So most taxpayers, of the 25 million filing, never saw anything. They just filed. For all they knew, the system had gone through in that 24 hours.    Mr. Koskinen. I would first note it wasn't a court order. It was part of a FOIA issue in a major case we have that got a lot of visibility. We had a FOIA case filed. So we, on our own, put out what is called a litigation hold. We said, OK, everything related to this FOIA request we need to preserve. It is part of major litigation. So, the FOIA was a kind of an end run. Can we get stuff in discovery out of FOIA that we won't get directly through the court?    The hard drive in question belonged to an employee who had left in the summer of 2014, the end of July. The FOIA request was filed and the litigation hold was put in place in the end of the year.    What happened was that we have 3,000, 3,500 people leaving every year. When they leave we clean their computers. They have to turn everything in, and then to protect taxpayer data as a general matter, if there is nothing else going on, we clean those hard drives and computers and then recycle them, or destroy them if they are old. And we collect those.    In this case, the computer and the hard drive were separated. The hard drive was designated, along with a lot of others, to, in fact, be recycled and destroyed.    As luck would have it, in October, it went to the holding area where they are all collected. When the litigation hold went on, it went on to all existing employees. It didn't go to this hard drive, which was on the way to being recycled.    Fortunately, we had, in another FOIA case, taken the data off that hard drive. So we have the data, but we didn't discover that. We advised the court in the major litigation that in the FOIA case, it appeared we had lost that data because the Justice Department, whoever handled it, felt, and we agreed, that we ought to let them know.    But we kept investigating and pursuing it and then discovered that we had, in another case, pulled the data off the hard drive. So as has been said, as a guy said, I would rather be lucky than good.    What we decided to do is have me simply issue an order we are not going to sanitize, as it is called, or wipe any hard drive. We have been saving all of our disaster recovery backup tapes for the last 3 years. So they are there. And if need be, we could go into those to get data, if we hadn't found the data otherwise.    But we decided that, while we are trying to fix the system so we don't rely on getting data off hard drives, we are going to save every hard drive. And beyond that, what we are going to do as people leave, is we will copy the data off that hard drive into an electronic area. And if there is a litigation hold, we will actually now, instead of just sending notification to the employees, send it to their managers. And the managers, when an employee leaves, will have to check: ``Have you checked to see if there is a litigation hold?'' So, we will have a belts and spenders approach, I hope, going forward.    By the end of this year, we hope that we will be able to be in a situation where all of the data off every hard drive as people leave will be collected into, in effect, an electronic area.    One of the requests in the 2017 budget is for $17 million to $19 million to allow us to have a modernized e-discovery system. When you ask for data, instead of this clunky system we use now which takes forever, we would be able to go into that database, pull all of the relevant documents, and give them to you virtually overnight as we go.    But in the meantime, nobody is wiping anything, or collecting the data off of it and saving it, and we have made even more complicated responses to a litigation hold. So while we didn't lose this data, it did seem to me that we just can't afford that question while we are moving to kind of a modern document recovery and retention system. I just don't want to hear anymore of these: It got stuck in----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, IT presents that challenge. That as you go forward, if you just stand still you are falling farther behind because the IT is getting more modernized. We now talk about cloud storage and a lot of things nobody thought of 5 or 7 years ago.    We are, as I say, not at that level of risk in the sense that we are not trying to go to the moon. We are just trying to catch up where financial institutions are now, and then evolve with them in terms of the taxpayer experience.    So the budget issue is always appropriate. People need to make sure we are spending the money appropriately. We need to make sure we are spending the money appropriately. But, again, as shown, if we can move, in response to taxpayers' requests, to more and more information online, make it more available to them, it will free up our call centers and our Taxpayer Assistance Centers to people who want to be there.    The ``Where is My Refund?'' application is a good example. Last year, 235 million hits were made on that app online. It allows you to figure out the status of your refund. We don't have 235 million taxpayers. As I keep saying, some people just love to push the button. But this year already we have had 95 million hits.    Now, even if that is only 10 million or 20 million taxpayers, in the old days they used to call to find out, ``Where is my refund? I filed my return. What has happened?'' So we moved all of those calls online.    Now, if we don't get funding going forward the app--except for our concern about operation and maintenance--the app will be there. And so the more people we can move online, the more efficient we will become, the better the taxpayer service will become.    What is at risk in terms of future budgeting--and we hope to present this committee with more details about what the line of sight over the next 3 to 5 years will look like with particular building blocks and how much they cost--is simply that we will go slower than we would like. So, for instance, the apps that are up about online installment agreements, online payment agreements, online payments, all are building toward taxpayers being able to have an online, secure account with us. If we stopped today, we would have apps that work for limited applications, but people would still have to call us for other issues.    It is important to recognize two things about this. One is there will always be taxpayers who aren't comfortable with the digital economy, or basically don't want to use it. I always use my mother-in-law, until she hears me. For years we didn't try to get her to do email. She refuses. She wants to talk to somebody. She picks up the phone.    Last year, 86 percent of people filed electronically, which meant 14 percent, over 20 million taxpayers, gave us paper returns. And as far as we are concerned, if that is what they want to do, that is fine.    So in the future, there will be people who could use the app who will call us, and that is fine. What we are trying to do is get people off the phone who didn't want to be there in the first place.    But your point about it in terms of upkeep is we have two challenges, and the committee knows this. The committee has been very good about our modernization program, and we have made significant progress as a result of the funding provided by Congress. And we give you reports about that, and I am trying to make the reports more readable, so as you see what you are buying.    Once we get a system up and running, we have to sustain it. Our operations and maintenance budget has not necessarily grown with that. Our budget for 2017 asks for $95 million for maintenance of all of these systems. So when we get a hardware failure like the 24-hour shutdown, we have the systems to fix it, and hopefully we modernize enough that we have fewer of those breakdowns as we go forward.    It is a package. It is complicated. The system is complicated. IT is complicated. What we are trying to do with this ``future state'' is not look at it from the standpoint of the IRS, look at it from the standpoint of taxpayers, again, taxpayer service. How do we make the taxpayer experience as improved and as efficient as we can for them, recognizing we don't want to leave anybody behind, so if they don't want to participate in the online digital stuff, that is fine? But I think that helps.    And then, if we can, for the Committee, be clear about exactly--and that is where we started in this budget, trying to be very specific about the initiative so you could see what you are getting for what you pay for. My goal is that then we could have performance measures, you could look at it every year and say: How are we doing? You put in that system.    One of the systems we put in this year, for instance, allows us to monitor our system better, which is how we caught the bot attack, which in previous years we never would have caught.    So we need to be in an ongoing dialogue with you about specifically what are we buying, and why, and what is going to make a difference.    Mr. Koskinen. I would like the record to note I didn't use any of his last 5 minutes.    Mr. Koskinen. Right.    Mr. Koskinen. Let's work backward. The delay is that, even just in a standard procurement, 90 days would be the shortest time in which we could do it, if we had a program up and running and it was simply a question of buying off the schedule.    So my commitment is within that 90 days, to give Congress a timeline as to when we are going to implement the private debt collection. As I said earlier, my goal is to make sure we do everything we can to make it work well, including dealing with the phone scams issue.    We have a bidders conference scheduled this month which will be within the 90 days, again to get their participation with us in designing this program. We have to set up an IT system from scratch, again an unfunded mandate. We just keep collecting these. We have to design an IT system to take the cases that, under the statute, go to debt collectors, send those to the debt collectors, make sure they have a secure system to protect the taxpayer data.    They then have to process those cases, have a secure way of giving us back the information case by case as to what happened to it so we can monitor and collect that, monitor their performance, and be able to report on how it runs.    So our goal, although the timeline is still being finalized, and I do want to get it back to the Congress in the 90 days, is we will have a bidders conference now. Our goal is to have the procurement done and the program designed, with all of the training that goes into it for the debt collectors, so that they know exactly how this is going to work, the development of the protections for taxpayers, the letters. Our goal would be to have that procurement done before the year is out. But we will have that timeline, we will get it to you.    My concern is, I don't want to put it together quickly and then have it be a problem, and then people say: ``Well, you really knew that was going to be a problem and that is your way of killing the program.'' I have no intention of killing the program. If we can make it work, my view is that would be fine. But it is complicated because you are taking people and having them perform quasi-government functions. You have got to make sure the data is protected. You have got to make sure that they are trained appropriately, and that we have an agreement with them this is, in fact, what they are going to go do.    Mr. Koskinen. No, no. It is very helpful to us. We are going to use that. The bidders coming to that conference are the people on that list. It is very helpful to us. It would take us much longer if we had to go to the broader GSA list. That list has four companies, the GSA list has 63.    So it was very helpful. The focus is there. The reason we can have this bidders conference and get going is because you made it easier.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly.    Mr. Koskinen. Like all statutory mandates, it is a high priority. The highest priorities we have, we have got to run filing season, because that is $3 trillion we collect. The next highest priority is to implement statutory mandates. And we do those as quickly as we can.    Again, since I have been here we have accumulated a number of statutory mandates; none of them have come with any funding. That doesn't give us an excuse for not doing it. It may slow us down in some places. But we have an obligation to do them. We have an obligation to make them work, and we have an obligation to keep you advised as to what the timeline is and how the program is going.    Mr. Koskinen. And I am not taking that as a sign of rejection that he gave up on the relationship here.    Mr. Koskinen. We collected a little over $3 trillion. $3.1 trillion. I think is the number.    Mr. Koskinen. I think we probably collected, the year before, $3 trillion. Basically it grows incrementally.    Mr. Koskinen. I think our collections from our enforcement activity, with the revenue agents, are starting to go down. But as a general matter, the compliance rate continues and our collection rate, overall compliance rate, goes steady.    My concern is, a decline of 1 percent in that compliance rate is going to cost us $30 billion a year, so that we have to worry about taxpayer service, we have to worry about enforcement. Because the number that we collect on our enforcement activity, the $50 billion to $60 billion, is real money. But what it is doing is reinforcing voluntary compliance.    The number I have tried to get everybody to focus on is, what is the compliance rate? And if it starts to decline, the numbers you are talking about dwarf everything else we have talked about here today.    Mr. Koskinen. We do a lot of enforcement collections by just our automatic collection process. We automatically find mistakes in returns and we communicate with people by paper, as I said. We send out 200 million notices a year. So the vast amount of our collection is done that way, and that stays fairly steady.    Our problem is, to the extent people write back and disagree, then we have an audit. And our limited ability to audit starts to run down, and that is where the decline in revenue agents and officers, which we are now tracking separately, goes down.    Somebody asked about revenues. Say the average revenue agent generates between $1.5 million and $1.8 million a year. So on the incremental basis it is why we say, if we could restore the agents and officers, we can guarantee you we would give you more money back, by far, than you gave us for that purpose.    But otherwise the voluntary compliance system has continued running appropriately and effectively. My concern is, I just don't want to do anything that jeopardizes that.    Mr. Koskinen. We do that.    Mr. Koskinen. I agree.    Mr. Koskinen. And the advantage of having this discussion in the face of 6 years of decline, until this year, is that we can track the number of cases, collection cases we are not pursuing where we know there is money owed. So it is not the theoretical. ``There is an unlimited amount of money out there.'' There is not an unlimited amount of money. The tax gap, actually, you couldn't collect all of that.    But at this point you can talk to the heads of our Criminal Investigators or Wage and Investment, Small Business people, and they will tell you, without revenue agents and officers, the rate of examination is going down. But more importantly, as we have collection cases, we are just going after fewer of them.    I have talked to over 20,000 IRS employees personally. And when you talk to them, their concern is that--the revenue agents particularly--is that they know the money is there and they just don't have the time and the people to get it. And as we shrink--and we will shrink more this year--there is going to be less of that.    I am not saying we would have collected a billion billions, but we have committed that if you funded the enforcement, we would get you $46 billion net over the next 10 years.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, yes, but you have to understand, on enforcement, the easiest thing to do we would just take rich people and big spenders, because that is where the biggest differentials are. The minute we don't provide audits across the entire income spectrum, preparers are very smart and they have large numbers of clients, they can see, because they know which clients they are hearing from, they will notice. And the minute we are not providing oversight, even though it is at a lower rate, in a particular area of the economic range, that is where you are going to see the next frauds. And the bulk of money is collected from the bulk of people in the middle of the bubble.    Mr. Koskinen. I would say we don't have a lot of money. We have a lot of money from the standpoint of any individual. In terms of how the operation of the agency goes, we do not have a lot of money. We have $900 million less than we had 6 years ago.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. Our customer service has not been good and we are losing $5 billion a year on the revenue we know is out there.    Mr. Koskinen. And the $900 million, as always, nobody has ever disagreed, costs you about four to five times as much in lost revenue.    I think it is appropriate to look at performance, and we are a businesslike operation with the accounts receivable of the government. And so to underfund the accounts receivable, when you know there are accounts out there you should be collecting, doesn't seem to me to be the most sensible way to run the business.    Mr. Koskinen. And I guess my bottom line--because I only have another one of these years and then I am going to run out of my tenure--my bottom line concern is that when we have undercut the effectiveness of the Agency, you won't see it immediately, we won't see a 1 percent decline.    Mr. Koskinen. OK, but we are getting very close to the edge, if we are not over it.    Mr. Koskinen. It is an important statement. It has been controversial. We have tried private debt collection a couple times in the past, and it hasn't turned out to be efficient or effective.    It is not our role to second-guess that decision. And that is why I want to make it clear we are committed. It is a statutory mandate. We should take this program. We are committed to doing everything we can to make it work. We want to protect taxpayers. We want to make sure that we don't build in problems for them, which is one of the reasons I can't just go out and say, ``Go collect debt,'' because I have a lot of things we have to do around it.    But we really do want to make sure that we do everything we can to make it work, because it needs a fair shake. And we are documenting with the IG, as well, all of the steps we are taking. We have tried to learn from what happened before, and if there were issues that we could have improved on the last couple times, I said we need to do that.    Because if it works, that would be fine and we would have a fair choice at it. If it doesn't work, we will have done everything we can to make it work, and then everybody will be able to decide, OK, we had a fair test of it, we worked hard, and it didn't work.    Our goal is to make it work. We recognize the issues around it. But the Congress has said you should do this, and our response to what the Congress tells us to do is we do everything we can to do it as quickly as we can.