    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And General Austin, thank you very much for your service.    And Ms. Wormuth, thank you for your service as well.    Ms. Wormuth, you said earlier that Maliki sectarian approach to governing is how we got here, and there are a lot of nodding heads around the room. What are we doing in our plan going forward to ensure that that doesn't happen again?    Mr. Moulton. So can you just name one thing specifically that you are doing differently from, say, the period of 2010 to 2013? When I served in Iraq last in 2008, we had a very heavy hand on the Iraqi Government. We were very involved in their affairs. We made sure to keep Prime Minister Maliki within the lanes so that he wouldn't become too sectarian. I wish we had a prime minister that didn't require that kind of guidance, but we did and we provided it. But it seems that that was lost. So what specifically are we doing differently this time around?    Mr. Moulton. What I want to make sure is, is not just that we don't have to stay there for an indeterminate period but that we don't have to come back. And I will tell you, as someone who fought during the surge, it is not very comforting to hear that we are just going to leave that up to the Iraqis, that ultimately we are just going to say pass it off to them and maybe they will succeed and maybe they won't and we will be right back.    Mr. Moulton. General Austin, could you comment on this as well. I mean, you were there during part of this period. What specifically do you see being done differently this time around to ensure we don't have to again see our military effort go in vain and then have to come back again 3 or 4 years down the road?    General Austin. Well, we certainly have learned some lessons from the past in terms of the requirement to remain engaged with the Iraqi leadership.    But I think we have to use more than just the influence that the military brings. We have to use, you know, economic influence, international pressure, and a host of other things to put pressure on this government----    Mr. Moulton. And are we doing that?    General Austin. I think so. I think we are increasing, but----    Mr. Moulton. So if you think so, it just doesn't give me a lot of confidence that this plan is actually being executed.    General Austin. Understand, sir. I think--when I say that, I say that, you know, this is a young government and we are using every lever in the inventory to influence it. And----    Mr. Moulton. General, with all due respect, I was in Baghdad 2 weeks ago, and that was not the story I heard on the ground which was that we were using all these levers. I mean, Iran has a very active effort to influence the Iraqi Government. It doesn't seem like ours even is a shadow of that.    General Austin. I can't speak to how much--I can say that Iran's influence is growing in Iraq, but how much they have, I can't speak to that. But I can tell you that we recognize the need to use everything that we can to influence and shape activities, and we will continue to stay after this, sir.    Mr. Moulton. If I may ask just one final question. You have talked about how important a diplomatic solution is in Syria. Who is our political partner there?    Mr. Moulton. Do we have a political partner?    Mr. Moulton. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Very important questions.    Ms. Hartzler.