    Mr. Weakley. Good morning. There is a tremendous interest in the intersection between our maritime industry and homeland security. Our Nation's water borders far exceed our land borders.    The Great Lakes demonstrate the importance of marine homeland security. The southern land border of the United States is about 2,000 miles long. However, the Canada-U.S. border is three times as long, and much of that is water. I represent 14 American companies who operate 56 vessels on the Great Lakes. We carry the raw material that drives our economy: iron ore and flux stone for steel, aggregate and cement for construction, coal for power, and other cargoes. We transport 100 million tons of cargo a year, and employ 1,600 Americans. Our cargoes generate 103,000 jobs with an economic impact of $20 billion.    I will focus the majority of my testimony on how my members transition their vessels from homeland security risks to resources.    The Great Lakes are tied together by connecting channels and locks. The St. Lawrence Seaway connects us to global trade. The navigation channel crosses the U.S.-Canadian border 17 times in the Detroit-St. Clair River alone. Canadian and American fleets compete for the cross-lake cargo. In 2013 it was 37 million tons. Canadians carry 93 percent of it; Americans carried only 3 million tons.    Foreign-flagged vessels primarily import steel and export grain via the Great Lakes. DHS warns an interruption of domestic shipping through a single lock in Michigan would have catastrophic impacts on the regional and national economy, and would plunge North America into a severe recession. DHS estimates that 11 million Americans would become unemployed if this lock were inoperable for 6 months. The resulting loss of 60 million tons of cargo would drive Michigan's unemployment to 22 percent, exceeding its peak unemployment rate of 15 percent during the 2009 recession.    The Jones Act is the fundamental law of American maritime industry, and also a fundamental law of American homeland security. It requires that any cargo moving between our ports be carried on U.S.-built, U.S.-owned, and U.S.-crewed vessels. In other words, American vessels. One of the most important benefits of the Jones Act is homeland security, which includes the prevention of smuggling and much more.    Former Senator Slade Gorton wrote, ``helping to plug a porous border is a benefit of the Jones Act that is far too often overlooked.'' The single most important thing you can do to promote maritime homeland security is to support the Jones Act. I have worked for the Coast Guard, for an American shipping company, and now for LCA . I strongly believe the Jones Act is our best line of maritime homeland defense.    Risk is a combination of threat and vulnerability. The Coast Guard uses the MARSEC system to relay threat levels. Once notified, we take action. The second aspect of risk is vulnerability. LCA members use our Coast Guard-approved alternative security plan to minimize our vulnerability. We deploy many security measures, including access control, perimeter expansion, personnel screening, vessel security sweeps, random baggage searches, inspections of cargo, and inspections of ship stores. We adjust our security profile based on threat level, vessel operations, and operational area.    Professional mariners recognize something afoul, and notify the Coast Guard via the Eyes on the Water program. Shipboard radars can detect and monitor uncooperative aircraft and vessels. We are partnering with a vendor to record radar screens and to allow remote access. Providing historical pictures can reveal suspicious activity. Remote access provides actionable information. These low-cost programs make our homeland more secure. We are proud to be full partners.    Threats to homeland security are daunting. Every day we execute security plans, cooperate with law enforcement, implement innovative programs, and defend the Jones Act.    Our goal, as Americans, is to transition from security risk to security resource. Thank you.    Mr. Weakley. Well, sir, according to the DHS report, if the lock, a single lock--the Poe, as you point out--is down for 6 months, North America is in a recession equal to or greater than the one that we just experienced.    And also in a resource-based recession there is no fiscal policy you can do to countermand that. So the closest thing we have experienced as a Nation is the oil embargo from the 1970s. It will wipe out the automobile industry, it will wipe out the domestic steel industry. And really, it is a--it is the most critical piece of infrastructure----    Mr. Weakley. I think it was 20,000 troops stationed in Michigan----    Mr. Weakley. Yes, sir.    Mr. Weakley. So where we are at now is the Corps is engaged in a 2-year economic reevaluation report, basically to recalculate the benefit to cost ratio. To give the Corps credit, they have acknowledged that they made some egregious false assumptions in their latest 2004 report. That was a 10-year process for them to make that admission. And now they are recalculating the ratio. They said they could condense the 3-year process into 2 years, which means in December of 2017 they should be done with their math, which means probably December----    Mr. Weakley. Yes, sir.    Mr. Weakley. Well, I think they could do more. I know the Coast Guard has a security zone in the area. The Corps owns the facility, so they have got primary responsibility. I was just up there a couple weeks ago. They are executing a new security contract.    They do, to their credit, make a distinction between the American-flag vessels and the foreign vessels that go through. They don't allow the foreign sailors off the ships. We are allowed off our ships to handle lines, and stuff like that. Clearly, they don't have the 20,000 troops that they did in World War II.    I think the Corps is beginning to recognize the criticality of that piece of infrastructure. And from a--I am very excited about what we are doing with our radar to create more of a visibility and provide real actionable material to the----    Mr. Weakley. So, as a former Coast Guard officer, I will expose my bias. We work really well with the Coast Guard. I think with CBP it varies from port to port, and actually it varies from cargo to cargo, and sometimes the distance, whether you are within the Federal-recognized port, as well. I think that relationship could be better.    Giving the Coast Guard credit, they are more centralized. So if there is a problem with the Coast Guard, we can go to the district commander. With CBP there is no regional office. So there is a headquarters level and then they are very autonomous at the local level. I think there could be room for improvement along the CBP from the relationship aspect, as well as the ability to execute.