    Mr. Posey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for scheduling the Space Leadership Preservation Act hearing. I thank all the panelists for appearing and for their wisdom and foresight that you've shared with us so far.    You know, I've heard a lot of criticism from different directions about this proposed legislation, but I've not heard one single person propose an actual solution to the problem that we have of lack of programming and foresight and how we're going to get on track and stay on track and keep America's space program first.    Mr. Chairman, I think you brushed over the beginning a litany of events that kind of throws us into instability even more. I mean, we have a candidate that runs for office that says if he's elected President, he's going to abolish NASA and put the money into education. Then, when he appears on the space coast, he says I'm going to close the gap between the shuttle in Constellation and keep America first in space. Then, he gets elected and he asks for the NASA Administrator's resignation, and he doesn't fill the position. So when they're doing their planning and strategic planning for the Administration's future, the NASA Administrator seat is empty. That's kind of a shame.    So then we get a great NASA Administrator appointed, and then we have an Augustine Commission appointed--I may have these two out of order a little bit--to tell him what to do. And the Augustine Commission says, of course, the shuttle is terribly dangerous and needs to be scuttled.    We all know better than that. We know they were designed for over 100 missions and they were only in the 35th mission, mile per mile the safest space travel of any kind in the history of mankind. And we know the catastrophes, the tragedies were human error. It wasn't any failure of NASA.    And so then we go in a different direction and we have SLS and Orion now, which I think are great plans, great goals, but we have an Administration that frankly underfunds them. They suggest them, promote them, and then underfund them. So then NASA ends up being criticized that they can't keep up schedules that they'd foreseen before, and we know that when you delay projects and instability is going to cost increases, too.    So, you know, you have to wonder if you are NASA or you're a NASA employee or a potential NASA employee or even just a bright STEM student or, like the 18,000 who applied to be astronauts, what is our future going to be? What is our future going to be? And I love Neil deGrasse Tyson when he says, you know, our investment in space is fundamentally basically the only thing our Congress does strictly for future generations, to benefit future generations.    And so I think Congressman Culberson's bill is much too important to ignore not only for those reasons but for reasons of national security, our technological advancement, and eventually, the survival of our species.    Now either Dr. Griffin and Colonel Collins, China is rapidly developing the capability to access and use all regions of cislunar space. If the United States cedes that and moon base sole use to China, what do you foresee as the strategic and long-term impacts on the national interest of our country?    Mr. Posey. Thank you. Colonel?    Mr. Posey. Okay.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you.    Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.