    Mr. Williams. Thanks to the committee for this opportunity to talk to you about the Center for Offshore Safety.    Following the Macondo incident in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico there has been renewed focus on promoting the highest level of safety for the offshore oil and gas industry. Based on Macondo studies and regulatory changes, SEMS became a requirement, a regulatory requirement right after Macondo. The focus in the United States has been on both enhancing and developing performance-based safety and environmental management systems, or SEMS.    These are assessed by third-party auditing, to make sure that they are effective, and they are actually delivering what is expected of those kinds of systems. And they also are sustainable learning systems, where the feedback from what has been learned is fed back into how can we make improvements to make these systems even more effective. So, safety is dependent on the technology, it is dependent upon the standards, and it is dependent on how you manage, plan, and execute the projects. And there was a lot of discussion about this earlier today in the committee.    So, why has this focus really been so much on SEMS? And that is the sole mission for Center for Offshore Safety, is how to make SEMS more effective, and how do we learn and feed back into SEMS processes.    The first part, like I said, is that it changes the--it has a focus on embedding safety into how you plan, how you execute, how you implement, how you define hazards, and how do you maintain barriers. It embeds this thinking into your management processes. It also changes to performance-based, which says that companies will--there is a certain basic framework companies will say how they are going to respond to this framework, and then they will be assessed against how effective and how well they are doing what they said, and how effective those safety management systems are that they have embedded. So it really drives accountability also, in a different way.    There also must be--a key part of this is norms and motivations for leadership and decisionmakers to constantly think about safety, and behave in ways that maximize safety.    The Center for Offshore Safety was formed as a collaborative effort in the industry, but it was also part of the Presidential Commission recommendation. It was part of the industry studies looking at what other groups had done that looked at SEMS, and making SEMS effective in other industries. So, we were put together to collect the information, to do the analysis, and to develop good practices to close any gaps or opportunities that we saw.    The COS and the industry members and the industry are committed to improving SEMS performance, and we are doing that in several ways. The first one is people that are members of the Center for Offshore Safety make commitments to certain performance requirements. But the most important thing that we have is a collaboration opportunity, where the industry can get together and share and learn about safety environmental management systems and collaborate.    And also, through the audits and through other performance measures, like safety performance indicators and learning from incident data that we collect, we can learn together. You know, we can find opportunities to improve and continuously improve. So that is one of the main opportunities that we have here.    And since this is a continuous learning process, it is really beneficial; there are companies that have had SEMS for a long time, have been doing really well. There are a few companies that were new to SEMS after the regulation. This process allows all companies, even companies that were running good plans, to learn how to make those good plans even better, and to focus on those improvements.    We have developed a lot of tools that are already in place right now. We have issued our first annual report that I have here that talks about what are the areas we are going to focus on for improvement in the future, based on the data that we have collected. And we have also developed and have in place tools for accrediting third-party auditors and for making sure third-party auditors have the correct training, and the third-party auditors have the correct background to deliver good audits, and deliver the information that we have developed.    So, our focus is and always will be this focus, laser focus, on safety and environmental management systems, what we can learn about them, and how we can make those better for the industry. And certainly our thoughts will always remain with the families and with the people that were lost in the Macondo, but it is a key driver, it pushes us ahead on making the improvements that need to be made in these management systems. Thank you.    Mr. Williams. So I would like to also mention one section in there is on SEMS, safety and environmental management systems, relative specifically to the blowout preventers. And, as I talked about, SEMS talks about how if you planned, how if you established barriers, what is your plan for maintaining those barriers to keep them in place and assuring that they exist. So it talks about actually adding--looking at SEMS specifically on the blowout preventers, and the long-term plan for how you maintain the barrier.    Mr. Williams. So, we are a membership organization, but we have open participation. So when we do our task group work on our different----    Mr. Williams. Well, there are 13 operators, and there are roughly 86 operators that did SEMS audits.    Mr. Williams. BP? Yes.    Mr. Williams. Oh, Hercules?    Mr. Williams. No, they are not.    Mr. Williams. So, we have both contractors and drilling contractors that are members. And, being a member, you are committed to doing a SEMS audit, even if it is not a regulatory requirement. And we have already had one drilling contractor voluntarily do this and become certified. So the path that we are on is having the contractors voluntarily do that and become certified.    Now, the regulation currently requires the operators assure that the contractors have the adequate plans in place. But I do believe that contractors need to voluntarily do this, and they are.    Mr. Williams. I think if it is done voluntarily, and you use third-party auditors, and it is certified through a sound process, that that is good.    Mr. Williams. I would just add what I did before. I mean, like Ms. Hopkins said, we are going to focus on--does it benefit safety? And I know one provision in particular, relative to SEMS, is aligned with what we think is an important part of adding safety.    Mr. Williams. Yes, I would. So, it is another key part of safety and environmental management systems. But, basically, it says that every person has the right and the responsibility to stop work if they think something is unsafe, or they don't understand what is being done, that the work can be stopped. It is one of the key barriers that people are using right now in managing safety.    Mr. Williams. I don't know, exactly. But it is not infrequent that people do it. And companies have really been pushing hard to change the culture, where people do want to do it. And, in fact, some companies are rewarding people that do it, even if it is subsequently found out that it wasn't necessary to do. They reward the behavior.    So, it is not infrequent, but most of it is not related to major safety items.    Mr. Williams. That is correct.    Mr. Williams. Well, I mean, a real common one is around safe lifting, for instance. So safe lifting is an issue, but often people actually find things in lifting operations, and then they stop them before it is a problem. So it is actually a good thing.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir.    Mr. Williams. They have put a very significant effort into managing across the new organizations. That was part of the work that they did when they divided up into the three groups. And I think, for them to do a good job, they need to make sure they ensure that and do that effectively.    Certainly, the focus of BSEE on environment and enforcement, the interaction with me in that regard, has been good.    Mr. Williams. I think the enforcement has been strong. But what I would say is that I think one of the--the key thing that I am focused on is making sure that people have the effective planning, and keep their barriers in place, and manage safety, and that we have methodologies for measuring the effectiveness of that.    Mr. Williams. Correct.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir. Thank you.    The Chairman. All right, thank you. Mr. Grijalva, do you have some more questions?    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir. So, the Center for Offshore--the regulation did change, where the companies were required to have SEMS. You know, many companies already had SEMS in place. But what the industry voluntarily did and put in place was create the Center for Offshore Safety, create this place where we could collaborate, work together, learn together about how to make things better.    We also developed the audit protocols, we developed the auditor qualifications, we did the auditor certification. All of this was done by the industry voluntarily, plus other indicators on the effectiveness of management systems. And those all have been collected, and go into an annual report as we learn about these systems, learn how to make them better.    The Chairman. So I am intrigued by that, because there are some voices out there that would say that this sort of interaction degrades safety. But what you are talking about is the impact that comes from the collaboration process that actually moves us forward.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. And I think it was kind of what Costa was starting to ask you about here. There is what we are hoping for, some kind of balance, as we deal with the issues of safety, as we also deal with the issues of how can we be productive in this area, and we can move forward in that. It seems, as in the past, we are looking as if we are moving in that direction. But maintaining that balance is always a difficult task to do.    I am making the assumption we can't legislatively say, there will always be a balance in here. What is important is making sure that the industry has an active voice, and the industry becomes a part of it. And I think you have all demonstrated how the industry comes up with innovations, even ahead of where the agency comes up with regulations. And I am assuming that is part of what you are telling me with your testimony today.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir. And one of the key things, in fact, we work on is this balance, particularly this balance between prescriptive and performance-based safety, and between personnel safety and safety management systems. And it is all about making the technology and the standards and the safety management work together to deliver a safe result.    The Chairman. And I am assuming you have some kind of incentive for doing that within the industries, as well.    Mr. Williams. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. OK. I thank you for that. With that--I have to go to my last line. There are magic words I am supposed to say right now. And until I find out what my magic words are, I do want to thank all four of you for coming great distances and being with us today, and for your testimony.    And there may be other, here it is--there may be other questions the witnesses will be asked from other Members in writing. And, once again, we have 10 business days for these responses.    Once again, I do appreciate your time and willingness to be with us. Thank you so very much. I appreciate the committee's interest. We will be talking about these issues again in the future.    And if there is no other business, without objection, the committee stands adjourned.