    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Madam Chairman. Let me come back, Mr. Wiedefeld, too, to you. Obviously we've had our dealings before. And I guess my concern is today, we've heard a lot of talk about funding. And the focus is all about funding. And yet I understand that perhaps this is not a funding issue as much as it is a management issue and truly a maintenance issue. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So are you aware that at no time that we can find that the board has come to this committee or the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to suggest that maintenance was not getting done because they didn't have funding? We can't find that.    Mr. Meadows. So if you're not aware of that, and this committee is not aware of it and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is not aware of it, how can we be focusing all of our attention on funding when your board has never let us know that they're not doing repairs because of funding?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Are you aware that there's an average of four times a week, a fire actually occurs on the Metro system, and that makes it--there's a greater probability of somebody seeing a fire in the Metro of Washington, DC, over the last 5 months than there was in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park that I represent. Do you find that alarming?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So if we're looking at this board--and I understand from a board member that you are, the buck stops with you. They're not going to micromanage. You're going to have complete authority to make this system safe, reliable and a service standard that we can all applaud. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. If that does not happen, will you within 7 days let this committee and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform know that you are being thwarted by the board?    Mr. Meadows. OK. I guess what I'm saying is, I'm making a request----    Mr. Meadows . That if there is an interference by the board on any of the service related activity, will you report that to this committee and to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me go back to the board, because a lot has been said about who the board should be, what the makeup should be. And I ran into a gentleman in the hall here a week or two ago and said, ``Really, the board should have someone who travels the Metro each and every day as a citizen advocate, so to speak, that is on the board.'' Do you agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. OK.    Mr. Meadows. But someone who speaks just--that doesn't have any political ties, that actually speaks for the populace, do you think that would not be a bad idea?    Mr. Meadows. OK. All right. So the other thing I would say is, what if we took every one of the board members and required them for 1 week a year to experience what all the commuters get to experience each and every day? Do you think it would change their opinion on some of this?    Mr. Meadows. I mean every board member. Because there are some who obviously don't use the Metro and perhaps don't have the same appreciation.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So making that a requirement is not something that you would support?    Mr. Meadows. OK. All right. So let me, let me finish with the funding question. We're going to rely on you to make good management decisions and realign this. From a funding standpoint, do you think it is wise to continue to add additional capital improvements and extend the Metro when we don't have a good maintenance operating budget plan in place? Because that's really what we did. We invested billions of dollars in a Metro, like buying a new car, and then we didn't change the oil for 30 years. And so in doing that, do you think it is more prudent to have the maintenance of the existing system as a top priority versus the capital expenditure for expansion, until we get that in place?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I will yield back, Madam Chairman.