    Mr. Wood. Thank you. I'd like to thank Chairwoman Comstock and the other Chairs and Ranking Members for the invitation to share some thoughts on behalf of Telos Corporation on industry best practices for cybersecurity and risk management.    As I noted in my written testimony, Telos protects the world's most security-conscious enterprises, providing our customers with solutions and services for cybersecurity, secure mobility, and identity management.    The first point I'd like to highlight is that all enterprises, public and private, need to emphasis cyber hygiene in their day-to-day operational practices and employee training.    Why do I make this first point? Because the 2015 Verizon data breach investigations report found that the overwhelming common denominator in security incidents is people. Nearly all of the security incidents Verizon cataloged might have been avoided if organizations had taken basic steps to help their employees follow simple cybersecurity precautions.    Here are five basic steps that organizations should take to help better protect themselves from attacks. First, establish and enforce cybersecurity policies and procedures. Second, include effective password management practices. Third, require regular security awareness training. Fourth, implement timely updates and patches to manage vulnerabilities. And fifth, to use up-to-date endpoint security solutions. These five basic steps serve as the foundation for a strong cybersecurity program. Every IT security professional knows them, and yet the importance of following through with them cannot be overstated.    Further, these practices must be embraced in the boardroom, and by management, so that a culture of cybersecurity is created throughout the organization from the top town.    That being said, every organization with high-value digital assets needs to assume it has already been breached or will be. This leads to my second point, and that is that incident response and remediation are just as important to organizations as cyber defense and depth strategies.    Telos has developed a rigorous framework for incident response with essential steps like preparation, containment, eradication and recovery, which we use ourselves and implement for our customers.    Further, it isn't realistic to expect every organization to have the time or financial and human resources needed to successfully defend everything. That's why management is so critical to effective cybersecurity. Risk management involves identifying, evaluating, and either accepting or mitigating uncertainty in decision making.    Private and public sector organizations need to make cost-benefit choices about which systems to defend and how to defend them based on the likelihood of an asset being attacked, the value of the asset being attacked, the cost of defending the asset, and the cost of losing the asset. That approach is reflected in the continuous diagnostic and mitigation program established by Congress ``to provide adequate risk-based and cost-effective cybersecurity and more efficiently allocate cybersecurity resources.'' This continuous diagnostic to mediation program, or CDM program, extends continuous monitoring into the areas of diagnostics and mitigation while acknowledging that risk management is called for when you have to meet nearly infinite needs with finite resources.    That's also the value of initiatives like the NIST risk management framework and the NIST cybersecurity framework. They put cybersecurity solutions and best practices in the context of risk management and compliance, which brings me to my third point. The standards in the NIST cybersecurity framework are very good but they cannot succeed unless companies follow them. We should be looking for ways that market forces can incentivize companies to voluntarily take the strongest possible actions to protect themselves, which includes following the NIST standards and best practices.    The various critical infrastructure sectors are just that: critical. They're so important to our national defense, our economy, and our way of life that it's imperative government and private sectors encourage organizations in these sectors to use best security practices.    One promising area of incentivizing companies is tied to the growth of the cyber insurance market. The Commerce Department has described cyber insurance as ``an effective market-driven way of increasing cybersecurity.'' The Treasury Department has also suggested that the increasing demand for cyber insurance may help drive private sector policyholders to adopt the NIST cybersecurity framework. As insurance companies get their arms around the cybersecurity actuarial data they accumulate with each new breach, they'll want to have insights into what their clients are doing to protect themselves. Are they applying sufficient ongoing protection for their systems and data? Are they using the NIST framework or an equivalent standard? In fact, insurance companies may well require their clients to adopt the NIST framework in order to demonstrate insurability and reduce their premiums. When that happens, we could see greater market-based pressure brought to bear that will effectively require companies to do the same. So market forces and the fear of legal liability may make NIST voluntary guidelines the de facto standards for companies to demonstrate to insurers or in court that they've exercised all due care to protect their customers and their assets.    One additional point: Cybersecurity is just too important to do on the cheap. Overreliance on ``lowest price technically acceptable'' contracts can be very risky in a field that has so little room for error.    Similarly, our fifth war-fighting domain, cyberspace, must be appropriately funded. U.S. Cyber Command has been funded at a level this year that represents a mere 1/1000ths of the overall DOD budget. By contrast, just four banks--JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Citibank and Wells Fargo--are spending three times the amount on cybersecurity. JP Morgan, after they got hacked, decided to double their IT security spend from $250 million a year to $500 million a year, more than all of Cyber Command. The financial sector is an example of the private sector taking its cybersecurity risk management responsibilities very seriously and devoting the resources necessary to protect themselves.    Again, I appreciate the opportunity to share with you Telos's perspective, and I'd be glad to answer any questions. Thank you.    Mr. Wood. One suggestion I would have is that I think it would be very helpful for the government to move more towards a best-value approach to government contracting versus lowest price, technically acceptable approach. The same individuals that we put on assignment with the government often we will receive a much higher rate for those individuals when we're working commercially because commercial companies tend to value the kind of capabilities that our security professionals have, and when I say ``much higher,'' often it's, you know, 200 to 300 percent higher, and I think at the end of the day, that's a really big issue that the government needs to at least address, because otherwise you tend to get what you pay for.    Chairwoman Comstock. Yes, Mr. Clinton?    Mr. Wood. Thank you, sir. I'm honored to sit on the Commonwealth of Virginia's Cybersecurity Commission as well, and one of the things that I've been encouraging the Commonwealth of Virginia to do is to encourage much closer relationships between the university ecosystem and the business ecosystem, and to really promote research. I think that will help propel a lot of the startup activity that the gentlemen to my left are both talking about. Whether it's in Silicon Valley or Research Triangle or in the State of Virginia, at the end of the day we need far more research than we currently have, and the reason is because when I talked about earlier the dollars, the difference between spent in the federal government and the commercial side, it's very simple. We have a real scarcity of resources in terms of cybersecurity professionals, and so we need more tools being able to deal with the complex environment that's going on out there and those tools, i.e. automation, are the way forward, I think, in order to help deal with that scarcity of personnel resources. There are other things we can do as well, but I think that research would really help us a lot from a cybersecurity perspective, really as a nation.    Mr. Wood. Sir, I personally don't think there's a need for the government to require it because I think the lawyers will--at the end of the day will help corporations and other organizations understand the legal liability associated with not taking the appropriate actions.    Mr. Wood. Oh, I definitely think they're beginning to. I'm seeing more and more boardroom kind of calls being made to our company than ever before. I think the very public retail breaches that have occurred are now heading into not just the CEO's office but right into the boardrooms. So I also believe that the critical infrastructure industries that we have out there that are already regulated feel the pressure associated with doing something, and that's why I think that the insurance companies are doing what they are in terms of really trying to promote cyber insurance. Their feeling is that if they can--if the corporations can provide evidence that they are doing what's appropriate from a risk management point of view, that that will result in two things. One is lower premiums to the corporation who is looking to get the insurance, and then secondly, a better legal defense to the extent that they are sued.    Mr. Wood. So you're raising both a privacy perspective as well as a cybersecurity, you know, issue. You know, at the risk of being a Monday morning quarterback, you know, which is what I would be doing if I were to reflect on the OPM situation, the very unfortunate OPM situation because like all of you, I also received my letter that gave me the good news. I think that in retrospect, had OPM been using, you know, two-factor authentication, had they been using encryption at rest, had they had log files, we would've had a much different situation than perhaps we ended up having with OPM.    So as it relates to the HealthCare.gov situation, I don't know how they're storing the data to be able to reflect to you about what is appropriate, but I think generally speaking, most people are a little nervous because those of us that are in the know worry that there just isn't enough resources being applied from a financial perspective to the IT security issue, and it's not just at the federal level, it's at the state level too.    Commercial corporations, on the other hand, I see around the world are taking the appropriate steps. You know, I gave the example early on in my testimony about JP Morgan Chase. You know, when they were hacked, they were spending at that time about $250 million. After the customer PII got out, they went to the board. The board looked at it and determined that they had to increase substantially their spend to do a couple things. One was to actually buttress what they were doing from an IT security perspective, but the other thing was to do was to raise the confidence of their customers. So at the end of the day, I would argue that while their shareholder price has gone up over time, they absolutely--and every corporation cares about their customer data. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wood. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wood. So earlier we were talking about insurance, and the insurance industry and why hasn't it adopted more cyber insurance more quickly. The simple reason is because there was no standard, there was no agreed upon standard until not that long ago, and so I think that ultimately I look at the NIST cybersecurity framework as a baseline, and what these gentlemen are talking about are in fact good points, and they are additive to the baseline, if you will, but if we can all get to an agreement about what the baseline is and we all adhere to a baseline, at least we know that the other person I'm dealing with is going to be able to evidence for me that I can do business with them because they're taking the appropriate steps.    Mr. Wood. Yes.    Mr. Wood. We wouldn't do it.    Mr. Wood. Well, for the simple reason that you're exposing classified data in the open, and at the end of the day, that's--that would not be prudent and would also be illegal.    Mr. Wood. Because the government requirement is that all official information be used through official means, meaning through government networks.    Mr. Wood. Sir, thank you for your question. I agree. I think the national labs are doing a tremendous amount of work around all kinds of initiatives that regrettably many don't see the light of day ultimately. I think more can be done to, A, make industry aware of what the national labs are up to, and then B, provide a mechanism for industry to license some of those very critical research and development initiatives that really may have one specific customer but ultimately could have an entire industry that it could help serve. I think that would do a couple things. One, it would provide potentially an income stream back to the labs and therefore the government, and the other thing it would do is provide, if you will, more innovation without having to spend a whole lot more dollars. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wood. Thank you for your question, sir. The issue is that from a law enforcement perspective is first of all, as Mr. Clinton pointed out, it requires, you know, global cooperation but then the standards of prosecution also have to be the same. So in other words, a standard of prosecution here at the federal level might actually be different than at the Commonwealth level, which might actually be different than in Paris. So I think there needs to be some agreement as to what the standards are for prosecution as well.    Mr. Wood. We did an analysis in the Commonwealth on just that point. You know, it was a really great analysis which I'd be more than happy to provide to you from the Commonwealth of Virginia. I don't know why. All I can say is that the standards even within the states are different for prosecution.    Mr. Wood. We just changed the laws within the last six months, and I'd have to refer to my colleagues in law enforcement to let you know.    Mr. Wood. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wood. Yes, sir. I would just want to follow up on what Dr. Casado said. So as the use of the internet increases and as the ``internet of things'' becomes more prolific, everything has an IP address, so where do you draw the line? At some level I would almost prefer that people use my infrastructure because I know what we do from a security perspective. I don't know what they do from a security perspective. And so to the extent that, you know, you make the argument that there should be some separation, I think there are very good arguments on both sides. I'd rather have them in my infrastructure because I know what we do. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wood. Thank you for your question, sir. So right after--I'll answer your question over a period of time. Right after September 11th, I was sitting in a meeting with a large number of information security professionals from within the intelligence community, and the question was posed in the auditorium where there are about 250 people, when are we going to start sharing information, and the answer came back from one senior person, in 50 years, and the other--another answer came back from another person, not in my lifetime. And it was very, you know, disappointing to say the least.    Now, you roll forward 15 years and you look at where the intelligence community at least in my opinion is today, it's not like that at all. Today I see the intelligence community sharing information in a way like they've never shared it before from DNI on down, and I think what's happened is, as more and more breaches are occurring and as more and more of this culture of trust is occurring, there's a willingness to work together that didn't happen before. I sit, as I mentioned earlier, on the Cybersecurity Commission in the Commonwealth of Virginia, and we work very closely with DHS and FBI and the state police, and they work very closely with Interpol and others, and I can say that there is a spirit of cooperation that I haven't seen in a long time. What is lacking, however, is the resources and the funding associated with actually prosecuting, number one, and then number two, having a common level of standards of what's prosecutorial and what's not.    Mr. Wood. We do see an enormous shortfall of cybersecurity professionals. In the State of Virginia alone, the state government has announced that we've got about 17,000 unfilled cybersecurity professional positions just in the Commonwealth of Virginia.    Sir, if I might go back to your other question if you don't mind about offensive?    Mr. Wood. It's a question that's very much near and dear to my heart. You know, if someone were to come in my house uninvited and either hurt my children or my wife or take my stuff, I have the right to defend myself, but if someone were to come into my corporate house and virtually take my stuff, whether it be intellectual property or customer data or whatever it might be or financial information, whatever it might be, we need the ability to defend ourselves, particularly if our cyber command is not going to fund itself in a way that gives us the comfort the same way that we have the comfort, I think, as a nation from a standpoint of air, land, sea and space. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wood. Sir, I would just echo a comment but just follow on top of it. So yes, the determined hacker can get in today, there's no question, but as to the Verizon breach report focuses on, you know, 94 percent roughly of those hacks could've been avoided, and then you get the hacker has to focus on the six percent or the eight percent, which is a lot harder to get in then because we have the tools, we have the standards, we have the approach.    The second point I make is the NIST framework is indeed something that I think we can all sort of get behind, and I think it's something that at least it's a baseline.    And then the third thing I would say and the last thing I'd say is that look, compliance and mission are not mutually exclusive. You can make compliance work but it has to be automated and it has to be invisible to the guy that owns the mission so it doesn't inhibit their ability to get their mission done.    Mr. Wood. Thank you.