    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you so much for being here. The March 2011 accident at Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station was caused by a tsunami that was triggered by a powerful offshore earthquake. After the disaster, NRC required U.S. nuclear power plants to re-evaluate their seismic risk. NRC is requiring the nuclear power plant seismic evaluations, as I understand it, to be submitted to the agency by the end of 2019. Based on the initial seismic screens completed in 2015, how many U.S. nuclear plants may be subject to greater earthquake forces than they were designed to withstand, and in the interim, is NRC requiring nuclear plants to make any major modifications to reduce seismic risk before the plant evaluations are completed in 2019?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok, and if the evaluations show that some modifications need to happen, what is the timeline or how long would you expect those things to take?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok. The decommissioning work that the NRC oversees, as has been stated, is critical to ensuring the safety of workers and those who live in neighboring communities, and in the county of Los Angeles, NRC lists two sites that are being decommissioned; first, Magnesium Alloy Products of Compton, which used thorium, and second, Isotope Specialties of Burbank, which fabricated radioactive sealed sources and packaged low-level radioactive waste for disposal. After these licenses expired, authorities found radioactive contamination at both sites. What is NRC's responsibility for ensuring that the safety of the public and the environment at these formerly licensed facilities, and also can you provide an update on the remediation efforts, and who is responsible for the cost of cleaning up the Compton and Burbank sites?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. I would just appreciate it, and just in a more general question, what is NRC doing to ensure that licensed facilities that are closed in the future are held accountable for newly identified contamination post-closure?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok.    Ms. Roybal-Allard. The NRC is organized into four distinct regions which oversee all licensees and facilities and while some of these regions have experienced nuclear reactor decommissionings others have seen an influx of nuclear power plant constructions. As part of the overall project game plan to enhance operational efficiencies have you looked at ways to incorporate these regional differences into future plans for the NRC and does it continue to make a sense to think about the NRC in terms of this regional distribution?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. To improve the transparency and to simplify how the NRC calculates and accounts for fees and the timeliness of communicating fees which is a key process strategy of Project Aim. What specific measures has the NRC taken to improve transparency and engage with the regulated community and what actions have been taken to simplify how the NRC calculates these and what still needs to be done?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Thank you.    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Thank you all for being here. The DOE's Weatherization Assistance Program is a critical program that helps low income families retrofit their homes to become more energy efficient, ultimately reducing the cost of their energy bill.    In fact, the DOE evaluation of the Weatherization Program found that a single family--a home saved, on average, $283 per year.    Meanwhile, DOE's Building Technologies Program works to advance technologies and practices to make buildings in the U.S. energy efficient.    To ensure that beneficiaries of the Weatherization assistance program are receiving the most up to date and effective building technologies, does collaboration exist between the weatherization assistance program and DOE's building technologies program?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok well let me just add to that and maybe you can answer. Once the building technologies program identifies effective technologies, how quickly are they introduced into the market and how are they adopted by the Weatherization Assistance Program?    Also, if you could maybe comment on what sorts of new building technologies you are phasing in for the Weatherization Assistance Program in 2017?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Thank you. According to the DOE, addressing soft costs like financing, permitting installation, labor inspection, another non-hardware cost provides the greatest opportunity to spur strong U.S. growth in solar deployment in coming years.    In an effort to make solar deployment faster, easier and cheaper, the DOE's Solar Market Pathways, which began in 2014, is a program that supports solar related projects.    In fiscal year 2017, the DOE plans to build upon the success of the Solar Market Pathways program and supports six to ten new awards. How do they activities proposed in 2017 apply to the Nation as a whole and are you ensuring this research is not replicating or subsidizing work that is more appropriate in the private sector.    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Mr. Chairman, I am not sure if I have time for another question or not.    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Go for it? Ok. Dr. Orr, the budget request contains a new request for funds to support the SMART Consortia Initiative within the Vehicle Technologies Office, yet does not expand on these efforts. The SMART Consortia Initiative is part of the Smart Cities efforts announced by the President last year to invest in technology collaborations to help local communities reduce traffic, foster economic growth, improve the delivery of city services, and manage the effects of climate change. Can you outline what exactly the vehicle technologies office proposed to fund in support of this effort?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok. What did you do to ensure that you did not duplicate any efforts from the Department of Transportation? Was there some coordination?    Ms. Roybal-Allard. Ok. Thank you.