    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Blinken, congratulations on the new position. It's good to hear that you'll have a policy of returning members' phone calls and I hope that doesn't just apply to the lady from Florida.    Asia's important. That's why it's important that we not enter into bad trade deals or unnecessary military confrontations in Asia.    Now, anyone who questions the adventures that are planned is patted on the head and told, well, you just don't understand how important Asia is.    No, Asia is so important that we better think carefully about our policy. When it comes to trade, we are given straw men. We are told well, if you don't like TPP then we could have no trade, or we could continue the unbalanced trading system that we have now without every discussion about a radical departure from our current trade system designed to achieve balance trade.    And when we are told that maybe we shouldn't be seeking a new cold war over some islets, we are told that 25 percent of the world's trade goes through the South China Sea. The vast majority of that goes in or out of Chinese ports, meaning that if China had military control of these islets that may actually belong to them anyway, they would be able to blockade their own ports. I don't think that is something we have to spend a lot of money preventing.    There is a tendency when making policy to yield to the interests of the most powerful entity in this country that cares about that policy, and that is why when it comes to trade policy, Wall Street is in the driver's seat.    But the deal is so bad that it has to be sold as a China containment policy because it is certainly not a jobs creation policy. But China enshrines the standard that currency manipulation goes hand and hand with trade deals. So they're the big winner. But they're even a bigger winner in the roles of origin where goods that are admitted to be 60 percent made in China and actually it'd be 95 percent made in China can then get a polish in Japan or a few parts added in Vietnam and be fast tracked into the United States.    So when it comes to the geopolitics, the Pentagon is very powerful in crafting American national security policy. What meets their needs now is a worthy uniformed adversary. Every time our military has gone up against a ragtag uniformed adversary it has been an unpleasant experience since the Philippines insurrection. Every time we have gone up against a uniformed foe it has been a relatively glorious experience, the most glorious perhaps winning the Cold War without a major confrontation with the Soviet Union.    So it is not surprising that these islets which are not ours, that do not have oil, and if there were any oil it would belong to the people unwilling to spend their own money to defend these islands--that these are exaggerated into great importance.    I am not saying that we don't care about navigation, we don't carry about--it obviously important. But to reconfigure the entire Pentagon to spend the lion's share of a $600 billion defense budget on confronting China, and you can't--it is a tough cost accounting job to determine what the defense budget is being spent on geographically.    But is--but I want to go to a completely different question: North Korea. North Korea needs about 12 nuclear weapons to defend themselves from us. They have about 12 nuclear weapons. They're creating enough fissile material for another two or three weapons a year. They need money. Iran now has--we can argue about it--$50 billion or $100 billion burning a hole in their pocket. North Korea sold the technology for the Al-Kibar Syrian-Iranian nuclear weapons program that the Israelis bombed in 2007.    Is the administration working toward an understanding with China that a Iranian plane will not be allowed to fly to North Korea without stopping in China for fuel? And please don't tell me we intercept ships. Please don't tell me that North Korean planes might not be allowed to do this. I am talking about an Iranian plane going nonstop to Pyongyang and coming back with a bomb.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Blinken, I'll agree with you. But at the same time, if an Argentine plane was getting too close to the Falkland Islands we wouldn't be talking about it here.    Mr. Sherman. I know. This one is getting a lot more attention.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Blinken, are you denying the reports that the Al-Kibar nuclear----    Mr. Sherman . Arms facility was North Korean technology?    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Blinken, my question was about an Iranian plane flying to North Korea.    Mr. Sherman. Are we working to get China to say that they won't allow the plane to go across China without stopping for fuel where it could be inspected? That is the only question.    Mr. Sherman. You're free to address others but that is the only question.    Mr. Sherman. So the Iranian plane would--if it went to North Korea would be violating the U.N. resolution but if it flew nonstop over China no one would know about it. So you're relying on Iran's dedication to adhering to U.N. resolutions?    Mr. Sherman. I would urge you to talk to Beijing about making that plane land because if your sole defense for what I laid out is that the Iranians wouldn't want to violate a U.N. resolution and they'd feel bad about violating international law, that is insufficient defense.    If the Iranian plane going to North Korea does not stop in China then it may not have a trade delegation on it. It may have cash going one way and nuclear weapons going the other way and that is a very specific issue.    I yield back.