    Mr. Thompson. Chairman, thank you. Thank you for this hearing. Career and technical education is obviously something I'm very passionate about, and I happen to believe that of the domestic issues that this Nation is facing economically, a robust investment in career and technical education training is a solution to many of those problems.    Thanks to the members of the panel for your experience, your passion, and your leadership. On behalf of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, which I co-chair with my good friend, Jim Langevin, who submitted something for the record already, despite some difficult economic times around here, we've actually--and I think it is an acknowledgement of the importance of career and technical education--we've actually gotten a plus-up. You know, not much, $52 million, it's kind of minimal in the scale of a $1.3 billion program, but any kind of a plus-up is a sign of recognition of importance, I think.    Dr. Major, we all know it's important to ensure that parents and students are receiving the necessary information about the vast opportunities that career and technical education can provide. In your testimony, your written and your verbal testimony, you talked about more flexibility, the use of Perkins money earlier in education to pursue career exploration. Can you put a little more meat on the bone of that, just a couple of examples of what and when do you think would be effective?    Mr. Thompson. I couldn't agree more. Long before I came to Congress, I worked on workforce development issues, and it amazed me that that time period of middle school was where we really need to zero in on, as kids are exposed to so much more today.    Dr. Ricks, you had noted that, and I'm going to quote you from your testimony, ``Fortunately, although career and technical education was once stigmatized and relegated to the dungeon of education, it is now considered as a viable opportunity for both traditional and college-bound students.'' I certainly agree with you on that, I'm excited about that, but I don't think we've gotten everybody yet.    So within your research, have you really looked at that--because I feel that there's still a stigma out there among parents, and parents are the leading--I mean, they're steering the decision making, they're exposing the kids to opportunities. Has your research found anything there and anything that would be helpful for turning that stigma around?    Mr. Thompson. With the guidance counselors?    Mr. Thompson. Now, we have language within the Student Success Act that, hopefully, will be going to conference soon with ESEA that really looks at parental engagement centers. Is there anything the panel, any of the panelists have anything in terms of thoughts in terms of how do we get to the parents and help change that stigma, that these are great paying jobs, they are low debt coming out? I mean, the facts are all on our side, I think, we just need to communicate.    Dr. Huftalin, you have 30 seconds.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chairman, you are amazing and generous. Thank you.    I just want to note, in terms of I picked up on a new terminology from Dr. Ricks, which certainly applies to career and technical education, the K through gray. I'm hoping for gray. I'm on the losing end of that. But the fact is K through gray in terms of career exploration, career preparation, and career launching, mobilization, and that's the exciting part about career and technical education. It is the life span.    This committee has done great work. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. We really focused on just zeroing in on that early--not the earliest, but the 16, we have specific language specifically for 16 to 29, you know, trying to help folks break into the workforce through the Workforce Investment Act reauthorization that is law today.    And then with ESEA, I want to come back to the parental or the family engagement centers. We have language within the Student Success Act. That, again, we have to get ESEA done.    So if we are successful--when we are successful--looking for how do we utilize that as a model to utilize to support career and technical education with the family engagement centers? Any thoughts and ideas?    Dr. Huftalin, you talked about emphasizing the salaries, the moneys. I think that's a great strategy. Other ideas?    Mr. Thompson. Any other strategies come to mind?    Mr. Thompson. Okay. Thank you, Chairman.