    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here today.    General Dunford, your statement warns of an expanding Iranian malign influence and increasing capability in the region. In your assessment, is Iran more or less capable today, militarily speaking, than they were the day the nuclear deal was signed?    General Dunford. Congressman, I believe that Iran was spreading malign influences. They were capable of doing that before the agreement, and I think they are capable of doing it after the agreement. I haven't seen any measurable increase in their capabilities. But, again, I am under no illusion about what Iran's intent is, what their capabilities are, or what the current level of activity is across the Middle East.    Mr. Scott. Have you seen any change in their behavior?    General Dunford. I have not seen any specific change in their behavior, Congressman, with the caveat that they were spreading malign influence before the agreement, and they continue to do so.    Mr. Scott. Absolutely, now they have $150 billion to help them spread it. And if there has been no change in the behavior, then certainly my concern is that the world is not more safe but less safe with them having that money.    Just a couple of quotes from the President, if I may: Today, after 2 years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animosity has not, a comprehensive long-term deal with Iran that will prevent it from obtaining a nuclear weapon. The deal offers an opportunity to move in a new direction, a different path, one of tolerance and peaceful resolution of conflict.    Another quote, September 10 of 2015: This is a victory for democracy, for American national security, and the safety and security of the world.    And then the budget that was presented, and I agree with the budget statement: Iran's malign activities in pursuit of missile technology continue to pose a threat to our interests and allies in the region. To combat those threats the budget continues efforts to hold Iran accountable for its destabilizing behavior by advancing preparations, posture, regional partnerships, and planning to preserve the President's options for any contingency.    So one statement September, a budget statement 5 months later.    Secretary Hagel--what is the Defense Department doing to mitigate what is a clearly growing risk from the Iranian ballistic missile program?    Mr. Scott. If I can quote James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, what he said to SASC on February 9: Iran probably views the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action as a means to remove sanctions while preserving nuclear capabilities.    General Austin, March 8, 2016: We have not seen any indication that they--meaning the Iranians--intend to pursue a different path.    Now, I think he is talking about with regard to their malign activities, not specifically with nuclear, with regard to General Austin's statement there.    But just a few things that they have done since then: Aside from what they did to our sailors, they have continued to test ballistic missiles. October 11, 2015, they tested a new generation of surface-to-surface missiles. The U.N. stated this test violated U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929.    On November 21, 2015, they launched another medium-range missile. On March 8 of this year, Iran launched several missiles from multiple sites around the country. The Iranian general who commands the program stated: Revolutionary Guard Corps does not give in to threats.    Secretary Carter.    Mr. Scott. My time has expired. But I just don't understand why we wouldn't have included other threats in any type of deal that gave them $150 billion.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Dr. Wenstrup.