    Mr. TAKANO. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to join the Subcommittee this morning. As you discussed, the Department of Labor's proposed update to our nation's overtime rules. While I do not serve on this Subcommittee, I have been following the development of this rule closely, and I appreciate both the chairman and the ranking member for allowing me to join in today's discussion.    There are many tradeoffs that business owners face on a constant basis, but at the end of the day, I believe the Department's rule is about a fair day's pay for a hard day's work. The intent of the white collar exemption was to exempt those with sufficient power in the labor market who are able to advocate for better wages and hours for themselves. That is clearly not the case today. In 1975, 62 percent of salaried workers were eligible for overtime. Now, only 8 percent of workers are eligible. And this is because we have not been enforcing the intent of this rule under the Fair Labor Standards Act, and we have allowed it to lapse. And all of a sudden we are realizing, oh, my goodness. Only 8 percent of our workforce is now eligible for overtime pay--salaried workforce.    Americans are working longer hours and are more productive; yet, their wages are flat. Updating the overtime exemption will help millions of workers make ends meet and give an added boost to our economy. And I just do not agree with the idea that stagnant wages are only about regulation; that we have seen stagnant wages in our country. This has been a trend, and since the Great Recession, I just do not think we can say that what is killing jobs is regulation. We had a huge thing called the Great Recession that had a huge impact on employment.    Mr. Eisenbrey, could you talk more about the argument that employers will have to pass along the increased labor costs to their consumers? Even though the income threshold is doubling, that does not mean labor costs will double. Employers will only be required to start paying for those hours over 40 hours. So I just want you to clarify that.    Mr. TAKANO. To his point about more people being employed, is it the case that if employers have to make this choice between paying their managers overtime or hiring more people, hiring more people is expanding the workforce; right?    Mr. TAKANO. So the rule creates jobs?    Mr. TAKANO. Imagine that. A regulation that creates jobs. Amazing.    Mr. Rice mentioned the high number of Americans outside the workforce. Mr. Eisenbrey, your testimony mentioned that there is a 10 percent employment rate. Can you talk more about the impact the rule will have on unemployment and the incentives to hire more workers? And we have just been talking about that.    Mr. TAKANO. So the rule would have the effect of raising salaries and causing people to hire more people?    Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.