    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador Bond, thank you for being here. Obviously, we--this is not the first hearing that we have had on this matter. Your colleague there behind you, she has been here before, and I believe that you have a real commitment to return these children to their parents.    The frustration becomes is--and the reason for the Goldman Act originally was the type of soft diplomacy that you have described over the--really, in much of your testimony most of it has been soft diplomacy.    And what you are referring to was really the whole reason why the Goldman Act was passed by Congress was to give you additional tools beyond that soft diplomacy and the frustration that has been evident in this hearing as well as other hearings is the fact that some of the tools that have been afforded the State Department are not being used. And so there is a law that has been passed.    Now, I want to make sure I am clear with you and with some of your other colleagues. I know your commitment is, as you put it, a number-one priority.    The frustration on parents is each day, each birthday, each time that goes by they don't see that commitment and it is--where it is a priority for you it is the life for many of these parents and there is the disconnect.    So I guess my question, and I am going to be very direct, has the State Department delayed or cancelled one or more bilateral working relationships or official or State visits with any country based on a lack of cooperation?    Have you done that? Can you point to any specific example where that has been done based on their inability to help us out? Has that ever been done?    Ambassador Bond. Mr. Meadows, I have to admit that after 38 years at the State Department I don't share your sense that soft diplomacy doesn't--just doesn't get the job done.    Mr. Meadows. I didn't say that. You misquoted me.    What I am saying is you describe soft diplomacy as what you are engaging in. I said the Goldman Act gives you additional tools and I am asking one of those tools did--have you--have you done that? Is there a case that you can point to?    Listen, there is no one--I made a living in soft diplomacy so I understand the benefits of soft diplomacy but I also understand when it doesn't work.    Ambassador Bond. Diplomacy is--I wouldn't even call it soft--it is a powerful tool and I am sure we agree on that.    Your question about whether we have cancelled any bilateral----    Mr. Meadows. Delayed or cancelled, yes. I am giving you the benefit of the doubt. Have you said that we are not going to have this bilateral working or official or State visit because you haven't complied? Have you done that?    Ambassador Bond. As an example, I am not aware that we have done that.    Mr. Meadows. I am not aware of any either. So let me go on to the next one because I have got a limited time here.    Have you withdrawn or limited or suspended any U.S. development aid because of noncompliance? I am not aware of any but we are having a hearing. So are you aware of any?    Ambassador Bond. I am not.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Have we withdrawn, limited or suspended any U.S. security assistance for any of these countries that are noncompliant?    Ambassador Bond. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Meadows. Yes. Have we withdrawn, limited or suspended any foreign assistance to a central government of a country relating to other economic support?    Ambassador Bond. I am not aware of any.    Mr. Meadows. I am not. All of those are tools that are available to you should quiet or soft diplomacy not work. And yet the parents are not seeing any of these being deployed.    So let me, in light of your answers and knowing that you have a limited time let me give you an analogy. I assume that you occasionally exceeded the speed limit in your vehicle.    Ambassador Bond. Yes.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Well, you are on the record. Okay. All right. We won't say where.    There is a place next to where I live where there is a city policeman that is there, that literally will give you a ticket the minute you exceed the speed limit. And you know what happens? I don't speed through that town.    And yet there is another place where we don't employ any of the tools that are available to our law enforcement officers, and I am not quite as conscious about my speed.    And so I offer that analogy to you because here is what many of these foreign governments are seeing is that we passed a law, that you bring it up when you talk to their Ambassador, and I believe that you do because honestly I have checked with some of them and you do bring it up.    But they see no consequences to their action or noncompliance, and that is the frustration you are hearing from this committee.    That is the frustration you are hearing from parents and, hopefully, that is the frustration that will be eliminated with the new report, and as you employ some of the tools that have been granted to you by this Congress to make sure that we are effective. Does that make sense?    Ambassador Bond. Yes.    And Mr. Meadows, I think it is important to note that we are seeing action in--even in some of the countries that are the most difficult to work with at this time. The--for example----    Mr. Meadows. We are seeing----    Ambassador Bond . When I most recently met with the Brazilians for an annual bilateral discussion, and I was in Brasilia for that, and they talked about legislation that they are working on.    So they are looking at ways to try to address the great wall----    Mr. Meadows. But do you see the disconnect there? What you are seeing is maybe progress and action in terms of the potential for returning these kids. All the parents see is the kids don't come back. And so on your matrix of success you are seeing progress.    On theirs, they are seeing none. And I think that that is the difficulty here and that is what we have to address and hopefully this law will give you the tools to start to use short of sanctions--you know, I am not one--I don't like to employ sanctions.    But there is a number of other tools that the Goldman Act allows the State Department to employ that they haven't done, and with that I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador Bond. Thank you.