    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Governor, welcome. I have been fortunate to be a member of the committee for a long time. And does New England still rely heavily on heating oil--and I think that is part of this debate, isn't it?    Governor LePage. Yes, it is for us. In 2010, when I took office, roughly 80 percent of the homes in Maine were heated with heating oil. We have managed to get it down to about 62 percent this past winter. Most of it has been with heating pumps and pellets. In the rural areas, we can do pellets, heat pumps, that technology works pretty well, but in order to really make a difference, we really need natural gas to get into the infrastructure that we have in our state in order to be able to take the--while we call metropolitan areas or urban areas of Maine, you would call them----    Mr. Shimkus. My district.    Governor LePage . Very rural.    Mr. Shimkus. You would call them my district, so----    Governor LePage. Yes, right.    Mr. Shimkus. I represent 33 counties in southern Illinois, the largest community being 33,000 people, but we are connected. Natural gas is our predominant heating ability in fuel. In New England, it is not, and in fact, from my colleagues here, we set up what is it called, a heating oil reserve, because of a crisis years ago, to make sure that there would be heating oil for New England----    Governor LePage. Right.    Mr. Shimkus . Which now we kind of manage. So I would hope just as a national policy that we would help move natural gas to New England.    Governor LePage. I would certainly encourage Congress to look at this. In 2014, the State of Maine paid a premium of $2 billion--1.3 million people paid a premium of $2 billion because of spikes and the high cost of energy in the winter months. This past winter, while it was a severe winter, we got a break, we only paid a little over $1 billion premium. And Maine is not a wealthy state. The per capita income just broke $41,000. So we are putting an inordinate amount of pressure on Maine families, and we could do so much better.    Mr. Shimkus. And I think in New England, there are some small hydro--I am talking about New England as a whole, as a region, and there--I am told there is some concern of the possible inability to relicense some small hydro in New England as a whole, which would increase the challenges, would it not?    Governor LePage. Absolutely. Like I said earlier, we have small dams that if we could put power on them, we could generate 70 megawatts, which doesn't sound like a lot in Washington, but in Maine, that is a lot of power.    Mr. Shimkus. Right. Ms. Miles, thank you for your testimony. I was talking to the staff, and we actually employ government employees here many, many times. I don't think I have sat through one that has been so specific and so precise on what you like and what you dislike. So I find that very refreshing, and I appreciate that.    So I want to address one of the ones that you addressed. Your opposition to amending Section 33, I think that is on page 16 of the testimony. And the concern is, we have had Commissioner Moeller here a couple of times, where he specifically stated that what we are trying to address would be very, very helpful, which would seem to be contradictory to what you have stated. He has quoted if Congress chooses to address the situation, changes in various statutes could require that resource agencies meet certain deadlines in their statutory role in reviewing such products. Another approach would be to provide the commission with the authority to rule on whether the conditions that resource agencies submit appropriately balance the benefits and costs that these projects provide. Again, this would require significant change in the various environmental laws for the relevant resources agencies. Can you comment on that?