    Mr. Pocan. Great. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to start out by saying that I think we can find bipartisan consensus on what you said at the beginning, that Wisconsin is the greatest State. So I just want to put that out there as a--    Mr. Pocan. Yes. Just official suck-up to start.    Let me start with just a couple of things I want to put on your radar as we talk about this issue, and then let me address specifically the debt ceiling and the other issues that you are going to be talking about today.    I think it is important that we should note the Federal deficit has declined under President Obama by two-thirds since he came into office, and that is extremely significant and part of what we are looking at. In fact, this year the CBO has predicted the Federal deficit will increase very slightly after 6 consecutive years of decline, and that is due to our actions, what we did in December with the omnibus bill.    Not only did we provide some marginal sequester relief, but we had loads of retroactive tax cuts. And of course, none of those tax cuts were paid for; I think the last estimate I saw was they will cost about $680 billion over the next 10 years. And as of October last year, as a percentage of the economy, the deficit is now down to 2\1/2\ percent, which is below the average of the past half-century, and it is down about 9.8 percent since the President took office.    I just put those out there because I think they are significant as we talk about the subjects that we are talking about.    The second thing I just wanted to put out there for us to consider is the Simpson-Bowles Act that was out there, the proposal about how to try to provide relief--I know that I wasn't around; this is only my second term. But previously, when they were trying to find a grand bargain here in Congress and that couldn't happen, the Budget Control Act was put in place.    And if you look at what was in the Simpson-Bowles Act that people have referred to often, we have already enacted 70 percent of the non-defense discretionary cuts that were proposed by that Act. And according to the Center for a Responsible Budget, we have already cut 30 percent more discretionary spending than was proposed to be done by 2020 by Simpson-Bowles. All of those are programs that are important in our districts.    And yet, at the same time, we have enacted less than one-third of the proposed revenue changes that were also proposed by that.    I just put that out there because as someone who has been a small-business owner for, this year it will be now 29 years, I look at that. A balance sheet is what we take in and what we put out. And I think that is significant because I don't think a lot of people realize what we have done on the taking out, but not necessarily the putting back in side of things.    Specifically to the debt ceiling, when I talk to people in my part of Wisconsin, I think it is no different than yours, Mr. Chairman, when I try to explain what the debt ceiling is about; it is essentially we have made a home mortgage, we have committed to that payment, and when we lift the debt ceiling, it is really whether or not we are going to put that in the mail.    And I think if you look at it as that, where the responsibility really is is up front where we decide whether or not we are going to make that decision, to make that spending, which is that home mortgage, rather than trying to deal with a debt limit when we often are putting ourselves in a pretty bad place.    As a small-business owner, I know what happens. Last time when we shut the government down, I did happen to be around for that. I saw what happened across the country when we lost billions of dollars out of the economy, when it affected small businesses and the decision-making they are going to make. It had a really negative effect.    And we have to be very careful when we put that out there as a tool, because I think all too often it has very negative ramifications. Our entire economy can be really rattled if we don't do the right thing. Millions of Americans could face delays in Social Security checks, veterans benefits, and other critical services. And it does put our country, I think, largely at risk.    In the minute remaining, let me just touch briefly on the debt prioritization that I think has been part of the conversation that you are having.    In many ways, I feel that the average person out there would look at this as somewhat of a ridiculous conversation, different than how we talk about things maybe in the Beltway. We need to pay our bills on time, period, and they expect that out of us. And the problem is that we haven't been doing that part of our jobs very well, so then this becomes a proposal that we need to look at.    Fitch's ratings agency has already indicated that delaying payments on other obligations while honoring interest and principal payments would trigger a credit rating review and possibly a credit rating downgrade. So by doing something like this, we actually risk not only the credit of the country, but also there are many people who are worthwhile people who would get payments, veterans, students, the elderly, and others, whom I think come into play.    I have 6 seconds left, so I will yield back at this point, but I will be glad to take any questions, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pocan. Yes, if I can, I think what I would offer is that I think the public looks at it differently. There is a reason why there is a 15 percent approval rating on Congress and they prefer traffic jams and zombies and head lice to us, right? They expect us to do our jobs. And we haven't done our jobs doing the process the way we are supposed to.    Now, I am looking forward to this new day we are going to have in Congress. I know we are having a more thorough, regular-order process. But if we don't do our basic jobs in getting a budget done, we can't come to the Band-Aid solutions, which is what we are doing here, and that is what this proposal unfortunately is.    So I think it comes down to the core of what we are supposed to do and what the public expects of us. And when we don't do our jobs, then we need to expect the public to prefer the things they prefer over us.    I guess that is my response, that we should really be dealing with what we need to deal with first and foremost, and these things are either side attractions or Band-Aids.    Mr. Pocan. I think that is what is really at the point that we are having a debate about, whether or not, if we did our jobs right in the first place, we don't have to have this ancillary conversation later. And that is exactly, I think, what we are doing.    When I went through just my experience in that October when we were shut down for 17 days, people were very upset that we weren't doing our jobs. And it seemed like, I think there were 22 demands that came during the 17 days. I remember one morning watching Darrell Issa on TV addressing a demand, and they said, oh, no, your demands have changed already, now it is a different demand. And we tried to keep up with the demands that were made.    The bottom line is we just have to pay all of our bills. As you said, that is what the public expects of us, that is what we all want and need to do. But we have to be responsible and get that done. And if we don't get it done and we get to the point that we sometimes use the debt ceiling as an excuse, even though we have already made the expenditures, we have already done that and we can't use the other to not drop that envelope in the mail after we have already signed up for the mortgage. So it is incumbent on us to get that done.    Mr. Pocan. No, absolutely. That is the part that--maybe it is because I am still new around here and I go back to Wisconsin a lot, but that is what I hear from people when I talk to them. I try to bring Washington to them. I figure that is my job. And when you try to explain something like this, around here we have all sorts of things that just aren't ``real people-speak.'' We have inside-the-Beltway conversations and this is one that is a classic.    If you agree to a home mortgage, you have to pay it; you can't decide not to because of something like we do with the debt ceiling. So that whole debate that we have is often to real people a very ridiculous debate that we wouldn't pay that; you have already authorized the expenditure. And then to have to have a Band-Aid solution because we didn't do our jobs to begin with is exactly what we are talking about.    Mr. Pocan. Yes, and it is not just us. It is the financial agencies that said that if we did that it would affect our credit rating, which would affect just about everything. I think it would have ripple effects throughout the economy, to businesses, to how we borrow, to everything else. So it does have real ramifications.    And while sometimes I think that some enjoy the dance, the fight that we have around here, real people back in Wisconsin whom I talk to don't.