    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    A couple of specific questions, and Mr. Gehin, is that how I pronounce it? Am I correct in that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. I didn't quite get that. A little louder?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Gehin. Okay.    Your focus on advanced simulation for light water reactors, we have a light water reactor in Orange County, and it's shut down now, and we have found all over the world where light water reactors have made things--have been put public--the public around those light water reactors in danger, and so now there is a danger associated with every energy source, but don't we have other potential sources of nuclear energy that are less dangerous that what light water reactors will be? And why are we stuck on light water reactors? I mean, I must have been briefed on three or four different alternatives to light water reactors that are safe and will not leave plutonium behind and can't melt down, whether they're pebble-based or thorium or high-temperature gas-cooled reactors. Why are we still putting money into light water reactors rather than going to a new generation of a different concept that wouldn't be dangerous?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I certainly will.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Thank you.    What we're talking about is research that was done back in the 1940s and 1950s, and light water reactors are old technology. This is like trying to improve the steam engine. I mean, we spent a lot of money improving steam engines, and in fact, I believe light water reactors are based on steam engines.    Mr. Chairman, I would suggest that focusing our limited research dollars on light water reactors is a terrible waste and misuse of limited dollars that we have here. At the very least if we are going to use nuclear energy, let's focus on those very promising technologies that we have not invested in yet rather than trying to perfect something that we've been basically researching for 40 and 50 years. I'm dismayed about this, and I've been talking to the Department of Energy about this for a number of years, and we just can't get them to invest. As I say, there's at least three or four alternatives that I know about, and I'm not a scientist. So with this, let me ask about batteries, Mr. Crabtree.    Again, are we researching old methods of batteries or do we have some new methods? I understand that, I think it's Dr. Goodenough has got some sodium base. I'm not an expert on any of this stuff. Pardon me. You guys know much more about it than I do, but what about Dr. Goodenough's research into sodium batteries and what's your reaction on that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So let me just point out what we're--that was the right answer for nuclear energy, and so thank you very much. I'm glad that you're doing what we expected our Hubs to be doing.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.