    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today on the important issue of expanding the role of small business and global commerce, and it is good to be back at the House Small Business Committee today.    I have practiced international trade law for 20 years, and I have always focused on helping American companies, industries, and workers. I work with members of a wide variety of industries, from solar panels, to steel, to hand tools, to school notebooks. I also work with many U.S. companies who provide services here and abroad. My job is to help these companies grow, prevent unfair trade practices from harming them, and to help eliminate trade barriers overseas.    As this Committee knows, small businesses face enormous challenges in the area of international trade. According to the president's 2015 trade agenda, and as Chairman Chabot said earlier, there are 28 million businesses in the United States, but only 1 percent of them export their merchandise to other countries. And of those small businesses that do export, most export to only one country--Canada or Mexico. This demonstrates how small businesses often struggle to overcome steep tariffs, trade barriers, paperwork, fees, and other significant obstacles.    Now, the U.S. Government has taken steps towards removing these barriers but there is much more to be done. I would like to list just a few areas of priority for Congress and the administration that are particularly relevant to small businesses.    First, on the Transpacific Partnership. The U.S. Government does have a potentially important opportunity to create jobs, expand trade, and manufacturing, and improve the global rules of international trade with the TPP free trade negotiations. If approved, TPP would be the largest U.S. free trade agreement involving 12 countries and more than 40 percent of global trade. And that agreement should help U.S. small businesses export, not just by eliminating jobs but by streamlining customs procedures, eliminating trade barriers, and developing more transparent regulatory procedures.    There are other benefits, such as the eliminating of barriers to ecommerce and express delivery services, and also new disciplines on state-owned enterprises. When U.S. small businesses export, they should not have to compete with foreign governments. And while China is a notable example of the problem, SOEs play substantial roles in the economies of TPP countries like Malaysia and Vietnam, as well as Russia, Brazil, India, and many others.    At the same time, TPP poses potential threats to small businesses. First, the opening of the U.S. market to additional foreign competition could harm some smaller businesses and could head to some jobs being lost to lower wage positions in other TPP countries.    Second, small business goals and objectives are less likely to be fully represented in these negotiations, and in fact, while the TPP contains a chapter on small and medium enterprises, the details of the agreement are not well known.    Before it considers TPP, Congress must first take up trade promotion authority. The Senate is considering TPA legislation and amendments this week, and the House will do so shortly. And as this debate has progressed, the number one theme that we have heard over and over again is one of enforcement. Congress should not approve new trade agreements until it has better ways of enforcing our existing agreements, and there is an opportunity here.    I think the best way to build support for TPA, among Republicans and Democrats, is to improve trade enforcement for all types of businesses, including small businesses. First, Congress should approve much-needed trade enforcement measures as part of TPA. U.S. industry has proposed a set of five trade law changes that it views as essential for domestic companies and their workers. These provisions were included in the Customs and Trade Bill that passed the Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan basis. They should be included in TPA as well.    Second, Congress should improve the ENFORCE Act legislation to guard against foreign companies who engage in trade fraud and evasion. Senator Wyden has championed this legislation for years, and again, it was included in the Customs and Trade Bill that passed the Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan basis.    Third, Congress should address the important issue of currency manipulation, and in particular, it should approve legislation directing the Commerce Department to investigate currency manipulation as an illegal subsidy.    I am happy to address specific aspects of TPP, or the Trade and Services Agreement, or the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, and there has been a very good ITC study done on that recently. But regardless of the agreement, the same challenges remain. Encouraging exports by U.S. small businesses is imperative to allowing American industry to expand and American workers to prosper.    Thank you for addressing these issues today. I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Ms. Velazquez, it is very difficult to know. We know what some of the positives potentially are out there. Certainly having common tariffs or reduced tariffs could be a positive thing. You would have less of a spaghetti bowl of trade agreements that companies have to deal with. If you have harmonized standards, harmonized reduction of technical barriers to trade, harmonized assessment of products, that could be a positive. If you have harmonized customs procedures, again, as has been pointed out, getting goods through customs, the delays in the paperwork and the fees are often extraordinary. My concern is you have to have a way to enforce all of those things that are written on paper, and it is not clear to me that all the enforcement tools are there or readily accessible to small business.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Again, I think----    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. I think lack of enforcement, and there are powerful incentives in these other countries, even after a free trade agreement is reached, to keep their trade barriers up and to keep their markets closed. We hear this around the country so that is the challenge that we face in negotiating a good agreement and one that gives us ways to enforce it after the ink is dry.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. That is a good question. I do not know the answer to that. I think it is a large agreement. It involves many countries. In some, I think there is potential for improvement. In others, I think it will be very difficult to get rid of those barriers even over time.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Yes. Well, currency manipulation is a form of a subsidy. The Peterson Institute of International Economics, very well respected by Congress, and the administration called currency manipulation ``the biggest subsidy of them all.'' And the estimates over time as to, for example, how much China's currency is undervalued, have ranged anywhere from 10 percent to 40 percent or more. So what we are seeking and what industry has sought in the legislation that is moving forward on the Senate side, is to say that the Commerce Department should look at currency manipulation as a subsidy, and if it finds it to be a subsidy, you impose a duty, like any other subsidy--a grant or a loan or a loan guarantee--to offset that unfair trade practice.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Yes, I think they should.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Congressman, thanks for the question. We agree, and my clients agree, that intellectual property protection is a serious problem around the world and needs to be addressed. I do think my understanding is it is an area of emphasis in the TPP agreement, which is important.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Sorry?    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Well, patent infringement, there are various options. You can bring cases in district court. You can also bring a case at the International Trade Commission here in the United States, a section 337 action where if a foreign country is violating a patent or intellectual property, they can impose a barrier at the border to stop those counterfeit goods from coming in.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Well, and Congressman, you are right. On trade secrets, there is more that could be done in our trade agreements there as well.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Congressman, I think those are very good points.    On currency manipulation, I do still believe that China is undervaluing its currency to favor its exports, and the history of that over the last five to 10 years is overwhelming. I mean, there are estimates that millions of American jobs have been lost and that has increased the U.S. trade deficit by $200 billion to $500 billion per year. So you ask how to enforce it, what lawmakers have proposed is that you treat currency manipulation as account available subsidy. You let the Commerce Department look at it like any other subsidy. So if there is a financial contribution, if there is a benefit to Chinese companies as a result, and if it is specific, or an export subsidy, then you impose a duty at the end. And I think that the IMF and the Commerce Department and other agencies are capable of figuring out the extent of currency manipulation.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Congressman, we are concerned that what the Treasury Department does currently is not enough. Every six months the Treasury Department is supposed to certify which countries are currency manipulators, and throughout the entire Obama administration it has refused to name China as a currency manipulator. So I do not think Treasury alone is the solution to this, which is why my clients support a procedure that would allow the Commerce Department to determine whether currency manipulation is a subsidy. In addition, there is also the TPA Amendment advanced by Senator Portman from Ohio that would have enforceable requirements for currency manipulation to be addressed in free trade agreements like TPP.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Congressman, I think I would focus on the trade barriers and some of the bigger problems. One of the biggest ones that we have not talked too much about is the lack of common standards and harmonization of standards. We are trying to negotiate a free trade agreement with the European Union right now but there has not been a lot of movement on the very different regulatory systems. I mean, if a product is safe and effective here, that should be suitable in the European Union as well and we just have not seen a lot of movement from the EU on that. So I think that is something that needs to be looked at as these trade agreements are negotiated.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Well, the NAM for sure. They are vocal on these issues.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. I would just agree. I think small businesses face a real challenge. I mean, the pharmaceutical industry, big manufacturers can get their voices hard. It is much tougher for small businesses to get their priorities out there and incorporate it into these agreements.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. It is difficult. As you know, the text of the TPP, for example, has not been released yet. There are chapter summaries that are available to cleared advisors. I am a cleared advisor, so I can go to a room and read those summaries. But it is hard to know if you do not know what the provisions are or where they stand. So that is a real challenge. I can give that some more thought, and if I have some other answers I would be happy to respond in writing after the hearing.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Where we do not have a trade agreement, you are saying are there more barriers on export than there are on imports? Certainly. We are the most open and transparent market in the world, and I agree with the statistics earlier as far as the immense challenges, ones that are in the laws as well as laws that we do not even know about in foreign countries. So I definitely agree.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Sure. Currency manipulation, and it is defined more clearly in other studies and things, but I think it is generally defined as prolonged intervention by a government that leads to maintaining currency levels or pushing them in a specific direction for an extended period of time.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. There are many ways that currency can be manipulated. All I would say is that the evidence of what has happened with China over the years and other countries makes it clear that there is a problem here, that it has harmed U.S. businesses, and that we do need to take action to address it, and I think we should take action in trade agreements and also under U.S. law.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. You could look at that under using Commerce Department subsidy rules and decide is that an unfair subsidy that distorts the playing field, or is that something else? So I think there are ways of creating----    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. I think that----    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Sure. Arguments can be made against us around the world on any topic, but I think the evidence does not demonstrate that the United States is manipulating currency in the same way as China.    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Well, I think you could evaluate all of these. I would say that companies like ArcelorMittal and others in the steel industry would argue that currency manipulation hurts their ability to export and to compete around the world. And I think they would like something----    Mr. BRIGHTBILL. Sure, Congresswoman. Great question.    Like I said, I do support reauthorization, but there have been abuses of the system. There have been some concerns about how loan recipients are selected. I can tell you some of my clients also have concerns when loans are made abroad to companies that then manufacture or mine raw materials, for example, that then end up in foreign steel that comes back at dumped and subsidized prices. So there are concerns about who Ex-Im lends to, the procedures for lending, and also, as you say, small business concerns as well, and those should be looked at carefully as part of this debate.