    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I thank the witnesses for their presence here today.    Dr. Huerta, how does the percentage of private school students who are English language learners compare to the percentage of public school students?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. On that point, Representative Bryan, private schools participating in North Carolina's school voucher/school choice program under law are able to exclude students with disabilities and special needs; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Under North Carolina law, private schools that are receiving taxpayer dollars are able to exclude students with limited English proficiency; is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Under North Carolina law, private schools that are receiving taxpayer dollars are able to exclude students with certain religious backgrounds; is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. But they are able to exclude, even if they are receiving taxpayer dollars related to other students participating in the voucher program, they can make the exclusionary decisions based on religion; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. I am not even quite sure that is constitutional, but that is a question for another day. Public schools are required to educate all students, correct, regardless of religious background, regardless of special needs, regardless of their English language learner status; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Can you explain to me why it is fair for the taxpayers of North Carolina to essentially fund private school vouchers for schools that can engage in these discriminatory practices that you just acknowledged exist under law?    Mr. Jeffries. You do not have a problem with taxpayer dollars being used in this fashion where private schools are able to essentially say ``no, you are an English language learner, we are not going to accept you, even if you received a voucher. No, you are a special needs student with disabilities, we are not going to accept you''. You do not have an issue with that?    Mr. Jeffries. Given the exclusionary nature, as you have acknowledged, under North Carolina law, some of these students who are ELL individuals or special needs students actually do not have choice; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. Mr. Robinson, is the objective of many of these programs that you have supported to provide low income students with the broadest range of options? Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Now, the majority of programs throughout the country that participate in private school sort of voucher initiatives, the majority of states, I should say, they do not cover the full cost of tuition; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. That is in Milwaukee. The majority of private school voucher programs throughout the country do not cover the full cost of tuition; correct?    Mr. Jeffries. My time has expired, but in Washington, D.C., there are 53 programs participating in the school voucher initiative, and the majority of students only attend eight. That is not really school choice. I yield back.