    Mr. Aderholt. Thank you. Thank you.    And thanks for being here.    I want to ask about--maybe address this to General Robb, but certainly open to anyone--we hear constituent concerns about Express Scripts. And the question will be, what is the DoD doing to resolve the issue before this program is going to be expanded significantly to more beneficiaries?    General Robb. If we could get the specifics. I am not aware of any performance or customer service feedback at my level with Express Scripts.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay.    General Robb. But our folks, again, are absolutely dedicated to, one, either compliance with the contractual agreement, or number two, to address specific customer service needs.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. Well, if we could get with you on that, we do have some concerns and questions that we are getting from constituents about that.    Mr. Aderholt. Yes, I would yield.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. Let me ask about neurofibromatosis. It is a mouthful, so I will call it NF. It is, of course, a severely debilitating disorder, manifests similar to problems our warfighters struggle with, chronic pain, severe back, breaks in the bones, wound healing, nerve issue. The Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program has consistently supported the peer review NF research Program since 1996. With this investment, NF research has made considerable progress, from identifying the major functions of the NF genes to developing sophisticated animal models, which are now used in preclinical trials.    The Clinical Trials Consortium, the first forum for NF research to collaborate on clinical trials, is primarily supported through the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program and its funding and would not be able to function without its support. The NF community recognizes and appreciates the NF research program as an efficiently run model of the Defense Health Research Program.    To further this success, are there additional opportunities for the Department to support the Clinical Trials Consortium in moving closer to therapies for NF and conditions related to this debilitating disorder? Let me just throw it up to the panel, if anyone could address that.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. That would be helpful if you could follow up on that.    Let me switch gears to TRICARE For Life. This year's budget request, again, includes cost savings through the addition of a TRICARE For Life annual fee. The question would be is, what is the formula or the criteria that would be used to determine who is grandfathered into the TRICARE For Life and who will be required to pay for this annual fee?    General Robb. Sir, that would be my question, and the exact formula, sir, we can get back to you on that.    Mr. Aderholt. And just to follow up, have you considered and do you have the statistics on the number of retirees that----    Mr. Aderholt. I will.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. And then, like I said, have you considered and do you have the statistics on the number of retirees that this change will affect?    General Robb. We can get that for you.    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.