    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I welcome the witnesses.    And to my colleagues, the issue of appropriate roles of the Congress and the President is a subject worthy of a genuinely substantive discussion. And I think it's a very important discussion that's involved in the hearing today. For instance, we could consider whether our Nation's current military operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria have been properly authorized by Congress. I won't go into detail, but I'm involved in research on that subject at the present moment.    Unfortunately, today's hearings may be turning into an attack against the current Administration. Let's start off with this proposition: neither the Iran nuclear agreement nor the Paris climate change agreement is a treaty within the meaning of the Constitution's Treaty Clause that requires Senate consent.    The Paris climate change agreement, for example, contains no mandatory quantitative emission standards or reductions. Rather, it is a strong exhortation that parties take concrete, transparent, but ultimately self-directed steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Contrary to the assertions of some, this agreement does not contain legally binding requirements, nor does it purport to grant new authority to the President to meet any such requirements.    In short, it doesn't meet the traditional criteria of a treaty within the meaning of the Treaty Clause. And the Iran agreement was a set of political commitments rather than legally binding requirements. Thus, it also was not constitutionally required to be subject to Senate approval.    In addition, both agreements are consistent with existing law of the United States of America. For instance, the statutes imposing sanctions on Iran for its nuclear weapons program also give the President the discretion to remove these sanctions should certain criteria be met. And the Paris climate agreement was reached pursuant to a 1992 climate change treaty that the Senate had already ratified. In other words, the Paris Agreement is consistent with the obligations created by a treaty that, under the Supremacy Clause, was already the law of the land.    Now, as professor Vladeck correctly notes, arguments questioning the legality of these agreements are part of an ongoing attempt to paint policy disputes as constitutional matters. Whatever one thinks about the merits of either the Iran nuclear agreement or the Paris climate agreement, the Constitution and the historical practice make clear that the President was within his authority to enter into them. At any rate, Congress has already had the opportunity to make its voice heard.    With respect to the Iran nuclear agreement, Congress had the chance to disapprove the agreement, but opponents of the agreement failed to obtain the necessary votes to prevent the agreement from taking effect. And as I noted and conclude, the Senate long ago ratified the climate change treaty pursuant to which the Paris Agreement was entered. So rather than sparking enlightened discussion, today's hearing I fear may be a string of partisan exercises by the Task Force, but I think it's important that we move on, and I thank our witnesses for appearing today. I look forward to hearing their testimony, and I thank the Chair.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman.    Professor Vladeck, is the Paris climate agreement and the Iran nuclear deal inconsistent with current American law?    Mr. Conyers. What say you, Professor Kontorovich?    Mr. Conyers. Well, let me ask you this: Has either the Paris climate agreement or the Iran nuclear deal created new legal, binding commitments with which our country must comply?    Mr. Conyers. Professor Kontorovich, do you generally agree with that assessment?    Mr. Conyers. Let me raise this last question here. Opponents of the Administration's policy claim that the President has exceeded his legal and constitutional authority in foreign affairs, but in what ways has Congress itself delegated its foreign policy powers to the executive branch?    Mr. Conyers. Do we have agreement on that generally?    Mr. Conyers. Professor Groves--Mr. Groves, do you agree with that?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman King.