    Mr. Barton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. One of our witnesses talked about giving the driver the keys, and you talked about who is paying for the insurance. My question is, who is going to police the road? Who is going to be there when something goes wrong? The best of drivers are going to run a stop sign, or exceed the speed limit, and there are various kinds of insurance. Sometimes they pay, sometimes they don't, but if you don't have an enforcement mechanism, you are going to have chaos. And I have yet to hear this vaunted multi-stakeholder process come up with an enforcement mechanism. I have tried to think of international multi-stakeholder institutions. I can't think of one that I think works better, or as well, as, and I hate to say this, but the Federal Government. I wouldn't say the United Nations is a paragon of efficiency. I wouldn't say the International Olympic Committee. I wouldn't even say the World Bank.    So somebody on this panel enlighten me, we have got a system that is not broke. It is the most open, transparent process out there. One of you has talked about the Internet doubling every 10 months. I have been all over the world on various congressional trips. The only place I have had trouble--my laptop because you said the Chinese government was going to bug it if I tried to turn it on.    So why try to change something that, to all intents and purposes, is one of the best multi-stakeholder, transparent, international processes out there that has the benefit of having an enforcement mechanism behind it, which is ultimately the Federal Government? And I will let anybody take a crack at that.    Mr. Barton. Anybody else?    Mr. Barton. I am just using what was given me. I mean----    Mr. Barton. I am better at sports analogies, actually.    Mr. Barton. My time is about to--I am not opposed to this----    Mr. Barton . Multi-stakeholder process, but you take things for granted. We have created a system that is the best in the world. It really works.    Mr. Barton. But you do need some enforcement mechanism somewhere with credibility that can step in, if they have to. And so far, with all respect, I don't see that, and that is my concern. But maybe it is out there, and I just don't know it.    Mr. Barton . Would be helpful--if you are in the U.S. legal system, that is a plus.    Mr. Barton. Make that Houston, Texas and you have got me.