    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Darcy, General Bostick, Mr. Johnson. I am a little bit dismayed to hear that I won't be able to question General Peabody anymore. Well, congratulations on your retirement. I feel bad you are not at the table today. You maybe want to pull up a chair?    Mr. Davis. OK. Well, congratulations. Thank you for your service. We wish you well in your retirement and hope you are not a stranger to many of us who have gotten to work with you and respect the job that you have done greatly, so thank you.    Secretary Darcy, I thought I was going to be somebody who brought up an issue that, you know, would be new to the committee discussion, and both you and General Bostick and some of my colleagues already beat me to the punch. I want to talk about the Veterans Curation Program. I actually went to the St. Louis district office and met with those who were actually implementing that program. It is a phenomenal success. It is one that I am proud to represent many of those employees who work at the St. Louis district right across the river in my district in Illinois, and I wanted to tout the successes of the program and many already have. But what I saw on the ground in St. Louis was veterans who were learning valuable skills because of what the Corps of Engineers is tasked to do with archeological findings and recordkeeping. It is a match that just works, and I want to commend you and General Bostick and the entire Corps of Engineers for making that program such a success, and whatever we can do to be helpful to continue to tout its successes, I will continue to do here.    Do you have any other comments on that program, either of you, that you might want to make?    Mr. Davis. Yeah.    General Bostick. In a previous life, I was the G1 of the Army, head of personnel, and I was really surprised to learn that in 2001, unemployment compensation for the Army was $90 million. And then in 2012 it was a half a billion dollars. So many of our soldiers that have served their country are going out and don't have the opportunity for work, and as we try to solve that at a national level, it is really individual small businesses and organizations and big businesses that have to take on some of that responsibility.    So, the Corps is not going to solve this alone, obviously, but thanks to Secretary Darcy's leadership and the rest of the team working on trying to help veterans, in our small way, we are putting a dent in that challenge that our veterans and their families face. Thank you. Thank you for visiting.    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you both. I was with Sonny. He is an inspiration, somebody who recognized a need, and it is often many of us on both sides of the aisle sit in these committee rooms and we talk about what the bureaucracy doesn't do well. We talk about a lack of innovation and a lack of doing what is best to create opportunities, especially for our heroes who are returning from the battlefield. But what this program has shown me is that the Corps of Engineers has shown an innovative approach, and it is truly helping veterans in a temporary basis to learn those skills and then move on to true careers. And I want to thank you again for making that such a success. I am here to talk to anybody who may criticize that program. I stand ready to be helpful in that.    And because I don't have much time left to ask my second question, I will wait for the second round; and I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I said I would be back. So. Thank you for your patience today. I am sorry, Mr. Johnson, I don't have a question for you. If anybody wants to give me one on a TVA. It really doesn't impact Illinois where I am at that much. I would be happy to get you one, but thank you. Consider yourself lucky because I am probably going to be more little--a little more inquisitive this time than the last time.    Mr. Davis. Yes. We will bring him back. We will bring Peabody back, too.    Secretary Darcy, obviously you have known from my testimony before and my questions of you, I am very interested in the P3 language that was inserted in WRRDA. It was a bipartisan approach that we took here. My colleague, Cheri Bustos, who serves on this committee, we were successful in inserting this language into the WRRDA bill, and I have some concerns that the Corps might lack some urgency in implementing this program.    What specific steps are you taking to make sure that the public-private partnership program in WRRDA is a priority, and why has it taken so long to implement?    Mr. Davis. And you are already working on a P3 with the Port of Tampa, right?    Mr. Davis. What is the status of that?    Mr. Davis. Can you get back to my office on that one?    Mr. Davis. Obviously, as the author of the language, we want to see action. I want to see more investment in infrastructure, and I know you just mentioned where you are looking at different projects. I want to--I want the Corps to actually look at bigger projects as possibilities for P3s, too. I represent northern Olmsted, and we have seen what that project has done over the last few years, and unfortunately, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth of many policymakers who want to see projects like that move on. I stood in Quincy, Illinois, years ago watching the Corps of Engineers pick which plan of action they were going to use to upgrade the locks and dams along the Mississippi River, and I believe Jen Greer was with me in those meetings.    We want to see some action, and I think this is a tool that should be utilized, and frankly, you know, we have got--we have had--we feel like we have to put report language in the energy and water appropriations bill that is going to require the Corps to come up with some--with answers and also a schedule for issuing implementation guidance. We got to move faster.    General Bostick. We absolutely think this is important. We have been pushing on this very hard. We think it is essential to our future. In fact, it falls under John Peabody's responsibility, and he hired somebody that wakes up every day thinking about alternative financing in P3. We have been working very closely with----    Mr. Davis. And now he is leaving?    General Bostick. Right, but he is going to leave it in good hands. And we have been working very closely with OMB on this as well. We are working within our authorities now, and we have limited authorities in that regard, but we are thinking about other authorities that we might need in order to make this a better opportunity for business and for the Federal Government.    Mr. Davis. Well, we all have the same goal. We want to see projects get started and projects get completed. You have got a willing bipartisan committee here that is willing to help you if you need changes to authorities, but these are issues I wish we would have addressed before we passed WRRDA so that we can continue to make sure that this is a priority for the Corps and also a priority for this committee and this Nation. So my time is about to expire. I really appreciate you all being here, and General Peabody, good luck. Don't let that guy sleep. Thanks. I yield back.