    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order. I will ask if the members can all take their seats.    And I had an opportunity in the early 1980s to go into East Germany and spend some time there, and during that time to see the quality of propaganda being broadcast into the East Bloc by Russia, the type of disinformation campaign that was going on.    And I would have to say that since that time the caliber of propaganda has become much more clever than that which was disseminated then.    And today we are going to look at the danger of Russia's misinformation campaign in Europe and, indeed, today that misinformation campaign is worldwide and we are also going to look at the failed response to that effort.    And as we will hear today, Russia's propaganda machine is really at this time in overdrive and part of the focus, from my standpoint, seems to be to subvert democratic stability. And, frankly, there is also an element of this that goes to the issue of fomenting violence in Eastern Europe.    Now, myself and Eliot Engel had an opportunity to go into Dnepropetrovsk and talk to civil society, the women's groups, a lot of different organizations, the lawyers groups, and this was one of the issues that people are concerned about and these tactics have undermined the government in Ukraine and, frankly, helped lay a foundation for invasion there.    This same plan is being worked in Eastern and Central Europe and this Russian propaganda has the potential to destabilize NATO members and it could impact our security commitments, especially if we look at some of what is going on in the Baltic States.    So this Russian campaign, what one witness describes as the ``weaponization of information,'' seriously threatens U.S. security. Russia has deployed an information army inside television, radio, and newspapers throughout Europe.    Some are doing the Kremlin's bidding and are given explicit guidelines to obscure the truth by spreading conspiracies, and I would just give you examples of some of the things you read now on these Russian broadcasts or some of the things that are alluded to.    One was a conspiracy that our own Government here is responsible for everything from 9/11, the attack on 9/11 to the downing of Malaysia Flight MH17 over Ukraine. Others are simply paid more for demonizing the West, while those who pursue credible reporting are pushed aside.    Today, we will hear from journalist Liz Wahl, who dramatically interrupted a live broadcast to resign from RT, a Russian outlet, explaining she could not stand by its distorted coverage of Russia's occupation of Ukraine.    Meanwhile, independent journalists in Russia have come under attack. There have been three journalists in Russia killed so far this year. Unfortunately, Ms. Wahl is a rarity.    So Russian speakers in the frontline states like the Baltic, Ukraine, and Moldova continue to be told that their governments want to oppress and render them second class citizens.    Unfortunately, many are buying this divisive message. In parts of Europe where there aren't Russian speaking populations there is also a message and that message is that Western democracy is morally corrupt and that integration with Europe since the Cold War has failed.    It is estimated that Putin is spending more than $600 million a year to deride democratic pluralism and the U.S. response to this? Well, the agency expected to manage our response, the Broadcasting Board of Governors, is far behind.    After years of Mr. Putin ramping up the effort in Russia, last fall the BBG finally launched its flagship response to Russian propaganda--a mere 30-minute television news program in the Russian language called ``Current Time.''    The program was put on air in Lithuania, Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine, and Latvia. But after just 4 months it was pulled in Latvia because it couldn't draw an audience. Now, what U.S.-backed news and information that does get through, the amount of that is a thimble of journalistic credibility in an ocean of Russian-driven news distortion and this isn't a matter of resources, from my perspective.    U.S. broadcasters are laboring under a flawed bureaucracy. Members may recall that then Secretary Clinton called the agency defunct in her testimony before this committee in 2013.    The Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office have been highly critical, and the agency hired a CEO and he quit after 42 days on the job. Last week, the director of the VOA announced his resignation.    Our international broadcasting is in disarray. The journalists of the BBG risk their lives reporting from the front lines across the world. They deserve better support, and the American people need much more from this agency if we are going to respond to the rapidly evolving media environment and better secure the long-term security interests of the United States.    Last Congress, the House unanimously passed bipartisan legislation introduced by myself and Ranking Member Eliot Engel. This legislation is referenced in an op-ed today in the Wall Street Journal that I wrote.    But I will just share with the members here that that legislation will help us fight Putin's propaganda by allowing more resources to be spent in the field and on content instead of on a broken bureaucracy, and by clarifying the BBG's mission, creating accountable leadership through a CEO and reducing the bureaucracy, this can lead to a situation where the budget there can be spent on disseminating truthful news and that should be the goal.    Righting international broadcasting must be an urgent priority in our foreign policy, and now I would like to turn to the ranking member of this committee and the co-author of the legislation to do this, Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    We will begin with Mr. Peter Pomerantsev. He is the senior fellow to the Transitions Forum at the Legatum Institute in London.    His writing focuses largely on 21st century propaganda. It is featured regularly in the London Review of Books and the Atlantic Financial Times in foreign policy and elsewhere. He is author of the ``The Menace of Unreality: How the Kremlin Weaponizes Information, Culture and Money.''    We will hear next from Ms. Elizabeth Wahl. She formally worked for the U.S. Branch of RT Television until her resignation last year on live Russian television in protest to President Putin's government and their distorted coverage of the conflict in Eastern Europe. Ms. Wahl is now a freelance journalist and public speaker.    Ms. Helle Dale is the senior fellow in public diplomacy studies for the Heritage Foundation where her work focuses on the U.S. Government's institutions and programs for strategic outreach to the public of foreign countries.    Ms. Dale's career started in journalism where she worked for both domestic and foreign publications as well as print and electronic media.    And I would also like to welcome the Vaclav Havel Journalism Fellowship Program, an initiative of Radio Free Europe, Russia Liberty and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic.    The Vaclav Havel journalism fellows in attendance today, and they are in the second row there on the left, are from Belarus, from Moldova, Ukraine, Georgia, and Russia who have been targeted, these particular journalists have been targeted by the Kremlin and have been victims of Putin's assault on free media, and we thank them for being with us here today.    And without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record and members will have 5 calendar days to submit statements and questions and any extraneous material for the record.    And so I would encourage you, Mr. Pomerantsev, if you would like to summarize your remarks for 5 minutes lay out the case.    Then we will go to Ms. Wahl and Helle Dale and then we will go to our members for questions.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    Ms. Wahl.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ms. Wahl.    Ms. Dale.    Chairman Royce. Helle, could you just hit the button there?    Chairman Royce. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Dale.    One of the questions I am interested in here is that usually around the globe people hunger for information and especially when they think they are being denied facts.    But what seems to be happening in Russia is that people begin to presume that these conspiracies are in fact true as they are, you know, introduced to this on a daily basis.    They repeat it over and over and over again and suddenly the conspiratorial theories begin to take on a life of its own, and I wondered if maybe the panelists could explain the factors that make this Russian disinformation campaign seemingly so effective from some of the polling I have seen inside Russia in terms of the credibility the people have to information which logic would contradict.    But also I was going to ask you a little bit about the platform that it provides for fringe and radical views, not just in Russia but worldwide, as sort of the extreme fringe as given a platform for what otherwise would not be considered reputable television, you know. Most broadcasts wouldn't have on the types of voices with these conspiratorial theories.    But maybe you could explain the process that RT undertakes to select its experts, and I will just turn it over to the panel for your responses.    Chairman Royce. Well, I think what is interesting about it--I mean, the use of raw violence, which they do a lot of on YouTube, 1.4 billion hits is a lot of hits.    Chairman Royce. So people will go to the use of raw violence and then that will be used as, you know, part of a thesis on some conspiracy theory that then is played out. I wondered, Peter, your take on this.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Peter. Let me go. My time has expired. I am going to go to Mr. Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. We will go now to Dana Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. We will go now to Mr. Gregory Meeks.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Scott Perry of Pennsylvania.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Joaquin Castro of Texas.    Chairman Royce. Let me just thank Mr. Peter Pomerantsev and Ms. Dale, Elizabeth Wahl. Thank you very, very much for your testimony today.    I also wanted to thank the reporters here who report in Moldova and in Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Russia, for being with us and these reporters in particular have been targeted by the Kremlin.    So we wanted to give them an opportunity to be with us today. We are going to have to stand adjourned at this time but we will continue this dialogue.    And thank you to all our panelists.