    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Chair, the NCUA has said that a limited number of credit unions would be downgraded if the risk-based capital proposal was in place today. I am interested in what impact this proposal would have had if it had been in place at the height of the fiscal crisis in 2009. Has the agency prepared or seen any analysis of how many credit unions would have been downgraded during the crisis? And of those that would have been downgraded under the proposal, how are they doing today without the proposal having been in place at the time? Do you kind of follow that question?    Mr. Posey. Okay. Did they all go away? Or are most of them doing fine today?    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Mr. Posey. Yes. I have some credit union data which indicated that had the proposal been in place during the financial crisis, it is estimated that only 45 credit unions would have been downgraded. And of those, 41 would be well-capitalized today. The point is, that is the pain this proposal will cause all credit unions worth the gain of regulating a few bad actors that NCUA could have already reined in through the normal exam process?    Mr. Posey. Okay. The Risk-Based Capital Study Act was recently introduced in the House to require the NCUA to examine certain issues with respect to this proposed rule. Under the legislation, the NCUA would not be able to move forward on the proposal until after this study is completed. Given that the second risk-based capital proposal received an even higher number of comments than the first, has there been any discussion at the agency to slow down the process here and, perhaps, study the issue further before proceeding ahead with the final rulemaking completion?    Mr. Posey. My thought was that if it took 12 months last time to come up with a new proposal, shouldn't we kind of be giving it the same amount of time and effort to review the current one just to make sure we get it right?    Mr. Posey. Many more comments to respond to and a whole lot more input.    Mr. Posey. How many do you regulate? So we are saying 20 out of how many?