    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, panel, for being here.    Ms. Goldfuss, you made a statement reminiscent of Teddy Roosevelt that I will say I actually wholeheartedly agree with, that we should be good stewards of our natural resources, and leave them in a better condition than we found them in for the next generation.    However, Roosevelt was a conservationist who believed that our resources were there for our use, and we were to manage them as good stewards. In all due respect, from what I see from our current Administration, there is a great contrast in Roosevelt's brand of conservation and this Administration's model of preservation and a total hands-off approach.    So, if we cut to the chase, this Memo and plan looks to me like it could be used as an impediment for any use and management of our resources, which would prohibit us from being able to have any kind of conservation efforts.    The famous mathematician, physicist, and philosopher, Pascal, once said that words arranged differently have different meanings, and meanings arranged differently have different effects. There are a lot of problems with some of the words that are in this Memo. And, I know you have said that the Memo does not really mean anything, that the agencies can figure out what they mean; but the Memo talks about a resource of irreplaceable character, and that minimization and compensation may not be adequate forms of mitigation. Could you help me understand what is meant by irreplaceable character? Ms. Goldfuss?    Mr. Westerman. So, when we talk about----    Mr. Westerman . Irreplaceable, are we talking about mitigation? How do you mitigate something that is irreplaceable?    Mr. Westerman. Can you provide some examples of something that has irreplaceable character?    Mr. Westerman. You wrote a memo that you don't know what the memo means?    Mr. Westerman. Could the category of irreplaceable include minerals or other similar resources?    Mr. Westerman. Well, how are we supposed to understand, if you wrote the Memo, and you don't know what it means?    Mr. Westerman. Right, I----    Mr. Westerman. I worked in the private sector and I understand what wetland mitigation is. I understand how that works. I understand how you can replace habitat. But how do you mitigate something that is irreplaceable? My concern is that if you leave this definition wide open, then anything can become irreplaceable. There is no way to mitigate it. And then you are back to preservation, and you are not using your resources, you are just taking a hands-off approach.    So, Mr. Bean and Mr. Ferebee, how would your agencies intend to define what is considered irreplaceable?    Mr. Westerman. So, you could----    Mr. Westerman. It would mean a hands-off approach if it was deemed irreplaceable?    Mr. Westerman. And Fish and Wildlife, the Forest Service, and other agencies will determine what irreplaceable means, because we really don't know right now?    Mr. Westerman. And I have used all my time, Mr. Chairman.