    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, panel, for being here.    As we are talking about the integrity here, one of the things we had a hearing on in our Oversight and Investigations subcommittee, which I chair, was the idea that Medicaid has $17.5 billion in improper payments and maintains a high threshold of tolerance on that. I want to talk about one area where it is not just going after those who are being fraudulent but a policy within Medicaid--and Mr. Hagg particularly, get your comments on this--in HHS' OIG report from March of this year, it was entitled ``Second Generation Antipsychotic Drug Use Among Medicaid-Enrolled Children: Quality-of-Care Concerns.'' I don't know if you are familiar with this report.    Mr. Murphy. OK. Then I will give you some information on it.    Mr. Murphy. They describe in there that 8 percent of second generation antipsychotics, otherwise known as SGAs, were prescribed for the limited number of medically accepted pediatric conditions, only 8 percent. That means 92 percent of claims that were not prescribed for medically accepted pediatric indications were off label, off label. There is a quality of care concern that was identified in this report and medical records where 67 percent of claims for SGAs prescribed for children. And there was two or more problems for 49 percent. I will read you one of the case studies.    A 4-year-old child diagnosed with ADHD and a mood disorder in which--this was reviewed by a child and adolescent psychiatrist. They said there was no evidence in the child's medical history of any monitoring while the child was taking the sampled SGA. The reviewer stated that individual, family, and behavioral therapy should have been attempted before initiating treatment with drugs. However, there was no evidence in the child's medical record indicating that such therapies were attempted. They also went on to say that the child was prescribed four psychotropic drugs during the review period of which two were antipsychotics. The reviewer noted there was no appropriate doses prescribed of antipsychotics for this child's condition. And the reviewer stated that the treatment with the SGA was not appropriate for a 4-year-old.    Now, it made a series of recommendations. First, to work with state Medicaid Programs to perform utilization review of SGAs prescribed to children. Second, CMS should work with State Medicaid Programs to conduct periodic reviews of medical records associated with claims for SGAs prescribed to children. And, third, CMS should work with states to consider other methods of enhanced oversight of SGAs prescribed to children, such as implementing peer-reviewed programs. Apparently, CMS concurred with all these recommendations. Are you familiar with any of this? Do you know if any progress was made on any of these recommendations?    Mr. Murphy. Would you, please? Thank you.    Either of you familiar with this as state issues?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, in 2011, talked about foster children. This looked at a wider range of kids. But, yes, you are right about that too.    Mr. Murphy. So here is something I am thinking for the states and also with regard to your office too, sir, we are all very concerned about people who are involved with waste, fraud, and abuse. But there is a Medicaid policy that says you can't see two doctors in the same day, same day doctor rule. So the pediatrician identifies, a mother brings a 17-year-old to the doctor and says, ``I am very concerned, my son is talking to himself; he is hearing voices; he is doing poorly in school; he has lost his friends; he is isolated,'' and that pediatrician rightfully says, ``We need to have you see a psychiatrist immediately. This is a very serious concern. Oh, you are on Medicaid? I am sorry, you have to go home.'' This is the rule.    And so what happens is, I wonder if this is perhaps one of the reasons why over 72 percent of antipsychotic drugs are prescribed by nonpsychiatrists. You can imagine the outrage if I said 72 percent of heart surgeries were performed by people who weren't surgeons. So what I see here is while people may be operating within the rules of Medicaid, it may be actually inviting these kind of improper cases. So when we look at what has happened in the past where this committee has rightly been concerned, 50 deceased providers and 50 providers who have been excluded from Medicaid and people on suspended or revoked licenses can all bill Medicaid, my concern is we have rules within Medicaid that say just because you have an M.D. or D.O. After your name, you can still prescribe. But we end up with what I think is a pretty amazing report from the Office of Inspector General saying something is wrong here. And I hope that this is something that States comment on and your office comments on too and recognizes that part of the problem we have here is to fix this.    This committee, everybody in this committee knows we have to fix things in mental health. People have got some tremendous ideas how we are going to do this. But I hope this is one of those areas that Medicaid can also review to fix this harm that is happening to our children.    Thank you. I yield back.