    Mr. DeSantis. Yes.    The Clerk. Mr. DeSantis votes yes.    Mr. Mulvaney?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Herring, you had said that the case involving Hillary Clinton is closed. Did you mean that that also includes the perjury referral that the Congress has sent to the FBI? Has that case been disposed of?    Mr. Herring. No, I'm not aware of--I know there have been referrals. I have to defer to the Department of Justice for where that is in the process.    Mr. DeSantis. But you can't say that it's been disposed of, correct?    Mr. Herring. No, sir.    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Let me bring you in, Mr. Higgins, about kind of the nature of the information. Do you work or have you worked in your career at the CIA in what is called the SCIF?    Mr. DeSantis. What is that?    Mr. DeSantis. And what's the purpose of it?    Mr. DeSantis. So if I have that type of information, TS/SCI, am I allowed to store it in my office if my office isn't certified as a SCIF?    Mr. DeSantis. And so could I bring it home, even if I lock my door at night, put it in my nightstand, if I lock my bedroom door, would that meet the qualifications of having SCI information if it wasn't certified as a SCIF?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And we have a SCIF underneath the Capitol here. We have briefings here for Members of Congress. And when you are going into the SCIF, there are certain protocols that you have got to follow. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. All the files have to be locked up at the end of the night. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And when the SCIF is unoccupied, the door has got to be locked. You can't just leave it open. Right?    Mr. DeSantis. And you're not allowed to bring phones or electronic recording devices in the SCIF. Correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So if I want to sit there and listen to the briefing about payments to Iran, if that's classified and we're down in the SCIF, if I want to bring my iPhone to check my email or to check news clips, I just can't do that, right?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Now, has it happened, at the CIA or any of the other agencies, where employees have brought that type of electronic media into a SCIF?    Mr. DeSantis. And I would say that there's probably been instances where SCIFs have been unlocked overnight or been unattended and been unlocked, and there's also procedures for reporting that, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And why do you have to immediately report it? I mean, mistakes happen.    Mr. DeSantis. Which--and the consequences could mean that that information is exposed to hostile actors?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And if that happens, what happens at the CIA if somebody has not shown themselves to be able to handle this in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations? Is that something that employees have faced consequences for?    Mr. DeSantis. It's not a hypothetical. I'm saying have people been--have there been consequences for employees who have not followed the proper protocol in the past?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And administrative action could mean loss of security clearance?    Mr. DeSantis. Now, there's an issue about whether classified information is marked or not. Does the fact that it has markings, if something is not marked, does that mean it's not classified?    Mr. DeSantis. And if you have, you know--we have people that are forward and, you know, you have things like signals intelligence and human intelligence, you can get that in forms before it ends up getting reduced to a document, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And the fact that if I got that, I could not then go to an email system or an unclassified area and reduce that to writing if it's not properly protected, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you. I'm out of time.    I yield back.