    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Cohen, Mr. Scheeler, Pebble's been blasted by Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle for years because for over a decade they haven't filed the mine permit. Mr. Secretary, you talked about there's nothing that the state can do, the EPA can do to compel them to do it. At the same time, they went to the SEC and did detailed information for investors on this, and I understand that much of what the EPA based their 404(c) determination on was Pebble's information to the SEC.    How much of EPA's decision to move forward was based on frustration that emerged from the fishermen who depend on this, from the Native Americans, from the people of Alaska that this was just a sword of Damocles hanging over their head, that Pebble was not coming forward with a mine permit and there was a lot of pressure on the EPA to try to do something?    Hon. Cohen. Well, that's another policy issue, Congressman, that I think needs to be addressed. If the State of Alaska, which owns the property, and have given mining rights to Pebble is there a requirement that they file a defined plan, a specified defined plan, in a certain time frame. I mean, it would seem to me that for the government to say you must file something is really kind of preempting certainly the state's interest in this and certainly Pebble's interest but any time a landowner including the State of Alaska is forced to take action, which it says it's not ready to take or the individual involved who owns the property right or the mineral right, you must do this, it seems to me that this is a policy issue which I think Congress needs to look at closely.    If you think 404(c) should be applied and can be applied on multiple occasions, not just this one but multiple occasions without a permit having been filed, then that's a very big policy decision, and I think it's worth--I think you need to explore it. I think this is very important.    And I would tell the Committee and the people who are here, I've been a big supporter of EPA. Historically, I've supported much if not all of their work in the past certainly when I was a Member of Congress, but I also felt when I was in the Senate and the House that I wanted every agency to act as openly and fairly as possible and you come to the situation where you say I'm going to force you to file a plan before you're ready. I think that trespasses upon the state's right and also the individual's rights. That's a personal opinion. It's a policy decision which I think you need to raise and hopefully resolve.    Mr. Beyer. All right. Thank you very much.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much, and thank you to the witnesses.    The heart of the questioning today seems to me why did the EPA feel the need to use the 404(c) process rather than just wait for Pebble to file a mining permit. Senator Halford talked about the stress and uncertainty of the people of Bristol Bay, and I'd like to use my time to help the public understand why the EPA took the actions that it has and to help show the potential consequences of a mine failure in Bristol Bay.    The Pebble Partnership has pledged that they would operate their mine safely and that it would contain modern engineering practices that would prevent virtually any conceivable accident from occurring, and they've repeatedly pointed to the Fraser River in British Columbia and specifically the Mount Polley Mine as a working example of a mine with modern engineering that has had minimal impact on the surrounding environment.    I'd like to start by playing a video the Pebble Partnership produced on the coexistence of mines and fish in the Fraser River Basin several years ago.    So that is very encouraging. In 2012, in response to the EPA's analysis of the potential impact a Pebble mine could have on the Bristol Bay Watershed, John Shiveley, the CEO of Pebble Partnership and now as Chairman of the Board of Directors, wrote the EPA arguing that their analysis had faulty assumptions based on outdated mining technology. He attached seven White Papers including three by the international engineering firm Knight Piesold and two papers that focused on the coexistence of mining and salmon in the Fraser River. I've prerecorded excerpts from that letter and those papers over a video of the Mount Polley Mine's tailing ponds rupture. This occurred in August 2014, sending 25 million cubic meters of water and mine waste into the waterways of the Fraser River Basin. If we can now play that video?    I want to emphasize that those--I was reading it but those are not my words. Those came from the previous CEO of Pebble Mine and the reports that were issued, so we see the incredible irony and unhappiness.    So three questions that come out. What was the cause of the Mount Polley tailings pond breach? An expert panel found that the geological features of the tailings dam were neglected in its construction and concluded that ``the design was doomed to failure.'' Who designed the Mount Polley tailing storage facility? It was the same firm that produced the three White Papers that we read from, arguing that modern engineering standards had prevented any failures at the Mount Polley Mine and would prevent any future mishaps at Pebble's Bristol Bay mine. It's also the same company hired to design Pebble's tailings dam at the proposed mine in Bristol Bay.    Finally, what was the environmental impact of the Mount Polley mine breach? Not yet clear but what is clear is that the Pebble Partnership pointed to the Mount Polley mine as an example of what we could expect from modern engineering practices that would be used to construct their mine in Bristol Bay. Hence, the stress and uncertainty of the people of Bristol Bay.    Senator Halford, how do you respond to this? What are your thoughts?