    Chairman McCaul. The Committee on Homeland Security will come to order. The committee is meeting today to hear testimony on violent Islamist extremism and the threat of foreign fighters and home-grown terror. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Today, at the first hearing of the House Committee on Homeland Security in the 114th Congress, I would like to take a moment of silence to remember all those who lost their lives at the hands of ISIS, especially Americans James Foley, Steven Sotloff, and most recently, Kayla Mueller.    These victims are the reason why we are here today. We must keep these barbaric terrorists out of the homeland to protect the American people. This hearing will also assess the urgent and growing threat of terrorist recruiting and inspiring Americans. We need to accurately define the threat, and that is violent Islamist extremism, and recognize that it is spreading like wildfire around the globe.    These fanatics want nothing less than destruction of our way of life, and now their ability to match words with deeds is growing at an astonishing rate. In recent years, their safe havens have proliferated and their ranks have swelled.    In many ways, we are no longer talking about terrorist groups. We are talking about terrorist armies. ISIS now controls a territory the size of Belgium, governs millions of people, draws on billions of dollars in revenue and commands tens of thousands of foot soldiers.    They are brutal. Their latest act of barbarism was on full display with a horrific murder of a Jordanian pilot. This evolving Islamic terrorist landscape has given rise to the dual threats of foreign fighters returning to the United States and home-grown terrorism. The recent terror attack in Paris and other attacks and plots in Belgium, Germany, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and here in the United States are proof that the threat has surged and that the enemy is dead-set on attacking the West.    This map behind me shows a wide-spread surge in ISIS-linked terrorist plots over the last year alone. As Mr. Rasmussen notes in his testimony, more than 20,000 fighters from over 90 countries have made their way to the battlefield to join al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other extremist groups, making this the largest convergence of Islamist terrorists in world history.    That number continues to grow despite months of air strikes. Up to 5,000 of these fighters are Westerners, many of whom are able to travel into the United States without obtaining a visa. And more than 150 American citizens have attempted to or succeeded in getting to the battlefield, and we know that some of them have already returned to our shores. You can see this flow depicted in the graphic behind me.    But extremists do not need to travel overseas in order to become a threat to our homeland. Through Hollywood-like propaganda videos and social media and through that means, Islamist terror groups are inciting their followers and potential recruits to wage war at home.    Both ISIS, and Yemen-based al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula have called for Westerners, including Americans, to wage individual jihad in their home countries, and it is working. ISIS social media also gives step-by-step instructions on how to get to the fight and how to return.    Following the attacks in Paris last month, our European partners have been busy uncovering new terrorist cells and disrupting imminent plots. Also, just recently here at home, the FBI arrested an Ohio-based ISIS sympathizer who was intending to attack the United States Capitol with pipe bombs.    I am worried about our ability to combat this threat abroad, but also here at home. I wrote to the President recently and raised concerns that we still have no lead agency in charge of countering domestic radicalization and no line item for it in the budgets of key departments and agencies.    I am also concerned that the few programs we do have in place are far too small to confront a threat that has grown so quickly.    Today, I hope to hear how the administration assesses the danger posed by foreign fighters, particularly Westerners, and the threat of home-grown terrorism here in the United States. More importantly, I hope we will hear about how the administration is responding and how it plans to ramp up its response to those challenges.    This morning, I would like to welcome all of our witnesses, but especially Mr. Rasmussen with the National Counterterrorism Center, in his first appearance before Congress after being confirmed as director, and we look forward to his testimony.    As part of our committee's focus on this critical National security issue, the Ranking Member and myself are establishing a task force on combating terrorist and foreign fighter travel. The 6-month task force will review U.S. Government efforts, focusing on DHS, to disrupt terrorist travel into our country and to combat the foreign fighter threat. It will ultimately provide recommendations to the committee on how we can improve U.S. security against these dangers.    I must say I am very disappointed that the State Department chose not to send a witness here today. The threats we are discussing are serious, and the State Department plays a key role in combating them.    I recently sent a letter to the White House expressing my concerns over the Department's desire to resettle tens of thousands of Syrian refugees here in the United States. I am worried that ISIS could exploit this effort in order to deploy operatives to America via a Federally-funded jihadi pipeline.    Before closing, I would like to again reiterate what I said at our organizational meeting last month. Mr. Thompson, we look forward to working with you to accomplish our shared goal of protecting the homeland.    Chairman McCaul. With that, the Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Member.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the Ranking Member. Other Members are reminded that statements may be submitted for the record.    Chairman McCaul. I am pleased to have three distinguished witnesses before us today to discuss this important topic. First, the honorable Francis Taylor became the under secretary for intelligence and analysis at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in April 2014. He has held a variety of senior-level positions over his 35-year career in Government service. Most recently, Under Secretary Taylor served as the assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security and director of foreign missions. Thank you, sir, for being here today.    Next we have the honorable Nicholas Rasmussen, sworn in as director of the National Counterterrorism Center in December 2014. He previously served as NCTC's deputy director since June 2012. Prior to returning to NCTC, he served with the National Security Council staff as special assistant to the President and senior director for counterterrorism. Thank you, sir.    Last but not least, Michael Steinbach, appointed as the assistant director of the FBI's Counterterrorism Division by Director Comey in July 2014. He joined the FBI in 1995, held a variety of positions at FBI headquarters in the field and overseas during his 10-year career with the bureau, most recently served as deputy assistant director of the Counterterrorism Division.    The witnesses' full statements will appear in the record. The Chairman now recognizes Under Secretary Taylor for his opening statement.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the Secretary. Excuse me. The Chairman now recognizes Director Rasmussen for his opening statement.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you.    Chairman McCaul. We just have many Members here to ask questions, and there will be plenty of time to talk about that, but we appreciate you being here today. Thank you, Director.    Chairman now recognizes Assistant Director Steinbach for his opening statement.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, Director. Chairman now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    You know, the American people have seen Americans, the American journalists, beheaded by the executioner, ISIS executioner. It was a wake-up call for the United States, Kayla Mueller, who was just recently executed, and the Jordanian pilot, in one of the most horrific videos I have ever seen, and a very sophisticated Hollywood movie production style, lit on flames. They are barbarians, and I think the barbarians are at the gate.    We want to keep them outside the gate of the United States. I am concerned that some have already returned. So my first question is--we know there are 50,000 ISIS strong. We know that foreign fighters have gone from 15,000 to 20,000. We know that 5,000 of these foreign fighters have Western passports that could get them entrance into the United States. As Director Rasmussen mentioned, there are hundreds of Americans who have traveled to the region to fight with ISIS. We know that some of them have returned, and that is a Classified number.    But my first question is, for those who have returned to the United States, what assurance can you give the American people--what confidence do we have, first that we know all the people who have joined the fight and returned? What are we doing about it to ensure that they do not attack here in the United States? Director Rasmussen.    Chairman McCaul. Mr. Steinbach.    Chairman McCaul. Well, in my briefings in having served as a Federal prosecutor, as well, I certainly understand that. I want to commend the FBI for its efforts in this very difficult task to monitor. You are right, you don't know what you don't know. I don't think our human intelligence on the ground in Syria is sufficient to properly identify these individuals, and hopefully, the administration will move forward to do that.    General Taylor, in regards to travel. At Homeland Security, there is a lot of it is about travel, keeping people off airplanes, whether it be al-Nusra, Khorasan Group, AQAP with bombs or these foreign fighters in Syria with ISIS off airplanes. There has been some concern that our European partners have not been fully cooperative.    A good example is the brothers in the Paris attacks, went to Yemen, were on a No-Fly list. We share that information with them. I don't know what they are doing with that. I am concerned about Turkey in terms of their cooperation because, let's face it, these foreign fighters are like a highway going through in and out of Turkey, as demonstrated by the female terrorist in the grocery store who left Paris, went to Istanbul and into Turkey.    What are we doing to ramp up these efforts with our European partners and with Turkey?    Chairman McCaul. Well, I think since Paris it has been enhanced. I know it is--if State Department was here they could answer the coordination and cooperation with these databases. No-fly list, terrorist watch list, we have had a difficult time having them recognize that in Europe, Canada with some privacy concerns as well, and I hope that we can work that out so that we have a free exchange of intelligence and information to keep these terrorists off airplanes, stop the travel, and stop them from coming into the United States.    My time is just about expired, but one last question. The state is not here to answer this, but I am very concerned and I sent a letter to Susan Rice about these refugees, both in Syria and Turkey. I have been over there and I have seen them. Yes, most of them are women and children, but there are male actors that concern me.    I think this would be a huge mistake if we bring in these refugess into the United States that could potentially be radicalized. Then we got a--we are not only trying to keep these guys, the foreign fighters, out, but under this would be a Federally-sanctioned welcome party, if you will, to potential terrorists in the United States.    Can the three of you, and I know this is a very maybe awkward question to ask you, but all three of you, do you agree with that policy that we should bring in these Syrian refugees into the United States?    Chairman McCaul. But do you think that would pose a threat or danger to Americans?    Chairman McCaul. My time is--I mean, very succinctly, Director Rasmussen, Mr. Steinbach, would that bring in Syrian refugees pose a greater risk to Americans?    Chairman McCaul. Well, you said we don't know what we don't know.    Mr. Steinbach.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you.    Chairman recognizes the Ranking Member.    Chairman McCaul. The Chairman recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith.    Chairman McCaul. Gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin, is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. The gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Duncan, is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. That is a good idea.    Chairman McCaul. Thank the gentleman for his insight, as always.    Gentleman from New York, Mr. Higgins.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, and thank you for raising that important issue. I think it is going to provide a mode of communication for not only criminals, but potential terrorists to communicate without any ability of us to intercept that. So, with that the Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Perry.    Chairman McCaul. Just to the gentleman's point, I--in deference to these individuals, in their reports they refer to it as Sunni extremism. I believe it is radical Islamist extremism that is the enemy. It is important to define that, it defies me why the administration won't call it that, but I will support these three witnesses, who, in their reporting, call--I think called threat what it is.    Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Keating.    Chairman McCaul. Let me just add, the gentleman mentioned Boston. We have the Watertown police, as you know, in town to receive the Presidential Medal of Valor for Public Safety. I can't think of a organization more deserving than the Watertown police and the heroic efforts on that fateful day.    With that, the Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Clawson.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the gentleman on this important point. Our NATO ally Turkey could be a real help with the situation. I think we need to put pressure towards that end.    Gentlelady from New York, Miss Rice, is recognized.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So I am not sure who can answer this, or all of you or one of you. Can you expand on the enhancements that are--have been made or are planning--or are going to be made on the ESTA system for the Visa Waiver countries to better secure, obviously, our Nation's homeland? To what extent--or where do you get the funding to ensure that whatever enhancements need to be made can be paid for?    Chairman McCaul. Thank you.    Gentlemen, from Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk, is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Please.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the gentleman.    The Chairman now recognizes the gentlemen from New Jersey, Mr. Payne.    Chairman McCaul. The gentleman from New York, Mr. Katko is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Gentlelady from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, gentlelady.    Chairman McCaul. The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the gentlemen.    Chairman recognizes the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Chairman McCaul. Gentlelady's time has experienced. The gentlelady from Arizona, Ms. McSally, is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Chairman recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Torres.    Chairman McCaul. The Chairman recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Chairman McCaul. We thank the witnesses for being here today. This is a very important topic to our National security. I want to thank all three of you for your service to the American people to keep Americans safe. I want to thank also the rank and file within the Department of Homeland Security, NCTC, and the FBI for the job that they do day in and day out without much recognition. But they are truly the patriots of this country. Just on behalf of this committee, we want to say thank you.    The hearing record will be open for 10 days for additional questioning. Without objection, the committee stands adjourned.