    Mr. Grothman. Obviously, student debt is a huge problem out there. Are you in favor of allowing students to refinance their debt at a lower interest rate?    Mr. Grothman. Well, I'm just saying across the board. I don't like this idea of penalizing people, you know, penalizing certain people. Do you think it would be a good idea just in general to say we can refinance debt?    Mr. Grothman. It's something I'd like to do. And we're, obviously, going to go into a very difficult budget right now. I realize, you know, a certain level has been agreed to, but we also have a dip in the economy. So income's not going to come in as quickly as we said.    President Obama has proposed particularly huge mandatory spending increases, and even a 2 percent increase in your budget here. Do you have any suggestions of things you don't feel are as necessary in your proposed budget if we have to pare it back, particularly if we have to pare it back to allow students to refinance?    Mr. Grothman. So your idea would be greater in debt now, but down the road it's going to pay for itself 20 years from now or something.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. A lot of your investments are in 4-year college. In my district, I am finding a lot of people, perhaps egged on by people giving them student loans or Pell Grants, are spending a significant amount of time going to a 4-year college and later on they wind up going back to a tech school because their degree, their 4-year degree, was not helpful at all.    Do you have any proposals out there in which maybe we could prevent these kids from wasting their time in the first place and they can go or be pushed immediately into some sort of education in which they could get a job rather than wasting, to a certain extent, taxpayers' money, but also their own money and time in getting a degree that's not helpful?    Mr. Grothman. I don't mean to cut you off, but my chairman is going to bang the gavel.    Do you agree that there are many people going for a traditional degree today who would be better off not going for that degree?    Mr. Grothman. Right. Do you feel guilty if you've given a large student loan to somebody and they don't get a decent job and have to go back maybe to a tech school 5 or 6 years later? Does that make you feel guilty?