    Mr. Wallace. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you. It's obviously my great pleasure and honor to appear with my distinguished colleagues on this panel.    The hijacking and weaponization of social media platforms by extremist groups to radicalize, recruit and plan violent attacks against innocent people around the world is a cancer that continues to grow largely unabated. Today, there are at least 43,000 active pro-ISIS Twitter accounts endlessly amplifying and repeating ISIS's messages of hate and terror. The more than 30,000 people who have joined ISIS from around the world is a testament to the power of social media.    On September 11 of this year, CEP, the Counter Extremism Project, released profiles of 66 Americans who have joined or allegedly attempted to join the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, as well as other Americans accused of planning attacks on U.S. soil, providing financial assistance to extremist entities, or propagandizing on their behalf. These individuals have very different backgrounds and experiences. But the one characteristic that they seem to share is active participation on social media. In addition, we will soon release profiles on 54 of the most prolific social media propagandists. Through #CEPDigitalDistruption, we have identified and reported hundreds of extremists to Twitter. And in June, we expanded our campaign to include monitoring of Twitter accounts in French, Italian, German, and Turkish.    We respect and honor our American constitutional traditions of free speech. Our standard for reporting an account is incitement of violence or direct threats. To be clear, we are concerned about various social media platforms. Our focus is on Twitter because it's effectively the gateway drug where individuals, usually young people, are first exposed to propaganda and radical content. It's, of course, an enormously successful platform, Twitter, ubiquitous. In many ways, that success has spurred its misuse by online jihadis. We wrote three letters to Twitter. But the response we have gotten is dismissive to the point of dereliction. Twitter's attitude can be best summarized in a quote provided to Mother Jones magazine by a Twitter official. They said ``one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.'' I want to repeat that. ``One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.'' Of course, this statement is insipid and unserious, particularly in the context of Al Qaeda, ISIS, and many other extremist groups.    Sally Jones epitomizes Twitter's failure to act effectively. Jones, known on Twitter as Um Hassan Al-Bretani, is a British ISIS operative. In September, Jones issued a kill list of 100 U.S. servicemen. She was named an SDN global terrorist and placed on the United Nations' Security Council's sanctions list. And, yet, in October, Jones urged violence on Twitter against Navy Seal Veteran Robert O'Neil and Dillard Johnson, a former Army sergeant. If Twitter can beef up its policies as it relates to bullying and harassment of women, why does it show such dismissiveness when it comes to those promoting and glorifying terror.    We stand ready to work with Congress, the administration, and any company, including Twitter, in finding the right mix of remedies that effectively attacks this growing problem, while protecting our values and liberties. We believe there are clear and immediate changes that all social media companies could make. First, one of the problems we have encountered is that many social media companies place accounts that have been reported into a rolling queue. We believe that by giving CEP as well as others like the State Department trusted reporting status and opening a direct line of communication, we can more easily and swiftly identify and remove the most notorious extremists online.    Second, our campaign relies in part on our stakeholder audience also reporting accounts. But the reporting process on Twitter and other social media sites is long and cumbersome. Twitter recently started its streamlined reporting process for women to report harassment or stalking which is great. But reporting of violent extremists still falls into a catchall category.    Third, while every organization is different, we believe it's critical that America's most important tech companies show a united front when it comes to fighting violent extremism. This would include a clear public policy statement that extremist activities will not be tolerated.    Fourth, shine the bright spotlight of transparency in the most extremist, most egregious extremist accounts. This past year, one of the most influential social media jihadi, Shami Witness, was exposed and immediately shut down his accounts and stopped operating. We can collectively agree that the most egregious of cyber jihadis do not deserve anonymity or the right of free hate and incitement of terror speech through the use of Twitter or any other social media platform.    Fifth, companies should more proactively monitor content. It's one thing to take down, but they should more proactively monitor. While no social media company has been able to resolve the problem completely, companies like Google and Facebook are at least willing to have a conversation and take steps to address the issue.    I am convinced that there are strategies that we can bring to bear on those who attempt to hijack and weaponize social media platforms. The majority of social media companies are U.S. companies. But online misuse has global consequences. It's time that social media companies like Twitter take responsibility for the global implications of their platform and their lack of action.    I would respectfully ask that my full remarks be included in the record. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Ranking Member Lynch.    Mr. Wallace. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's obviously the question of the moment in my opinion regarding many of the social media companies, particularly Twitter. There's this notion, and perhaps it's hubris, that we have a right to social media in the Constitution, that we have a right to tweet in the Constitution. Last time I checked my Constitution, there's no reference to Twitter. It's a reference to free speech.    And for history, throughout our history, we have thoughtfully debated the appropriate limitations on what is legitimate speech and what is not legitimate speech. And I hope by this hearing and by my colleagues that we have that debate on the nature of some of these communications. Twitter does not effectively take down accounts quickly enough or search them out quickly enough when it does so in a variety of other areas, whether it's stalking of women or other abuse, like the example that you referenced, child pornography and the like, that's the first problem. They don't effectively take it down when it's up. Even when we report it, it's not taken down quickly.    And the second problem, if I may, is they come back. Congressman Lynch referred to the game of whack-a-mole. I used that in a previous testimony. And I agree that whack-a-mole is apt analogy except for one point. When you bop one in whack-a-mole, it comes back with fewer followers. But look at this example. You have a jihadi tweeting that he is having his 100th account suspended with similar names. That's unacceptable. We have to have a debate. We have to have a discussion at this committee about how we, if Twitter and the likes of Twitter don't find ways of solving this problem themselves, we need to find a way to help them solve that problem.    Mr. Wallace. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As my colleague Ambassador Fernandez said, we took it upon ourselves to create a hashtag to try to report accounts and digitally disrupt, if you will, the misuse of online accounts. So we have created a team of young people, many of whom are behind me today, and in offices in New York and Washington, where we try to report and take down as many accounts as we can, effectively engaging in the game of whack-a-mole. And by creating a dynamic online constituency, we call on those that support our effort to also report accounts. But we need a partner. We need a partner in the likes of Twitter that will respond quickly to our work and hopefully the work of others.    I think Alberto mentioned that we need to have a thousand, he didn't use these words, but a thousand flowers blossom. We should do it in private. The government should do it in public. If we all report these accounts and create a network to take it down, we can be effective. #CEPDigitalDisruption, is our bit in that effort.    Mr. Wallace. Thank you, Congresswoman. Look, I think that the analysis and this debate that you just framed very eloquently, is a debate that we have had in other contexts before. We have, at times in our history, weighed free speech versus a challenge that we think is against the law or a challenge to our society. And there are a whole realm of areas of speech that we have said is wrong and we prohibited it. I think the mere fact that we're having this discussion is advancing the ball. I would just hope that we could invigorate an even bigger discussion about that debate because whatever comes of it will be better than we have now in my opinion.    But look, I think that the analysis for us is relatively simple. If I were to send a hunting knife to ISIS, I think all of you would say Wallace, you're providing material support to ISIS because that hunting knife could be used for dastardly things. And a hunting knife is pretty benign. So, ultimately, it's really a material support analysis. And we feel that if an online propagandist is recruiting, I think material support is seeking financial support, material support, is calling to act on behalf of a terrorist group, that's material support. I think the propaganda sometimes can be a closer call. But I think we should have the debate. I personally believe if you are a Twitter person and putting out boatloads of propaganda on behalf of the specially designated national ISIS, I think that that should be prohibited speech. And I think we should have the debate on that.    And so I think the analysis is already found in our law. It's a question of expanding upon it and ensuring that we implement that in the context of social media.    Mr. Wallace. Thank you, Congressman Lieu. First of all, I think we would be remiss in saying that it's American bombs. The President has done a very capable job, in my opinion, of establishing an Arab coalition that is bombing ISIS. And some of the horrible deaths that we have seen of soldiers in theater have been non-Americans, such as the Jordanian pilot that was shot down and killed. So let's be clear, there are Arab bombs that are going in there as well as American bombs.    Look, on your point, I think there are a lot of lawyers in the room. I suffer that affliction as well. I don't think this is as controversial as you think. We're having a thoughtful discussion about it. We have had this thoughtful debate for years about all sorts of speech. And we have concluded some speech is not acceptable. For example, the Ku Klux Klan, I don't mean to pick on any particular horribly obnoxious group that is entitled to speak freely in the United States, but they get to say I'm a member of the Ku Klux Klan if they want to. That's not what we're talking about here. We have litigated and have an entire body of law that says some speech is legitimate, some is not.    I've offered a framework under the material support area of what speech should not be legitimate and should be prohibited in the context of terrorism. And I think that, for example, just saying look, ISIS, maybe they stand for some good things, I think that that's a much closer call than saying please go out and kill for ISIS, please go out and give money to ISIS, please go out and give your life to ISIS. That should be prohibited speech. That's what is dominating the Internet. That's where there are tens of thousands of accounts. And I think we can thoughtfully have this debate on Capitol Hill. And your opinion is absolutely, even though I disagree with it, a legitimate opinion. And let's have that debate. And let's figure out where we draw the line.    We have done it many times in the course of our law, from stalking women to abuse to screaming fire in a crowded theater, to child pornography. Let's have it in the context of terrorism.    Mr. Wallace. The President in his global summit did identify two areas he was focusing on. We might disagree with the parameters of that, but he focused on training youth around the world to promote tolerance and counterextremist ideology at a young person's level and generation.    Mr. Wallace. You asked a question about what they're doing. I'm not taking sides here, sir. I'm giving you----    Mr. Wallace. I'm saying that's what I understand that the President's agenda is. I'm giving you an answer to your question. I'm not in the administration, sir. I'm retired.    Mr. Wallace. Good to see you, Congressman, and thank you for allowing me to appear before you as well. Look, there was a classic example--I'm sure some of my colleagues remember Mujahideen Miski, who was one of the most influential and prolific online Jihadis. He was a Somali-American, ostensibly tweeting from Somalia, we believe Iraq, ostensibly killed in a drone strike a couple months ago, I think guys? He was incredibly prolific and kept coming back. I don't remember his handle, but it was Mujahideen Miski 1, take him down; Mujahideen Miski 2, take him down. And it would rely on people reporting his reappearance on Twitter. I think that----    Mr. Wallace. Well, only after reporting. I think where Twitter was failing to act is that if he was coming back with a similar handle, it shouldn't have had to go through the fairly elaborate time-consuming reporting process. Twitter should have said, ah, Miski 2 is up; let's make sure he goes down. Miski 3 is up, and take him down. And I think that's one of the issues with Twitter that they are not actively policing in an appropriate manner terrorist content on their site.    Mr. Wallace. We certainly share it with Twitter, and we go through a reporting process with Twitter that is somewhat cumbersome.    One of the things we have called for, I have called for in this testimony and in previous testimony, is that trusted reporting status, which would be an accelerated reporting status, be granted to organizations like ours, the State Department, some of my colleagues on this panel, so that it doesn't fall into the really lengthy queue, if you will, of reporting on Twitter. Twitter has not yet taken that action. We think that's a problem.    Mr. Wallace. I'm intimating that we should have that debate, and I'm glad that you asked the question, and I'm honored to provide the answer.    Mr. Wallace. I've learned over the years never to throw back a question to a Congressman asking you a question, but I'm really tempted to do it here. What about a Kalashnikov? What about a hunting knife? I think that our debate has to say--we have debated in other contexts--maybe a pencil isn't material support, but is a hunting knife, is an AK, is an RPG----    Mr. Wallace. Thank you for your thoughts. I would say that Assad isn't doing the job. That's one thing that we do have to remember. I mean, obviously Syria is an area of incredible turmoil and otherwise, and on top of him not doing the job because of the incredible migration problem, the human suffering, the toll that's taken there, he is the proxy of Iran.    And I think we have somewhat overlooked it. Not to any intention, I don't want to speak for my colleagues, but the State Department and I think all of us still view Iran as the number one state sponsor of terrorism in the world. I think the growth of Iranian hegemony in the region has stoked the sectarian flames. So I think we have a double problem, if you will.    Assad isn't the solution. Whether or not he was before, it's beyond, we don't get a do-over; it's whatever it is now, and I think we can do much better in finding a better solution than Assad and the human suffering that's taking there. And hopefully not continue to empower the Iranian regime, which I think has been regrettably on the march since the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and its proxies in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and now Yemen.    So I think that the concern is Iran and the number of Shia and the destabilizing influence of Iran throughout the region that is stoking sectarian conflict and radicalizing a lot of the Sunnis. Let's remember that the initial rebellion against Assad was actually pretty secular. It was a secular movement against Assad, but that was a missed opportunity.