    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Appreciate the testimony here, and I think, Dr. Humphreys and Dr. McNeal, you kind of hit on some significant areas with risk analysis as we go forward. Especially, I think the two categories that we can really look at this is the unintentional and the intentional.    Unintentional, we can mitigate some of the incidents with that via regulation, legislation, technology, et cetera. But the intentional--it is more difficult because the bad guys are going to be bad guys. They are going to work around that.    I put a lot of thought into this as an aviator, and working in search and rescue and different areas such as that. This is a question to anyone on the panel that has the information: Have there been any efforts or have we classified UAS platforms based on their technology, sophistication, payload capabilities complexity of operation?    Do we have a classification, like we do with civilian aircraft? You know, we have the different classifications--single engine, twin, land, sea-capable, et cetera.    Mr. Loudermilk. The next-gen?    Mr. Loudermilk. General, the classifications, are you going from, you know, what you can buy at the kiosk at the mall, which are the basic indoor--a nuisance more than a threat type system, all the way up to the--those that require a landing strip--you know, take-off and landing?    General Rogerro. Correct. It would go by--it would take things into account such as size, engine capacity, fuel or battery requirements, and their ensuing capability to speeds, et cetera.    Mr. Loudermilk. Payload?    General Rogerro. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. It sounds like there has been a--we are kind of in the same direction.    Looking at the unintentional side, as a private pilot the concern is those that can go, you know, above 500 feet AGL, especially around an airport. We have got plenty of class G airspace in the Nation, which is unrestricted, but yet a lot of private pilots, sport pilots, ultralight pilots operate at low altitudes but still at the slow speeds that we are flying, as compared to our military friends.    Still you are not going to see one of these quads or certain UAVs until after you have impacted it. Looking at this classification--model rocketry ran into this back many years ago and the industry kind of self-regulated itself.    If you are familiar with model rocketry, you can go to a hobby store and buy the little SDs model rocket engines. They are capable of low-altitude flight, but there is a classification that if you get above I think 1,000 feet and then 10,000--they have level one, level two, level three--you actually have to be licensed to purchase the propeller.    Has anybody looked at any type of classification that if a UAV is capable of a certain altitude, or outside-of-line-of-sight operation, then you have to be licensed? I fully think that if you are going to do that you need to at least have a basic ground school. Maybe not a medical, but at least know the area you are operating in.    Is there any movement in that direction?    Mr. Loudermilk. What about technologies such as those that are beyond just the small quads you get at a mall--a requirement of a transponder or a next-gen system to be on those?    Mr. Loudermilk. Chairman thanks the gentleman from Georgia.    The Chairman recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Richmond.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence. I do have a meeting to get to, but this is fascinating. It is of great interest to me and something that my office has been putting a lot of work and thought into.    What percentage of the platforms are manufactured domestically versus internationally? Do we know that?    Anyone?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. One of the reasons I was asking, you know, what level of regulatory constraint that we can put on the technology or, back to the police chief's ideas of how do we bring down these platforms when they are operating nefariously or unintentionally?    Is the technology there? Do we have the influence over the technology that we can--I imagine most of them use some type of R.F. signal to control them--to intercept the R.F. signal, to force a go-home activity, you know, fly back to the source? Is that even a conceivable idea that would be made available to law enforcement?    Mr. Loudermilk. That is a good point. I agree with you there.    I also look at it from a personal privacy standpoint. What if it is hovering over my backyard, you know? What rights to do have to take it down? I have got a 12 gauge that could assist in that pretty readily.    But you can't engage that in a public area.    Chief, you brought up a challenge that you have. You have no right to take down any aircraft. No one in the Nation does, as far as local law enforcement.    But the operator is on the ground somewhere. You do have authority over the operator, correct?    Mr. Loudermilk. Right.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.