    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Chairman Katko. I just want to say I really appreciate you being my wingman on this issue and many issues, letting me join this hearing today. I am also grateful for you inviting Bonnie Allin to testify this morning.    Bonnie is the president and CEO of the Tucson Airport Authority responsible for promoting aviation services and related economic development for southern Arizona, including operations and maintenance of the Tucson International Airport and Ryan Airfield, where she has first-hand experience on the challenges related to TSA staffing.    Bonnie began her career in aviation in 1976 with the Tucson Airport Authority, then moved to Texas, where she worked for Corpus Christi International, ending her tenure as director of aviation. She holds the designation of accredited airport executive and is the past chairman of the International Association of Airport Executives.    I am glad to have Bonnie with us today, and I yield back.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In the roundtable last week and in your testimony today we heard one of the main issues is flexibility for the FSDs, that they can make decisions on the ground, but not just for the FSDs, for the supervisors in spoke airports like Tucson.    Admiral Neffenger was asked this question yesterday, and he said he has given the flexibility to FSDs. I felt like I was listening to parallel universes that were in complete contradiction of each other. He believed that they already have that flexibility. It is unbelievable to me that it would take an act of Congress to actually direct them to provide flexibility. This is just leadership 101.    But he sincerely believes he has given that authority. I specifically asked him yesterday about this and the spoke airports like Tucson, and he said they have all the authority they need. Maybe they are not just getting the message. He just recently removed Kelly Hoggan, who potentially is the barrier to this direction being communicated down to all of you.    But I want to say, we need your immediate feedback. He gave his promise yesterday that he was going to follow up on this and made sure they understood his guidance that they had that flexibility.    Ms. Allin, can you share? You have given some examples. If we had the flexibility with our senior TSA rep on the ground in the last few months, what other instances? Were their hands tied? What would have changed? What have you been able to do there in order to alleviate the problems that we are having?    Ms. McSally. That direction you think came from the District of Columbia or Phoenix? Do you know?    Ms. McSally. Right. Is that still the case? Do they have to do the second line before PreCheck?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Are there any other situations where you saw their hands were tied, that they could have maybe moved, say, BDOs to be checking IDs or something else had they been given more flexibility locally?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thanks.    Ms. Beairsto, you said you appreciated the assistance. There was big media attention to the problems at Chicago and then additional agents and K-9 teams came to the rescue. However, they were pulled from somewhere else.    What we heard from the roundtable last week is the feeling that this sort of squeaky wheel, let's move assets around to whoever is on TV today, allows, I think one of the airport managers said, something along the lines of we all get a turn to be the worst, is that kind of model, which means that you are just going to create a crisis somewhere else.    So I am concerned about that, that this is more like a whack-a-mole scenario as opposed to a strategic model that is going to address all these issues and we are not going to be robbing from medium and small airports in order to address the bigger airports that end up on TV.    Can anyone sort-of provide some perspectives on that and concerns that we shouldn't be reactive, we should be much more strategic on this?    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Cox, yesterday I asked Admiral Neffenger about something that was really troubling that I discovered this week, which is we have instances of at least 250 through April that have been reported where TSA agents have been pulled away from their primary mission, which is the security of air travel and the efficiency and safety of passengers and air travel, to support things like Presidential campaign rallies. We have heard reports of other events, concerts, and sporting events. This is nowhere in their core competency.    So could you please comment on your perspectives on whether, when somebody signs up to be a TSA agent and a TSO, whether they expected to be at a campaign rally or whether they expected to be doing their core mission and how you all feel about that?    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. I agree with you. Look, we need to make sure that large-scale events have safety and security, but there are other ways to do that than to be pulling agents, that its core responsibility is the safety of air travel, in order to do that. So I will be following up on that.    I appreciate the leverage, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McSally. I am on Homeland. I just gave up the Chair of the other subcommittee to move over to another subcommittee.    Ms. McSally. I am here, baby.