    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Pollock, I have to say, this is the first hearing I have been at where the first witness said, as I see it, our primary task here is not to debate the underlying issues of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict or U.S. policy in that regard. I thought the hearing was over, at that point. That is an interesting thought.    And then you go on and you say--and that is exactly what we have been doing, by the way, in my opinion. We are debating those underlying issues and how we got here and how those need to change.    Then you go on and you lay out five proposals. And your fifth and final proposal is that the U.S. should publicly support and very vocally encourage others to endorse what we call mutual imbalance--I thought that was a news station, i didn't know; or that is ``fair and balanced,'' isn't it?--but, if necessary, unilateral steps toward peaceful coexistence.    And then you talk about the Israelis stopping the destruction of--destroying buildings of those who perpetrate such violence on innocent men, women, and children.    And you don't say in your comments--and I followed you fairly closely--you don't say in your comments anything about there being unilateral action, perhaps, on the Palestinian side.    And so is it totally out of--I mean, is it just totally out in left field and unrealistic to say, how about some unilateral action on their side? They stop indoctrinating their children--I will give you four examples. Then I will give you a chance to respond.    Stop indoctrinating their children with the message of hate. Quit calling the Jewish people dogs and apes and animals and then trying to kill them as such. Kick out Hamas. Recognize Israel's right to exist, number three. And, fourth and finally, stop funding the terrorism and those that are in jail.    Is there no call for the Palestinians to have any unilateral responsibility, Dr. Pollock?    Mr. Weber. Well, I am reading your fifth----    Mr. Weber . Point basically says that about Israel. It doesn't say it in this context. So if I missed it, I apologize.    Mr. Weber. Okay. Fair enough.    Do you agree with that, Mr. Wexler, that the Palestinians should be called upon initially to stop the violence from their end?    Mr. Weber. Your agreeing with me or the not agreeing with kick out Hamas?    Mr. Weber. That is the part that troubles me.    Mr. Weber. So this is the lesser of two evils? Is that like the bumper sticker that says, ``Have you hugged your terrorist today?''    Mr. Weber. I mean----    Mr. Weber. So if it is not destroying the buildings whereby the perpetrators live in and people get to understand--if you want the force and you don't have the military weapons, you have to have the public understand, number one, you don't teach hatred; number two, those who perpetrate such acts of violence will be dealt with immediately and in a very decisive fashion. Is that wrong?    Mr. Weber. Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back.