    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My first question will be for Ms. McDonough. On Fitbit, employer benefits are becoming more valuable to employees, and you described--I was going to ask you specifically of a case, but you described a case earlier of someone who said saved $280,000, I think you said, because of Fitbit and the data.    I guess my question is are the insurance companies--you have it for a year, you provide the data and they expect to have lower health cost coverage because people are exercising or taking care of their health more, or is it over a longer period of time, you have to actually show the experience?    The one year they start the program, the next year, people go to the hospital less, therefore, they know it is going to be cheaper, or are they accepting the data and having an expectation of better performance?    Mr. Guthrie. How long did it take to get that $280,000 in savings? Was that over a couple of years, five years?    Mr. Guthrie. That is fantastic. Yeah you're right in the other values there. What kind of roadblocks if an employer wants a Fitbit or a program such as this? What kind of roadblocks are they facing? Do they get discouraged? Or is it . . . Or are they always happy?    I know what they are trying to get to, but are there some problems to get to that point that you have seen?    Mr. Guthrie. For the employer bringing in a program, what kind of roadblocks they may have and they say this is not worth it, or is it worth it. What do they have to fight through?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you very much. Mr. Zern, during an open enrollment period, have you seen employees change coverage from year to year? Do they shop around year to year? What kind of drives them? Is it the network choice, the cost, or they had a pleasant experience with a carrier or an unpleasant experience with a carrier and wanted to just change insurance companies because they did not want to deal?    Mr. Guthrie. Thanks. I am in the manufacturing business or I was, and in human resources involved in here is the health insurance plan, and people just took it and you moved forward.    I understand you have to allow your employees to rate the carrier. Has that changed the insurance companies' behavior by actually having ratings from their customers?    Mr. Guthrie. It is really bringing the customer into the mix.    Mr. Guthrie. That is innovative and appreciated. I have run out of time, so I yield back.