    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Moure-Eraso, you said earlier that you are a first-generation American; is that correct?    Mr. Walker. You said earlier that you are a first-generation American----    Mr. Walker . In your opening statement?    Do you remember the last line of the oath that you took, by chance, the last sentence of the oath?    Mr. Walker. Let me read it for you. It says, ``I will perform work of national importance under civilian direction when required by the law and that I take this obligation freely without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion, so help me God.''    Now, interesting enough, I believe in about 15 weeks, when you're talking of retiring, is going to be your 30th anniversary of being this first-generation American. And I have a question for you.    It seems to me from what I'm hearing that you're just trying to survive another 15 weeks. Is that fair?    Mr. Walker. OK. Well, let me ask you a little bit about that work that you're doing.    Go back to one individual, and I'm going to list seven things, and you tell me if any of these that you disagree are correct--or feel are incorrect.    No. 1, Dr. Rosenberg said, ``The criticism was never accepted.'' Agree or disagree?    Mr. Walker. And that the government inside your leadership was ineffective. Agree or disagree?    Mr. Walker. Said there was a lack of accountability. Agree or disagree?    Mr. Walker. Said there was no priorities for reducing the backlog of investigations. Agree or disagree?    Mr. Walker. She also said choreographed production when you had a press conference. Do you understand that, what she was saying there?    Mr. Walker. Disagree?    And that she would literally have to have meetings--for concerns were being intimidated--she would actually have to have meetings in ladies' rooms. Agree or disagree?    Mr. Walker. OK.    Well, let me just expand the scope out from Dr. Rosenberg a little bit. Multiple individuals inside this agency have portrayed it as a toxic work environment. What do you have to say about that?    Mr. Walker. Do you----    Mr. Walker. In two or three sentences, how would you describe--give me a brief description of your job. What are primarily, in two or three sentences, your function?    Mr. Walker. Uh-huh.    Mr. Walker. On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate yourself in accomplishing that?    Mr. Walker. About an eight.    Mr. Walker. Well, I will tell you here, I've been here 8 weeks, and this is the first committee hearing that I've participated in where there is a bipartisan approach that really drills down to the inefficiency of this particular agency, and it has been under your leadership. How do you account for that?    Mr. Walker. In other words, you are basically telling this committee that your agency has run at premium efficiency level.    Mr. Walker. What would you have liked to have done better? What do you feel like the mistakes were made?    Mr. Walker. So this was resources or the inefficiencies, they were because you didn't have enough resources.    Mr. Walker. OK. With that, I yield back.