    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Chairman Royce, and thank you for your leadership on this issue, and it is so important. I've had the opportunity to visit Guantanamo twice to see the personnel there, the professionalism of our military. And it is the place where terrorists should be.    In my home State of South Carolina, we've learned a lesson. There was one terrorist at the Navy brig in Charleston. He's had a consequence.    He's attracted more terrorists to come to the community and threaten attacks on the facility, putting schools at risk, neighborhoods in the immediate neighborhood at risk. It's utterly absurd the thought of bringing them to the United States in any way or releasing them, and it is interesting you say Yemen.    You release people to Yemen, which was supposed to be an example of great success by this administration of establishing a stable country and within days of releasing and pardoning terrorists the country collapsed.    And it would be interesting to know, what did happen to the persons who have been released to Yemen previously?    Mr. Wilson. Well, you had previously released before the collapse of the country. But there is a consistency here which is not good and the consistency is we have an administration that has dismissed ISIS as a JV--junior varsity.    These are the same people after the announcement of junior varsity they committed mass murder in Jakarta, in Brussels, in Paris, in Orlando, in San Bernardino. We know the mass murder, this week, in Baghdad and in Kabul.    Over and over again, there's been a dismissal of threats to American families. Additionally, it is incredible too this administration is very consistent by reaching a dangerous Iranian nuclear deal, providing tens of billions of dollars to a state sponsor of terrorism.    Just last week, the funding that has been provided by Iran to Hamas there have been rocket attacks on Sderot in Israel. Again, it is extraordinary to ignore this.    And then we come to pardoning and returning terrorists to go back on the battlefield. This is inconceivable and it is also quite illogical.    As you talk about a recruiting tool, a recruiting tool is releasing people--not being serious about detaining people who have every intent to kill American families.    And it is really interesting to me that they don't use the argument that it is a deterrent or it is a recruiting tool to have prisons within the United States. Of course, it is a deterrent.    If people know they are going to be incarcerated they are less likely to commit a crime or kill American families. And I am really grateful that even CNN yesterday reported that U.S. officials have said the 44-year-old Abu Wa'el Diyab, a Syrian national, went off the radar several weeks ago in Uruguay where he was resettled in 2014, not prior to 2009.    And so Uruguay's Interior Minister told CNN that Diyab was considered a refugee by the government and as such he would not need permission from Uruguayan authorities to leave the country.    They said he would only need permission from the foreign country he wished to enter per an agreement with U.S. that enabled the release of Gitmo detainees to Uruguay.    And there is a truth from CNN that I hope you look at and will reconsider that you are doing and that is that the disappearance could provide fuel for opponents of efforts to close the detention facility at Guantanamo, especially if Diyab is found to be attempting to join a terrorist group.    Of the 676 detainees released from the detention facility as of January, 118 have returned to the fight. An additional 86 are suspected of returning.    A recidivism rate of nearly one out of three released, according to a recent report from the administration's Office of Director of National Intelligence.    By releasing and pardoning these people, American families are at risk around the world and I just hope that you will reconsider what you're doing.    And then I am really grateful, in the Washington Post, Gordon England, the former Secretary of the Navy--and he's an extraordinary public servant. He is a person of the highest integrity.    He has warned that the process of releasing--the early process did work but that what's being done is that there were 200 detainees when he departed, none have been approved for release. Under the President, more than half have been released.    None of the low-risk, according to vigorous vetting, he has conducted during the Bush administration--statements by the country or the White House are misleading at best. And so I hope you will really reconsider and understand that we are in a global war on terrorism.    This is not an academic exercise of deterrence or incarceration, and I yield my time.