    Dr. Volkow. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and other members of the subcommittee. I want to thank you for organizing and inviting me to participate in this important hearing.    The nonmedical use of prescription pain relievers is a particular public health challenge, for it demands solutions, on the one hand, to prevent their diversion and misuse, while at the same time, it demands so many solutions that will not jeopardize access to these medications for those that need them.    Opiate medications are probably among the most effective painkillers that we have for the management of acute severe pain, and the proper use can actually save lives. They act by activating opioid receptors that are located in the areas of the brain that perceive pain, but there are very high concentration of opioid receptors in brain reward regions, and hence, the problem. Activation of these receptors is what is associated with their addiction potential.    There are also high levels of receptors in areas of the brain that regulate breathing, which is why their use is associated also with a high risk of death from overdose.    We have heard the devastating consequences from the escalation of the abuse of prescription medications in our country, the overdose deaths and transition to injection of heroin and associated infections with HIV and hepatitis C, and increasing numbers that we are seeing for the neonatal abstinence syndrome.    NIDA's role in helping solve this epidemic is to support the research that will help develop solutions to prevent and treat abuse of prescription medications that could be implemented now, while, at the same time, funding research that in the future will provide transformative solutions.    There are already evidence-based practices that have been shown to be effective in the prevention of overdose death that include the use of medications for opioid addiction and the use of naloxone to reverse opioid overdoses.    There are three medications currently available to treat opioid addiction: methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone, which, when used as part of a comprehensive addiction treatment plan, have been shown to facilitate abstinence and reduce overdoses and HIV infections. Also, when coupled to prenatal care in pregnant women addicted to opioids, these medications reduce the risk of obstetrical fetal and neonatal complications. Yet, despite the strong evidence, less than 40 percent of those receiving treatment for opioid addiction get treated with these medications. Toward this end, NIDA is funding research on implementation strategies that facilitate the use of medications for opioid addiction in the healthcare system.    Another key component to decrease the overdose deaths is to expand the use of naloxone, so NIDA has partnered with pharmaceutical companies to develop user-friendly, effective delivery systems for naloxone that will facilitate their use by those that have absolutely no medical training.    In addition, NIDA supports research on the treatment of pain and on the treatment of opioid addiction that will offer new solutions for the treatment of these two disorders. Examples for the management of pain include the development of drug combinations or new formulations with less addiction potential, the development of analgesics that do not rely on the opioid system, and the development of nonmedication interventions, such as the use of transcranial magnetic or electrical brain stimulation for pain management.    Examples of research on the treatment of opioid addiction include the development of slow-release formulations that need only once-a-month or once-every-6-months dosing--which will facilitate compliance and use--and the development of vaccines against heroin, which will prevent the delivery of the drug into the brain, hence, interfering with its rewarding effects and adverse consequences.    Because the epidemic of prescription drug abuse resulted from a lack of knowledge by healthcare providers, the importance of developing curriculum to train both in pain and in substance abuse disorders is another priority which NIDA has developed in partnership with the other institutes and NIH Centers of Excellence.    There were over 24,000 deaths from opioid overdoses in 2013. Twenty-four thousand. This highlights the urgency to address this epidemic. Solutions are already available. The challenge is the implementation. This requires strong integration of efforts, and NIDA will continue to work closely with other Federal agencies, community organizations, and private industries to address this complex challenge.    Dr. Volkow. Yes. And I think that that article, I think, that you're referring to the New England Journal of Medicine article that shows that there's been a very significant, quadruple number of cases of neonatal abstinence syndrome in the intensive care units, and this does reflect the fact that many women are actually being prescribed opioid medications during the pregnancy itself. And, actually, based on another study, it was estimated that 21 percent of women that are pregnant are going to receive an opioid medication, which, again, highlights the need to enforce better that the guidelines on the management of pain need to be enforced in better ways. And this is also recognized by studies that have actually evaluated the extent to which physicians are following guidelines by the main medical organizations as it relates to the management of pain. So that is an area where there needs to be an aggressive increase in the education and enforcement of guidelines.    Dr. Volkow. What the research has shown--and it has shown it not just for methadone and buprenorphine, but a more recent medication, naltrexone--is that these medications when used as part of a comprehensive program for the treatment of opioid addiction are quite effective, and they significantly improve the outcomes of individuals being able to stay, on the one hand, abstinent from the drug or to decrease the likelihood of relapsing, but it also protects them against the adverse outcomes, such as overdoses.    Dr. Volkow. Well, one of the problems has been--and it's a complex problem and there are many reasons why they're not getting the correct treatment, including the fact of adequate education as it relates to the proper screening and management of substance abuse disorder, including the healthcare system. Then you have a whole infrastructure that has developed because addiction is stigmatized, so, therefore, the likelihood of people accessing that medical care is much lower. And then, of course, there is a difference between States in the way that they implement the treatment. So all of these factors account for the current situation.    Dr. Volkow. The research has shown that in general, fast detoxification of patients is associated with increased mortality, like what you just mentioned. And this reflects the fact that addiction is a chronic disease and the changes that occur in the brain persist months, years after you've stopped taking the drug.    So what they do in this fast detoxification is just remove the physical dependence and assume that the addiction is cured, and these are two independent processes, and as a result of that, the patient feels that they are safe and then they relapse because they are still addicted----    Dr. Volkow. Yes, I agree very much. And at the same time, we are developing alternatives that may be more amenable for the criminal justice system, like prison or jail, like the naltrexone antagonist, so there is no reason why they should not get access to medication.    Dr. Volkow. There are both. Actually, what had happened is we have to recognize that there's another epidemic, of chronic pain in our country, estimated at 100 million people, according to the Institute of Medicine. As a result of the pressure of needing to address this problem, the joint accreditation require that hospitals and physicians in hospitals ask questions about pain and treat them. This was in 2000. And the problem was that that was not associated with the education required in order to be able to properly screen pain, but also to manage it, and to manage it and use opioid medications adequately. So there was a big gap between the need to implement better treatment for pain, but an inadequate education of that system, so that is a major problem.    I think that in terms of prevention, we have to recognize two aspects of this epidemic that are different from the others. One of them, we do have individuals that start diverting and they get the medications because they want to get high, but then there's the other element that is as important, of individuals that are properly prescribed the medication because they have pain. And in the past, it was believed that if you got an opioid and you had pain, you would never become addicted. Now the data shows us that that's not correct. We don't exactly know what percentage of individuals that will be treated for their pain will become addicted. The range goes enormously from none to something like 40/60, so we have no real idea. And that's why I highlighted the notion of, we need to be very aggressive in the education of healthcare providers on the screening and management of pain, but also be very aggressive on the education of healthcare providers for the recognition of substance abuse disorder so that they can determine who's vulnerable, and when a person that's properly being treated is transitioning, and how to intervene.    Dr. Volkow. Yes. Thanks for the question.    And this is an area that is rapidly evolving. And if it's not mentioned, it's because many of the findings are way too recent. And the one that you're commenting on in terms of stimulation is one of the strategies in which we're also promoting research. And the same strategy can be utilized to be able to actually inhibit the emotional centers of the brain that react to pain.    So researchers are utilizing a wide variety of tools and technologies that have evolved as part of our initiative to understand the brain. That, again, highlights--but it brings up something that, I think, is facing us in this epidemic: the need that we have to develop better strategies for the management of chronic pain, because the physicians are forced--patients in great suffering, they don't know what to do, and they give an opioid even though the evidence does not really show us they are very effective for the management of chronic pain. But there are not many out there.    So recognizing that this is an area where we are required to invest resources for having alternatives for patients suffering from chronic pain is an extremely important part of an initiative of addressing the opioid epidemic.    Dr. Volkow. Well, this is a new technology, some of them. Actually, the evidence is just emerging. It will have to be submitted to the FDA for approval. And then physicians, as part of their training, should be exposed to them. And I would say--I am just highlighting in the notion because Michael Botticelli very clearly delineated, I also think it's important that medical students, as part of their basic training, have an understanding of these technologies because pain is part of every medical condition, almost of every medical condition.    Dr. Volkow. There is something that we're doing very differently. And, actually, you picked up exactly on the point. If you look at the United States, for some of the medications we may be consuming 95 percent of the total production in the world.    So the question is, Are we a Nation that is so much in pain that we require these massive amounts of opiate medications? Or is there something that we are doing in terms of their access to them that is inadequate?    And I want, again, to reiterate the notion that, yes, we are overprescribing opiate medications, on the one hand. But, at the same time, which is not exclusionary, sometimes we are undertreating patients with pain. So we are in a situation that we have it bad in both ways. Overprescribing, making these drugs available, which then can be easily diverted, and prescribing them to those that don't need them can also result in adverse consequences. You don't see that level of prescriptions in any of the European countries.    Dr. Volkow. And that's exactly the way that I say we have to aggressively institute the education of the healthcare providers on the proper screening and management of pain--that's a crucial component--while also educating them about the adverse effects as it relates to substance abuse disorders.    And we need to face the fact that we need to also provide alternative treatments for the management of chronic pain that are effective.    Dr. Volkow. Yes.    Dr. Volkow. I mean, we got caught by surprise with the Indiana epidemic of HIV, and I heard Tom Frieden say this is the fastest growing incidence of HIV cases that we've had since HIV entered the United States.    But there's been an extraordinary advance on HIV that has emerged really over the past 2 or 3 years, which is that if you initiate someone on antiretroviral therapy, not only are you going to be improving their outcome, but you are actually going to dramatically decrease their infectivity.    So, in looking forward--one of the things I would have suggested to do is once you start to see a case, you immediately treat them with antiretroviral therapy. They'll do better, and their infectivity will dramatically decrease. So this is another aspect, which actually relates to the issue of giving good infectious disease care to these individuals jointly with the interventions for substance abuse treatment.