    Mr.  Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I, too, would like to thank you and the ranking member for your leadership on this committee.    Over the last few months, this task force has explored an array of topics and received in-depth testimony from witnesses throughout the government and the private sector that has helped members of this task force better understand the challenges we face in dealing with terrorism financing. These challenges are real for me personally--sometimes hit too close to home--because I am a car dealer. Now, I want to start by discussing the topic of money laundering with the witnesses today. We talked a lot about that today, especially the laundering that exists here in the United States. From some of your previous testimony and also earlier when we had other folks here, we heard about legitimate businesses knowingly or unknowingly supporting terrorist organizations who launder money right here in our own backyard.    My first question to you, Ms. Rosenberg, is, in your view, what are the key terrorist financing money laundering threats facing the U.S. international financial systems to date? You have talked a little bit about that. Could you repeat it?    Mr.  Williams. ``Sharing'' is a big word here, isn't it?    Now, also, the private sector has a role in this in working in conjunction with the Federal authorities to stop some of the money laundering schemes from existing. I bring this up because there are legitimate businesses trying to sell a product. For example, we have heard testimony about terrorist groups in the United States using the car market to launder hundreds of millions of dollars. We even heard a figure of a billion dollars going back and forth. As I said, I am a small business owner. I am a car dealer. And when I heard this, it amazed me. And I know how this works, but, Mr. Modell, what would you--could you focus a little bit on this relationship with the car industry and all this money going back and forth and what you think we need to focus on and who we need to talk to?    Mr.  Williams. We need to talk to the auctions, don't we? And we also need to find a track to the banks. Because I know how people buy cars through an auction.    Mr.  Williams. And it is a legitimate concern and one you would agree we need to address further, another reason I hope we continue our task force because this is something that really concerns me.    One more: According to assessments, some $300 million worth of criminal proceeds are laundered through the U.S. financial system each year, probably more, I think we would agree. How significant is this number relative to the amount of such funds laundered worldwide? Dr. Shelley?    Mr.  Williams. We will visit some more. Thank you for your testimony.    I yield back.