    Mr. Rohrabacher. I call to order this hearing of the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats. Today's topic is progress and challenges in the Western Balkans.    After the ranking member and I each take 5 minutes to make opening remarks, each other member, if they so choose, will have the opportunity for making an opening statement as well. We will then proceed with our first panel of witnesses and without objection, all members will have 5 days to submit their statements or questions or extraneous material for the record. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    It has been almost exactly 2 years since the last time the subcommittee held a hearing on this region. I am pleased to again be returning to this important topic and to be able to hear from such informed witnesses. We all know the tragic history of the breakup of Yugoslavia during the 1990s. Yet, it is remarkable that today, every country in the region, including Serbia, is in some way seeking greater integration with European institutions. I congratulate Croatia, for example, which is perhaps the foremost example of this on their successful accession into the European Union in 2013. And while the region has witnessed some major steps forward over the last two decades including the independence of Kosovo, the pace of progress appears to have slowed and perhaps even regressed in certain cases.    Later this year, we will celebrate the 20-year anniversary of the Dayton Peace Accords which ended the Bosnian War. Reaching that agreement was an admirable diplomatic accomplishment. Yet, the political framework that ended the fighting has proven structurally unable to build a state which governs effectively or meets the expectations of its people.    I noted that over the weekend, the leader of the Republic of Srpska called for a referendum to determine if the Serb enclave in Bosnia should break away unless it is granted further autonomy. Clearly, the current arrangement in Bosnia is not working. In Macedonia, the exposure of a massive internal surveillance scheme has rocked that small nation, highlighting the immense challenges of building a state which respects the rule of law and the rule of law both inside the government and the rule of law outside the government.    Next door, EU brokered peace talks between Serbia and Kosovo just a few years ago, resulting in an agreement entitled ``Principles of Governing the Normalization of Relations.'' While we are all happy that a solution was reached between these two sides, there remains ample reason for concern. I remain doubtful about the prospect of integrating Serbs, for example, who live in the northern part of Kosovo and I am somewhat doubtful about them integrating into the rest of the country. If the Serb community in the northern part of Kosovo which is to be governed by Belgrade, we should acknowledge their right to determine for themselves what country they will live in and make their own self-determination. This is the same principle, I might add, that led us to support the Albanian Kosovars in their desire for self-determination two decades ago.    In closing, the Western Balkans collectively have been aided by deployment of at least three separate NATO missions which included a significant contingent of U.S. military personnel who I visited over the years. Billions of dollars have been spent by the European Union and our own Government to support economic development, reduce ethnic tensions, and build modern states. Between 1990 and 2012, USAID spent over $1.7 billion aid dollars to help the Western Balkans. And what has that huge sum of money accomplished over the years? What about the diplomatic accomplishments, what have they achieved or what are their efforts anyway? And has outside engagement reached an effective limit there in that part of the world? And to get answers for some of those questions and others, we will hear from our witnesses today.    Panel 1, first of all--Mr. Sires, would you like to have an opening statement? And then I will introduce the witnesses.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right, we will proceed. And when Congressman Meeks arrives, he will be free to have his opening statement as well.    Our witnesses for Panel 1 are Deputy Assistant Secretary Hoyt Yee who is appointed to his current position in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs in September 2013. He is a career foreign service officer and previously stationed in Montenegro, in Greece, and most recently, as the DCM in Croatia. So he obviously knows the region.    Susan Fritz is the Acting Assistant Administrator for USAID in Europe and Eurasia Bureau. She is a 25-year veteran of USAID and has significant experience in the region as well. She served as the Mission Director in Serbia and the Deputy Mission Director for Kosovo. So with that said, I will introduce the second panel when you are done. If you could proceed with 5 minute opening statements. The rest of your statement will be made part of the record and then we will proceed.    Mr. Yee.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. We have been joined by Mr. Meeks and with your permission, Mr. Meeks, I will have Ms. Fritz' testimony and then you will be able to give your opening statement, etcetera.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have had two very optimistic pieces of testimony here.    Mr. Meeks, would you like to have an opening statement? And then you may also proceed with any questions that you have for the witnesses.    Mr. Rohrabacher. If you would like to go straight to questions, we will let you go first.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you, Mr. Meeks. So you just mentioned energy efficiency. Is the level of energy production increased in these last 20 years in that region?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know about efficiency, but you don't know if there is more energy available for the region?    Mr. Rohrabacher. The economies are growing in the region?    Mr. Rohrabacher. What is the growth rate for these countries?    Mr. Rohrabacher. No, but I mean do you have a growth rate like they have grown at an average of 2 percent a year, 3 percent a year or something like that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. 10 percent since 1990, so that is \1/2\ percent per year, is that what you are talking about?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So that is not really good growth at all, is it? That, in fact, would be considered pretty much stagnation, wouldn't it?    Mr. Rohrabacher. In fact, it is just the opposite, is it not, when someone is coming out of a conflict that is when they have the highest rate of growth as compared to later on once their economy has been solidified? I think your calculus is wrong there.    Let me ask you this about--so it doesn't appear that there has been much economic progress because everybody seems to be looking about being in the EU and that is going to be the big solution and we know Croatia has at least become part of the     What is it that they have to do? What are some of the requirements for all these other countries that the EU is making demands that they do this, this, and this? Could you give me three of the demands that are being made of these struggling countries?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So before they can become part of the EU, demands that are being made are that they have to set up a system that is approved by the EU in terms of their tax collection would you say?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So it has been 20 years and you are just talking about structural changes that what you are suggesting now are sort of what could be made by democratic government. They could say we are going to collect our taxes in a different way, etcetera. So what is the hold up?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Making progress means nothing then unless they are part of the EU. I mean I hear this making progress, I mean I managed to get up and get out of bed today. It seems to me what we have is a total stagnation for 20 years in the largest part of what was a conflict situation.    And Ms. Fritz, I am sorry, that after wars is when economies grow at their fastest rate actually. And it is when you are rebuilding your economy that you have growth. That is by definition, but we haven't had that growth. And it seems to me what we are doing today is we are not celebrating the Dayton Accords. We are marking the fact that they happened 20 years ago.    And it didn't sound like, to me, that you were telling me that we are actually making progress toward taking care of parts into the corruption issue. So the corruption issue is one of the issues keeping these countries out of the EU. Is that correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. We can keep talking about Croatia, but let us talk about, for example, Serbia. Would you say that they continue to have high level corruption problems in Serbia?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I think the question was about corruption.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So give me a reading there for Serbia, the Serbian Government in terms of their effort to eliminate corruption. Sounds like you are giving them an A, but when I am listening, I am trying to figure out if that is an A or----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Is there any indication that there are politically-motivated persecutions going on and prosecutions going on in Serbia today?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Prosecutions, yes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You are not aware of any politically-motivated prosecutions, all right.    Let me just, well, we will go through a second round, but Mr. Sires, you may proceed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We will have a short second round. Mr. Meeks, go right ahead.    Mr. Rohrabacher. There has been a vote called, and so I will have a couple of minutes for my second round of questions and then we will be in recess until the end of the next vote that we have or whatever that vote is.    Let me ask, I guess we are opposing, Mr. Yee, the Serbian request for a referendum that they might become, leave their part of the government with Bosnia, is that right? And we are opposing that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Got it. Well, let me note that it doesn't seem to me we backed the Kosovars right, so determination. And the Serbs certainly didn't like that. And now when you have some Serbs who don't want to--who want their right of self-determination, we just seem to have a double standard. And I think that double standard is quite demonstrable over these last 20 years.    Now what we have is then from what I am getting, I keep hearing the word progress, but it seems to me that what we have got is stagnation and when you have 1\1/2\ or just \1/2\ percentage economic growth a year over a 20-year period what you have are people living in desperation because that growth generally would not impact on some of the people who are struggling there to earn a living and live decent lives. But instead, quite often that type of growth pattern services an elite and or is syphoned off into the government in some way.    So I am from the--I know we can use the word progress over and over again. I don't get that from your testimony. I will just have to say that right off the bat and I think if things are not acceptable, if the status quo is not acceptable, it is only giving us this very low growth rate. And I might add people who are on hold to get into the EU for all of these years, it seems that some decisions need to be made to change the situation, not simply to stay on hold until accession into the EU will solve all of these problems.    This hearing is now in recess and the next panel will come up as soon as we get back with this vote. Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher. This hearing will come to order. I wonder if someone could close that door.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. For our next panel we have Ivan Vejvoda, senior vice president of programs, German Marshall Fund here in Washington, DC, from 2010 to 2013, he was the executive director of the Balkan Trust for Democracy Program. And before that, he was the advisor to the Serbian Government and a long-time advocate for democracy in the region.    Next we have Joseph DioGuardi.    Mr. Rohrabacher. A former Member of Congress, and a prominent Albanian-American leader. He worked to focus the attention of the American Government on the Balkans. He is responsible for helping to bring about the first congressional hearing on Kosovo that we ever had. That goes all the way back to 1987 and today he is president of the Albanian American Civic League and is very active in the region. So we are very pleased to have both of you with us today. I would ask you to take 5 minutes and then we will go into questions from there. First, Mr. Vejvoda.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you. Joe, you are on.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You have 60 seconds. We are way over already.    Mr. Rohrabacher. It will be submitted and put into the record without objection.    Mr. Rohrabacher. The article will be put into the record at this point without objection.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Joe, thank you for your time.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will proceed with some questions and then Mr. Meeks will follow and the second swing, we will do that as well.    Let me ask our friend from the German Marshal Fund, has the debt like for these Balkan countries in the last--we have 20 years. Okay, we have got 20 years since the Dayton Accords. We know that they are--and I know you believe that this is just a global trend in terms of an economy that was not producing a great deal of growth. We noticed that there was a World Bank loan of $150 million. How much debt are these countries in now? And what does that mean in terms of their economic viability and in terms of being able to function while paying the interest on the debt?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So we are asking for structural reform while burdening them with $2 billion of debt?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Are we bailing out owners of these companies?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I know. So it is just a state-owned company and there is no business class of people who are receiving the loan?    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have Greece as a next door neighbor, as an example, and they are a member of EU and NATO. And then we have all of these other Balkan countries who have been waiting 20 years thinking that NATO and EU would be their economic, give them economic deliverance. By the way, when you say this $2 billion loan, who is that repaid to? Who actually gets the money at the end?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Is there actually any private banks that end up being paid for by this? Or is this all a government?    Mr. Rohrabacher. This debt isn't, we are not putting these people in debt to some big German bank some place?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You know, I am not sure that people can borrow their way into prosperity. And I know that we are saying that getting these loans are predicated on the reforms necessary for closing up unprofitable operations, that it would be better to having the money spent on things that actually are self-sustaining. I understand that is a good point. But it does seem that all the time when people are talking about all the progress that has been made, all we hear about is Croatia and for the rest of these countries, we are talking about fairly large unemployment. Certainly, of course, right next door we have Greece that is a member of the EU and is a member of NATO and they seem to be having big problems as well.    Are you--let me just get this, are you optimistic that these things are going to be overcome? We have had 20 years now and I am sorry, I don't buy our own Government's analysis of this is a progress line. I know that you wanted to suggest that you thought there was progress as well.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Outside of Croatia, is this figure correct that 60 percent of youth, young people, are unemployed?    Mr. Rohrabacher. In Bosnia. Sixty percent? Do you think that might lead to perhaps when we have ethnic differences and especially when you have people, for example, is there any evidence, for example, that you have that perhaps some of the unemployed youth of this region who are Muslims might be engaged in being recruited to participate in radical Islamic terrorism?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So you don't really take these charges of corruption and ballot stuffing and----    Mr. Rohrabacher. So if we are only going to focus on the political progress, because the economic progress has been so low, we end up having to close our eyes to the other things?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I would have to suggest that if the economic situation does not improve and it continues to be more like Greece than like other countries in the world, I predict that the democratic institutions you are talking about will come under even greater pressure and we have to understand that if young people can't find jobs, do end up getting recruited, and if they see that their own Government has certain levels of corruptions, it tends to destabilize the whole country.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I think you are right and----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Only if they are chronically unemployed and they have no hope in their life. I would certainly agree with your assessment that when people have been through the kind of war, and we have a situation now maybe I should ask you about it. There is a group, there were actually three brothers that were murdered by the Serbians and we were told that there would be some kind of action taken to bring justice to that case. Is there justice being brought to that case, for example?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Has that been dealt with?    Mr. Rohrabacher. The prosecutor is working full steam and how long has it been?    Mr. Rohrabacher. If that is full steam, I wonder what slow pace, if that is full steam. They are not working full steam on it. And there is a lot of things that need to be done full steam and they are not doing it.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right. Well, let me put it this way. I think that we have to--we are marking the 20th anniversary. I think if progress continues at the rate that it has been within the next 20 years, you are going to see a disintegration rather than anywhere--anybody could be optimistic about it. Because the political reform--it is not reform, it is political realization of people don't want to kill each other. That will dissipate with time if you have people who are living hopeless lives in these various countries.    And I do not--look, if the EU will loan them, I guess it is not the EU loaning $2 billion, but sitting right next to the EU and the EU has all of these hoops that these countries have got to jump through before they can benefit like the rest of the Europeans and they have been waiting for 20 years and they are still not in the EU. I mean Croatia is the one country that has made it. None of this gives me reason for optimism or especially to use the word progress.    Mr. Meeks, you may go right ahead.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Is there vodka in the glass?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will give both of you a chance to give me a 2-minute closing statement.    Mr. Rohrabacher. But only two. Two minutes, Joe.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Joe.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Meeks, we are planning to visit the region?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. There you go.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I promised both of you the last minute and so we are going to give you an extra 30 seconds to answer that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I would like to thank both of you and all of the witnesses today. I have some unconventional ideas of my own as people know, but I generally believe in self-determination and democratic government and respecting the rights of other people. And I find that there has been great double standards when people--our friends in Europe, I think World War II created a basic yearning for stability and that yearning for stability sometimes creates pressures that actually lead to problems, more problems than if people were a little bit freer and at least I would suggest less structured. And within the EU, I don't see the EU structure and NATO as being the wherewithal, but these other nations have been told it is. I mean, we will see.    I frankly see the EU as also having a lot of problems with economic elites that manipulate the rules of the game for their own benefit, sometimes, and other times for the benefit of their country. But whatever it is, we need to make sure that there are evil forces in the world beyond what we are talking about and there are evil forces. We do have an upsurge in radical Islam that could be to our civilization what the expansion of a fanatic Islam was a thousand years ago. And that would be a new threat to both western civilization.    I will have to say that if el-Sisi, for example, falls in Egypt, my guess is that Qatar, Kuwait, all of those countries will fall and you will a radical Islamic penetration into Central Asia and then with North Africa. That is what we are talking about, a great, historical change in the reality that we face today. And I think how are we going to thwart that? One way is to make sure that those Muslims who are in Europe, the Albanian people in particular, are treated fairly and their children don't find a hopelessness when they look to the future. And Joe's statistics of 60 percent unemployment in some of these areas and 90 percent in some areas, that will lead to problems, major problems and it has been 20 years. We cannot mark another 20 years and with that said I am very grateful to you, Joe, thank you, and thank to all of our witnesses. I think this hearing has been worthwhile----    Mr. Rohrabacher . In starting a discussion and we will finish that discussion and I will find out personally whether or not that glass in Belgrade is half full or half empty. And if it is half full, I will test it. Thank you all very much. This hearing is adjourned.