    Mr. Scott. Well, thank you very much.    Mr. Cordray, certainly we want to welcome you back and it is good to see you. I have appreciated working with you on a number of issues that we brought to your attention and you responded to.    I also want to take this opportunity to call your attention to a letter that I have sent to you, or which is in the process of getting to you. I don't know whether or not you have received it. But it involves one of my constituent companies in Georgia, the TSYS Company, that works with consumer debit and credit card procedures.    And we wanted to express our concerns about a particular rulemaking on that. My hope is that once you get that letter--and I did put a recommendation in the letter for how we might be able to solve the problem that my constituent is facing.    The company is located and headquartered in Columbus, Georgia. It is the TSYS Company. I think you have had some correspondence with them.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Cordray, I have a real concern regarding the Bureau's December 23, 2014, proposed rulemaking for prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act Regulation E and the Truth in Lending Act Regulation Z.    My specific concern involves the proposed changes required for overdraft features associated with the general purpose reloadable GPR cards. In particular, defining GPR cards that offer draft features as credit cards subject to the requirement of Regulation Z is concerning to me.    So what I want to request is that the Bureau consider as it reviews comments adjusting this to allow an optional opt-in approach consistent with the requirements currently in place for similar overdraft products regulated under Regulation E. Is that possible?    Mr. Scott. I just want you to understand how important this is to me. I represent Georgia. NetSpend Inc. is a leading provider of GPR cards groups. And it is a subsidiary of Total System Services, a corporation that is located in my State of Georgia, so quite naturally I am very concerned about that.    I have taken the liberty of writing you a letter concerning this. I also wrote one along with my colleague, Congressman Gregory Meeks, concerning the same issue a while back.    The impact that this is having is very negative for our industry. NetSpend, for example, currently offers an optional opt-in overdraft feature for eligible cardholders that includes a number of consumer safeguards that should be there.    Customers must opt-in and meet direct deposit requirements. Customers must provide an email address or text number for real-time notifications about overdraft. Customers pay no fee when they repay, moreover NetSpend's overdraft fee is well below the average bank overdraft fee.    Consumers are able to use NetSpend's overdraft features to meet short-term liquidity needs such as purchasing extra groceries and in emergency situations, handling medical emergencies, and covering unexpected car repairs.    The proposed rules, however, make it impractical for my consumers and for NetSpend to continue to offer this feature. Not only may this limit NetSpend's ability to compete with similar financial products in the marketplace but it may most notably also harm consumers who benefit most from this short-term liquidity.    And so, I wanted to use this example, so that you could see the seriousness of this and I appreciate your addressing my constituents' concern.    Mr. Scott. Thank you very much, Director. I appreciate that. And keep me informed, please. Thank you.