    Ms. Baker. Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today. As the Director of FAA's Aircraft Certification Service, I am responsible for the oversight of design, production, and continued operational safety of aircraft, engines, propellers, and articles. Overseeing the safety of the world's largest fleet of aircraft while simultaneously certifying innovative new products and technology is a challenge, but one that we recognize as critical to ensuring U.S. economic growth. As such, we continuously strive to improve the process.    The globalization of aviation, advances in technology, a high velocity of change, and heightened expectations from our stakeholders are all external forces driving us to reexamine how we conduct business. Since the 1920s, the FAA has relied on delegation to safely leverage the Government workforce. We apply safety management principles and use risk-based decisionmaking to leverage delegation and international partnerships and focus limited FAA resources. Today, we delegate 90 percent of certification activity. We are working to streamline the remainder.    My written statement includes an update on FAA's implementation of initiatives responsive to section 312 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. During implementation, it became clear that not all of industry's concerns can be addressed through national policy changes. Therefore, today, I would like to focus on how we are addressing certification reform at the local, national, and international level.    At the local level, we are reinvigorating concepts from the Certification Process Improvement Guide. This guide was developed in collaboration with industry over 10 years ago to improve cooperation and communication. Each company worked with their local office to define operating norms, develop an issue resolution process, and identify individual certification priorities.    Utilizing the same philosophy, the FAA will work with individual companies to establish short- and long-term goals to help them reach their vision of full utilization of the Organization Designation Authorization, or ODA. The FAA has also created an ODA scorecard to collect qualitative and quantitative data related to safety, FAA involvement, and ODA-holder compliance. On a local level, the scorecard will support constructive dialogue between the FAA management and ODA holders about compliance, timeliness, and performance improvements that may be needed.    At the national level, the roll up of the scorecard metrics will allow us to monitor the effectiveness and efficiency of all ODAs, help differentiate between national and local issues, and point to areas where policy improvements are necessary. Globally, the FAA has been the leading model for safety and efficiency around the world. Yet the aviation industry is made up of an international web of networks and complex business arrangements that are challenging our traditional regulatory model.    We are working with our global partners to leverage our bilateral agreements to facilitate the needs of industry. In 2013, we formed a Certification Management Team between the FAA, the European Aviation Safety Agency, and the authorities of Canada and Brazil. This team discusses means to standardize and streamline certification of aviation products by reducing duplicative processes.    I know the committee is also interested in the progress the FAA has made in response to section 312 of the act, which focused on the consistency and standardization of the regulatory interpretation. While the implementation plan for section 313 was formally posted on the FAA Web site yesterday, we have already taken steps to implement the recommendations. In fact, we have closed two of the six initiatives and the plan was supported by industry.    The highest priority initiative is to develop a single master source for guidance organized by regulations. We are making progress and reviewing our existing databases to ensure the information is up to date. A challenge we face is that Enterprise Architecture Assessment identified 21 separate FAA document repositories.    Last week, I participated in a demonstration of the proof of concept for the tool that will link the documents from multiple sources. This week, it will be presented to the Associate Administrator for Aviation Safety for approval of funding to proceed to field beta testing. I was impressed with the system's capability. It will link regulatory material not only by regulation, as requested by industry, but also by concept, in case the user doesn't know the regulatory citation.    In conclusion, the FAA has made progress on sections 312 and 313 of the act. We are conscious of the fact that certification reform is essential for economic growth of the United States, and we are working continuously to improve. The FAA is tracking the progress of implementing the initiatives, the performance outcomes, and the global return on investment for the FAA and industry.    The FAA will continue efforts to develop meaningful metrics that promote open, constructive dialogue, facilitate positive change, and hold industry accountable to compliance with the regulations and FAA accountable to increasing efficiency of certification.    Mr. Chairman, I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Baker. The 10 that are completed have been completely finished and implemented. There are some caveats where we have had some follow-on criteria to assure that it is working properly, but the actual things, like the prioritization process, has been fully implemented.    Ms. Baker. Yes.    Ms. Baker. Yes, we are continuing to work with industry to assure that we have a way to measure the effectiveness of what we put in place. We first started with phase 1 metrics, where measurements get put into place. Some of the information that we have had from an anecdotal standpoint was to get feedback on our approach. We had a 23-point plan to increase the ODA efficiency, and we met with industry to determine whether or not they felt that the changes that we had made were taking hold. The response that we got back was positive to neutral on what had occurred after the implementation.    On the project prioritization process, we no longer have a queue, so we have zero wait time for the projects, so we measure that as a success.    Ms. Baker. I am going to skirt that a little. I think----    Ms. Baker. If we are successful, by June. We are trying to get an agreement with them to make significant reductions in their charges.    Ms. Baker. We do. We meet with them at least once a year, but, recently, we have been meeting with them quite a bit because we are conducting a shadow program of their ARJ21 program right now. When we are aware of where they have overstepped their bounds, we have intervened.    Recently, there was a situation where they were asking for much more information on the Robinson helicopter than they should be requiring just to operate the helicopter in their country. We intervened. We told them we did not feel that it was appropriate and in the spirit of our bilateral relationship, and they changed their process. And so we will then work with them----    Ms. Baker. We use a systems approach to oversight which, I think, has shown to be very, very successful in the manufacturing of aircraft. We have done that for many, many years. We rely on a system, and then our people will intervene and do spot checks. If they find problems, then they will dig deeper and take the necessary action, whether it was a fine or just a corrective action to change the procedure so that they align with what the manufacturer is actually doing. We are evolving to that with engineering.    As Ray testified, Boeing has a lot of engineers. They are very confident at what they do. We just need to assure that they are very versed in compliance with the regulations.    Ms. Baker. Well, first, you have to start with the premise that everyone is aiming for a safe product. Once you have passed that, then you look at the individuals within the company. If they feel unduly pressured, they can come directly to the FAA and ask that we retain an item and intervene. We also require----    Ms. Baker. He could if he went through the program for a whistleblower. When they come talk to us, it is usually not at that level. It is either a misunderstanding or something that we can work out. The other thing I wanted to note is in order to be an ODA, you have to assure that there is separation in the company and the person who is in charge of the ODA has high enough ranking within the company that they aren't unduly influenced----    Ms. Baker. We have closed out two items. One was what they were envisioning would be a regulatory oversight body that was 24/7 that you could go to, kind of like an op center. We decided to replace that with the Regulatory Consistency Communications Board, which then would vet the issues. So the 24/7 kind of op center was set aside.    And then we also have put forward means to train our employees.    Ms. Baker. It is in process, so there are a number of things--just let me go back to what the main priority is. It is that big database in the sky that I talked about in my oral testimony. We have that proof of concept, but we have to do the beta testing, and then it will take probably another couple years before it would be implemented. And that is really the long----    Ms. Baker. Yes.    Ms. Baker. We work very closely together. My office is right next to the Director of Flight Standards, and in the field, they work very cooperatively together. We have a group, called the Aircraft Evaluation Group, that is almost a part of my organization, providing the liaison between the two organizations.    Ms. Baker. I don't know off the top of my head.    Ms. Baker. Yes.    Ms. Baker. The FAA has extensive use of outside experts. We go to RTCA, ASTM, SAE was useful. We have used MITRE, used a number of outside venues to get the expertise.    I think what Chris was highlighting is that one of the things that we all need to be cognizant of is that sometimes the knowledge is outside of the aviation sector, so we really need to reach out more broadly, and that would be something that we will take into consideration as we move forward.    Ms. Baker. Yes. I talked a little bit about the ODA scorecard in my testimony. Again, we are trying to look at what is going on nationally with all the ODAs, but then look at what is happening locally. We will not only track measures for our effectiveness in our oversight, but their effectiveness in compliance with the regulations, so we are going to be building on that. That will give me confidence that we can move further and further to a systems approach.    In section 312, you probably know that we already have looked into expanding to delegate noise, emissions, and the instructions for continued airworthiness, so I think there are many areas where we can continue to expand very safely.    Ms. Baker. Each ODA is required to put together a manual, and we audit to the manual every 2 years, and then we do spot checks along the way to see if they are truly doing the job as we would if we were in their shoes. I think that it has been effective and will continue to monitor that. We will be watching the results from our inspections of the ODAs and to determine whether or not we are finding an increased number of noncompliances to the regulations versus noncompliances of just following their manual. I think that will help keep a very good level of oversight.    Ms. Baker. There is a lot going on. It is a very high priority of the Administrator to move out on UAS and to do it right. There are the activities with the rule on small UAS. Our aircraft certification office in L.A. actually certified a UAS on a restricted category-type of certificate to operate in the Arctic. We have also been working with the test centers so that they could get designees to issue airworthiness certificates so that that could facilitate them to do more work on our behalf and make them more self-sufficient. So again, I think that there is quite a bit going on.    One of the other things that we are doing in our organization is we put together an advisory circular that would identify the level of rigor that should be applied to the size and complexity of the UAS because, as you know, some could fit in your hand and others could be as large as a 747. So we are trying to establish how you would handle all of those UAS. But it is an interaction with our organization, AVS, aviation safety organizations, which is inspectors and flight standards and our engineers but also with air traffic to ensure that they will blend into the national airspace safely.    Ms. Baker. I don't think we would say we are behind. We are working very carefully to introduce them into our national airspace. Some of the countries that has utilized them have different situations. They are different environments that they are working in. They either have more open space or they have less general aviation population that is working in their airspace.    Ms. Baker. They do.    Ms. Baker. Uh-huh.    Ms. Baker. The actual routing of the aircraft is a different part of the organization that I am not familiar with, but the noise of the aircraft, the actual noise levels are set by the EPA, and we work with companies like Boeing to make improvements.    Ms. Baker. The noise levels are set by the EPA, so what we would do is to assure that we can work with the manufacturers to ensure that the aircraft themselves are meeting the level of----    Ms. Baker. They set the noise regulations, and we are delegated on their behalf.    Ms. Baker. Yes.    Ms. Baker. Go for it.    Ms. Baker. When the engineers are hired by the FAA, they already come to us with an engineering degree, and most of the time with a lot of experience coming from a manufacturer of an aviation product. What Ray Conner----    Ms. Baker. We do do our own training, and when there is new technology, we will send them out to training that is outside of FAA where there is the expertise for us to gain that knowledge from the absolute threshold of experienced people.    What Boeing was talking about was systems engineering. We are currently hiring people with a lot of expertise in fields like structures and avionics. What we are moving towards is a systems engineer, someone who can look at the entire system and judge where they should be making the interventions and how they can improve the system. That is more of a process type of thing versus a specialty engineering.    Ms. Baker. Thank you, Gerald. Yes, it is. It is happening. We have an understanding by all of the engineers, if they are to retain, they need to document why it is that they are retaining. The order that was updated, such that there are categories. Inspectors would identify where they are retaining based on those categories. Again, we talked about the scorecard that we were developing. We just recently got some information back on some major ODA holders, and we found that it is amazing. There is a lot that is being delegated. In one particular case, 85 percent of the work didn't even require a notification letter to the FAA. Of the 15 percent that required the notification letter, only 5 percent was retained. What is happening is FAA keeps getting in the critical path to delivery of the aircraft.    Ms. Baker. It does. So that is why we take what they have identified as where they have retained and why they have retained it, and we will start to delve deeper in at the local level.    Ms. Baker. Overall, we would probably get a C, but there are people who would grade us F and there are people that will grade us A. There are some organizations that are smaller and not having success at getting as much autonomy as they would like, and there are others that are still struggling.    Ms. Baker. Again, I don't know that it is a national solution. I really think that you have got to get down into the documentation that the employees are supposed to make when they retain something. What we found when we just did this recent survey was that there were some areas that were instructions for continued airworthiness. We have got that taken care of, so now the companies just need to ask for that authority. Noise. It is in a beta test that will start to reduce the work that FAA will be involved in. Emissions. We can do that now. They just need to ask for that authority.    There are other areas where rules that were put in place recently and we were retaining them as the company gained experience, but now it is showing up as something that can be done nationally to reduce our involvement and then we will start to pull away where we can.    Ms. Baker. Yes. The part 23 rule is very important to us also. We have done a number of things to push the rule through as quickly as we possibly can. We have a dedicated technical team working on it. We have a headquarters attorney assigned solely to this particular rule. We meet weekly to look at the schedule for all of the rules, but we meet monthly to assure that there aren't any roadblocks to move the part 23 rulemaking forward. We are still working on it in our organization.    Ms. Baker. The official schedule has not yet been published. We have, again, worked as hard as we can to move it as quickly as possible, and we would be happy to keep you updated on the progress of the rule if you would like.    Ms. Baker. There are, again, various activities that are ongoing. If we are looking for an actual certification of it, I think we have got a good AC, and we have already shown that we can certify them in a restricted category and would like to continue to in that vein. But we are also issuing the exemptions, as Gerald mentioned, the section 333 of the last reauthorization to allow people to start to use these in areas where they can mitigate the possible damage to people and property.    So I think that we have ways to accommodate many of the things that you are talking about now and will move on to make sure that we provide more and more opportunities in the future.    Ms. Baker. No, no, the section 333 of the last reauthorization bill.    Ms. Baker. I am not--you might have a better number than I, but we knew we weren't doing a very good job at getting them out the door, and so just last week we pulled a group together and assured that they had everybody that needs to be involved in establishing the mitigations that are necessary to assure that we can do this safely and put them in one room so that we can get these out as quickly as possible. So they are building templates. What happened before was that there were offices that were remote from each other, and just the sheer need to send emails and stuff back and forth was causing delays. So we got everybody in one room, the attorneys, the engineers, the inspectors, everybody at one place so that we could churn up the volume.    I would hope that in a week or two, you will see a lot more coming out of our doors. We have 120-day metric that we want to assure that we beat by quite a bit, and to do that, we have this group of people that are solely focused on just issuing those exemptions.    Ms. Baker. Almost. We probably bring them in pizza.    Ms. Baker. I don't know what the count is now, but we are anticipating hundreds.    Ms. Baker. We have a metric for all exemptions to get them out within 120 days. That is regardless of whether it is on UAS or other things. What we are trying to do is to reduce the amount of time that it takes to get the UAS exemptions out because of the sheer volume.    Again, if we can get templates, people can see what others are granted and make theirs as similar to the request as one that was already granted, it will expedite our ability to get them out.    Ms. Baker. OK.