    Mr. Rokita. Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate your testimony.    Mr. Whitaker, it seems to me that folks in general aviation could work closely with drone operators and owners to help educate and train on these rules that are forthcoming, and different best practices for operations. Have you, as the FAA, reached out to any GA organizations or associations?    Mr. Rokita. That is not my question.    Mr. Rokita. So you think it is a good idea. So will you--you will commit to reach out?    Mr. Rokita. OK. To who?    Mr. Rokita. Like who?    Mr. Rokita. Would it--it is in your authority to reach out to them?    Mr. Rokita. OK. So we will do that by what date, do you think? It doesn't necessarily have to be AOPA, but you say it is a good idea, I just want to get you on record when we can start moving to build partnerships where they make most sense. When can you do that by?    Mr. Rokita. No, I--just tell us now when--you know, when you can make a phone call, when you can write a letter. When can you get these guys involved?    Mr. Rokita. Great, thank you very much. Depending on the time of year, farmers may be out in the fields, wanting to use these machines. And I have--in Indiana there is farm operations 24/7, probably starting right now. And I think the proposed rule, 107.29, only allows day operations. Are you considering modifying that at all, or are you going to be strict on the day operations?    Mr. Rokita. Because I could see, in a farm field, where it could be--these machines can be used all around the clock.    Mr. Rokita. OK. I appreciate that.    Captain, thanks for your testimony, as well. How do your members know--when you talk about these near-miss sightings, and these reports of UAS, how do you know it is what they saw versus, you know, a balloon that a kid let go a while ago, which I see in my aircraft from time to time--try to do a circle around it--safely, of course. Or even a UFO . You can go on cable at night, anywhere from 11 o'clock to 3 o'clock in the morning, and hear all these pilots' stories about UFOs. How do we know we saw a UAS, and what specifically does ALPA do to verify the sightings?    Mr. Rokita. So all these reports are double sightings?    Mr. Rokita. Right.    Mr. Rokita. Right.    Mr. Rokita. As your video depicts, it is hard to see these things. So how are we so sure--I mean, Mr. Whitaker, you were picked on by my good friend, John Mica, for only having 20 civil penalty cases. But, in all fairness, couldn't it be that you couldn't verify that these were even UAS to begin with?    Mr. Rokita. But pilots aren't God.    Mr. Rokita. Right, so we shouldn't even necessarily on this panel or in America accept the premise that all these sightings or near-miss UAS sightings are really, in fact, UAS to begin with, should we?    Mr. Rokita. Right.    Mr. Rokita. How do you know how many, though? That is my----    Mr. Rokita. So we don't even know how many.    Mr. Rokita. Well, that may be, but we don't know what we are talking about, because we can't even quantify it. There's millions of birds, too. Right?    Mr. Rokita. That reminds me, Dr. Kochenderfer, you talk about Canadian geese being so much heavier. And the assumption in your testimony--at least something I took--is that birds are still certainly, or at least potentially, more dangerous. Yet the captain says, ``Well, you know, there's metal batteries in these things, and they are dangerous, too.'' Can you elaborate on your testimony?    Mr. Rokita. Yes, so you can't quantify it.    Mr. Rokita. And in the time I have remaining, I want to go into the commercial licensing structure, Captain Canoll. Your organization is recommending a commercial pilot's license, yet the flight characteristics of these drones, the stall characteristics, are completely different.    I have a commercial license, and it is basically a VFR ticket that is met with higher specifications. I don't understand why we need a commercial license. I am not getting that, and I am wanting to assume it is simply because you are worried about job protection, you are worried about the one day that these operators might--or these unmanned vehicles might take away a pilot's job.    Mr. Rokita. Right.    Mr. Rokita. Because it is revenue-generating.    Mr. Rokita. So, in fact, you are worried about the revenue-generating impact of this, not necessarily the safety impact of this----    Mr. Rokita. Thank you. My time has expired.