    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Chair Foxx and Ranking Member Hinojosa. Thank you for having me join your subcommittee today.    This is a topic that has been of import in my state of Oregon as well as across the country. We have had a lot of conversations about it. And in fact, just last week I had a great discussion hosted by Portland State University with our Oregon institutions, primarily the Title IX coordinators.    There are a lot of common themes that we heard today not only emphasizing the importance of the issue but the regulatory overlap and sometimes conflict--I think you will find a lot of support among this committee for clarifying that; but also the resources needed to address these issues.    And I am glad we have had a lot of conversations this morning about prevention and the importance of educating students about healthy relationships, consent and what that means, healthy sexual encounters. And I am glad we are talking about that before college--before they get to college.    Now, there were some conversations about the Teach Safe Relationships Act. There is a House version, which I am proud to cosponsor, along with a couple of other members of this committee. I do invite the other committee members and other colleagues to take a look at that and join on because if we are preventing, that is the best approach.    So we know we can take stronger steps not only in prevention, we want to make sure that survivors of sexual assault have access to resources, services, and privacy on and off campus. And I want to emphasize that we really need to have policies that encourage not discourage survivors from reporting and seeking counseling and assistance.    Dr. Rue, you discuss the important role of confidential advisors, and that is something that we are seeing in more institutions.    Now, earlier this year I wrote a letter to the Department of Education about an apparent loophole in FERPA. In some circumstances, attorneys for an institution can access students' counseling records without a court order.    The Department of Education's recent draft guidance to address this issue is encouraging, and I look forward to working with the administration and advocates and colleagues to close that loophole and provide survivors with the support and assurance of privacy. We want them to be safe and we want them to feel safe, and if they have a sense that their records are not going to be kept confidential, that may discourage them from seeking the support that they need.    So my home state is working on this issue. Earlier this year our governor, Kate Brown, signed legislation making clear that conversations between alleged campus assault survivors and their advocates are confidential.    Oregon also passed a bill that requires schools to give students who report sexual assaults written notification about their rights, legal options, campus services, and the state and community resources. And I just want to give a shout-out to Brenda Tracy, a brave survivor of a gang rape on a campus several years ago, who is now a nurse and an advocate.    So these policies are important for students not only in Oregon but, you know, across the country, and I am really glad we are having these conversations today.    And I want to ask you, Ms. Maatz, we know that more institutions are starting to educate students about their rights under Title IX. Oregon State University, for example, is going to be opening a survivor advocacy center to provide confidential and accessible services; they are going to have a full-time advocate there.    So what can we do to expand services like that so more students know their rights? And what is the best way to let survivors know what resources are available to them on and off campus, and also let all students know that, not just survivors? They need to know what is there, and the best way to do that.    Ms. Bonamici. And reclaiming my time, I wanted to get to that issue, so in the few remaining seconds, could you talk about--because there is such a diversity among colleges and universities in size and resources, and we want meaningful responses. So do you have any suggestions about how we can accomplish that in a nationwide climate survey so that we get equity in response and distribution and participation?    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific.    My time is expired.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you.    Ms. Bonamici. I yield back. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. I understand that Congresswoman Speier would like to speak, and I ask unanimous--