    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Bagdoyan, Medicaid is a large program, as is Medicare. Would it be fair to say that as long as these programs existed, there have always been at least some improper payments, some people gaming the system?    Mr. Green. I know it wasn't part of your audit specifically, but improper payments were not only associated with Medicare and Medicaid, but they are a challenge government-wide, I assume.    Mr. Green. OK. Clearly we want to lower the rate of improper payments in programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, but it is important to put it in context. This Committee examined this issue more than a decade ago. Then, as we are discussing today, there were improper payments associated with Medicaid and Medicare. But do we want to constantly try to eliminate improper payments--and we do want to try and eliminate improper payments and better controls.    On page 14 of your report, your audit mentions that CMS, as part of the passage of the Affordable Care Act has put in place some new tools that may help bring down improper payments. I realize that gaps remain, but do you see this as an important step in the right direction?    Mr. Green. OK. Do you see any new tools as a step in the right direction? If so, can you explain how you think they will help us reduce improper payments moving forward?    Mr. Green. OK. I understand more specifically that CMS regulations established a more rigorous approach to verifying financial and non-financial information that could help determine Medicaid beneficiary eligibility. It has created a tool called the data services hub. I know that gaps will remain, and bad actors constantly try to find ways to game the system, however, does the implementation of this new tool, the data service hub, give you some encouragement that we can reduce the rate of improper payments?    Mr. Green. I am guessing some of these new tools are already having some positive effect. I understand the GAO's audit has some limitation--mainly due to using data that is now almost 5 years old. While I applaud GAO's efforts to help strengthen Medicaid through its work, it is unfortunate that we cannot see how these new and encouraging tools are working until we can examine more recent billing data.    Mr. Chairman, I hope that we continue to work with GAO and CMS to see how these new tools CMS is working on can help us in taking out the fraud and abuse. Again, I want to thank GAO for the excellent work you are doing, and also CMS for responding to what we did in the Affordable Care Act to give you those tools. I yield back my time.