    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Chair Shimkus.    And on the outset, let me just indicate how pleased I am to be able to work as ranking member on this subcommittee with you. I appreciate the fact that our respective parties have asked us to lead the efforts with what I think is very important work that comes under the overview of this subcommittee.    So I believe we will have a very productive session, and I look forward to it. So congratulations on your continued leadership.    Good morning. And, again, thank you, Chair Shimkus, for holding this hearing on the Environmental Protection Agency's final rule to establish minimum national standards for the disposal of coal ash.    Over the years, communities have been subjected to risks due to air and water pollution associated with inadequate management of coal ash disposal. Spills resulting from coal ash impoundment failures have polluted water supplies, destroyed private and public properties, and resulted in lengthy and expensive cleanup efforts. I am certain that the residents of these unfortunate communities feel this rule is long overdue.    EPA is to be commended for its extensive process of public engagements on this issue. The Agency sorted through over 450,000 public statements submitted during the public comment period on the rule and held eight public hearings in communities across our country.    EPA's rule is responsive to industry concerns that classifying coal ash as hazardous waste would harm coal ash recycling efforts that utilize coal ash in new materials and new products, and it is responsive to the concerns of public health and environmental advocates because, for the first time, we have Federal standards for coal ash disposal sites that will set a floor of protection for all communities.    Of course, the rule from either vantage point is not perfect. Given the disparate opinions on what would constitute appropriate Federal regulation of coal ash disposal, that is not too surprising.    The rule has quieted the debate on this issue somewhat. But, of course, there are still differing opinions about how coal ash should be classified and regulated, and we will hear some of these opinions here today.    I would have preferred to see a stronger regulation, given the substantial risks and tremendous damage and cost of recent spills, especially the one experienced in Tennessee in 2008. But with this rule in place, States and utilities can begin to address deficiencies in disposal operations. Communities will gain access to information about coal ash disposal facilities and have a benchmark from which to compare performance against expectations.    Now that the rule is final, the work of implementation begins. Ultimately, that is the only real test of whether this rule takes the correct approach or not, and it will take some time to evaluate whether its implementation will achieve the goals of safe management of coal ash disposal. I believe it is this subcommittee's job to continue in its oversight of this issue and others going forward.    We will have witnesses today who will advocate for changes to this regulation or to the underlying law, and I think that either approach is premature. I would observe that changes in regulation or in law do indeed take a long time and hitting the restart button now would only lead to continued uncertainty and risk. We have had far too much of those already.    This rule was years in the making. And, as I said earlier, I would have preferred to see a stronger regulation, but I am not willing to second-guess an approach that has yet to be implemented or evaluated and one that rests on the extensive public engagement and negotiating process and years of work invested by the interested parties and the Agency. This rule should move forward. We should give this approach an opportunity to work and monitor it closely to evaluate its effectiveness.    So let's get on with it. As we go forward, we will see how well this approach works. We certainly retain all options for action if it does not.    I thank all of our witnesses for appearing today and for their invaluable contributions to the public process that moved this rule forward.    Again, I thank our chair, Chair Shimkus, for calling this important hearing. I look forward to working with you on this issue and the other issues in this jurisdiction of our subcommittee as we begin our work in this 114th Congress.    And, with that, I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Mr. Stanislaus, good morning, and thank you for joining us.    Unsafe disposal of coal ash poses serious threats to human health and to our environment. That is why I am pleased that EPA has finally set national criteria for State disposal of coal ash. For the first time utilities and States have clear requirements to indeed follow.    As I stated earlier, I would have preferred a stronger rule. Public health and environmental advocates have indicated that they have preferred a stronger rule. I tend to agree. But I do believe the rule includes some important safeguards.    I appreciate you being here to testify. And I would like to go over some of the most important protections offered by the rule with you.    To ensure that disposal sites are not located in dangerous areas, the rule puts in place five restrictions. And I would like to give you my read of those restrictions and see if I am interpreting them correctly.    Structures generally will not be allowed close to aquifers and wetlands within fault areas and seismic impact zones and in unstable areas. Is that indeed correct?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Thank you.    And previous legislative proposals we have seen would have included only two of these five restrictions and included a smaller aquifer buffer. I appreciate that the final rule includes these protective requirements.    Next. To protect air quality, the new final rule will require facilities to develop dust control plans and prevent blowing by wetting or covering the dust or erecting wind barriers. Is that indeed correct?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    To detect groundwater contamination, the rule includes requirements for at least one upgradient well and three downgradient wells. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. Why did the Agency find it important to specify a minimum number of wells?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Lastly, I would like to turn to the public disclosure requirements in this rule.    The rule establishes a national floor for what information will be made publicly available and for how that will be done. Utilities will have to maintain pages on their Web sites that document their compliance with a wide range of the criteria in the rule, including location, design, and groundwater monitoring. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. These disclosure provisions in the rule will be essential to ensuring compliance and promoting transparency for communities. Although a subtitle C rule might have offered more protection and more direct enforcement, this rule will protect human health in the environment and goes beyond past bills.    I do want to commend EPA for finalizing this rule and for the Agency's conduct of the extensive public engagement in the course of this development.    And, with that, I thank you for appearing here this morning.    And I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And welcome, everyone. Unsafe disposal of coal ash poses very serious risks to human health and to the environment. A number of damage cases cited by EPA in the final rule is more than ample proof that current regulation isn't working for many communities.    In 2009, this subcommittee held a hearing on damage from coal ash disposal. We heard from victims who lost their homes, their businesses, and their health to coal ash contamination. In the time since that hearing, problems have continued. Hopefully, the implementation of this rule will reduce these events and their costs going forward.    For today, I would like to focus on a recent high-profile damage case and what it can teach us about compliance and about enforcement.    Mr. Holleman, can you tell us a little bit about the Dan River spill?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. We have heard from other witnesses on your panel that States are best positioned to enforce coal ash disposal requirements. Do you think States have proven their ability to effectively enforce coal ash rules?    Mr. Tonko. Mr. Schaeffer, do you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.