    Mr. Jeffries. I thank the Chairman.    And I thank the Attorney General for your presence and your testimony here today and your leadership.    One of my colleagues from Illinois mentioned earlier that in the city of Chicago approximately 60 percent of the instances of gun violence can be traced to weapons that were initially purchased in either the neighboring States of Wisconsin or Indiana, as well as, I believe, from Mississippi. It's also the case that many of the weapons that are used to commit crime in south-central Los Angeles can be traced initially to the neighboring State of Arizona.    We've got a similar problem in New York in terms of the weapons that are used often to commit crime in the city, and in fact this has been illustrated. Recently we've experienced the deaths of four officers in the line of duty over the last 10 months, Detective Ramos, Detective Liu, Brian Moore, and Randolph Holder. It was a very diverse group, sort of emblematic of the increased diversity of the New York City Police Department, one was African America, one was White, one was Asian, one was Latino. They all paid the ultimate price.    One of the things that they had in common was that the weapons that were used to kill each of these offices came from outside of the State. Detective Ramos, Detective Liu were killed by a weapon that came from Georgia, Officer Moore a weapon that came from Georgia, Officer Holder a weapon that came from South Carolina.    And so it seems that even as certain States see fit to tighten their gun violence prevention laws, because there is no national legislative effort, many States have been subjected to closing the front door, but guns being able to come into those States through the back door.    And so my question is, do you think that the gun trafficking laws that currently exist on the books are adequate for the ATF, the FBI, the Department of Justice to do its job in combatting gun violence?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly, Congressman, the protection of the American people, particularly when it comes to gun violence, is one of our highest priorities, and we are committed to making every effort to carry out that goal and that responsibility. We look to vigorously enforce all the laws on the books. There are a number of cases I recall when I was still in Brooklyn that my colleague in the Brooklyn DA's office was able to essentially close down a firearm trafficking ring that was bringing guns, as you indicated, from Georgia to New York.    So it is something that all levels of law enforcement take very seriously. We work closely with our State and local colleagues on this issue and we will continue to do so.    Certainly should Congress consider additional legislation, we'd be happy to provide input and comment on that. That is certainly something that I think there is a debate about and I think all voices should be part of that debate.    Mr. Jeffries. Has the Department of Justice taken a position, for instance, as to whether universal background checks or comprehensive background checks would be something that Congress should look do as it relates to tightening our gun violence prevention laws?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly I think as we've been asked that question we've provided information about cases and about trends that we have seen that we hope would be helpful to the analysis here in Congress on that. And if that were something that Congress were to consider we would work to implement that as well.    Mr. Jeffries. It's my understanding that the Department of Justice is currently investigating whether the civil rights of Eric Garner were violated when he died as a result of a chokehold that was deployed in July of 2014 by an NYPD officer, Daniel Pantaleo. Is that correct?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes. That tragic incident did occur in 2014 and it was on Staten Island, which is in my former district.    Mr. Jeffries. And in December of 2014, I believe the Department of Justice publicly announced that it was considering whether civil rights prosecution would be appropriate. Is that correct?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes. Essentially, as you may be aware, the Staten Island district attorney initially undertook an investigation and grand jury presentation. As is commonly our practice, we awaited the results of that investigation and after the conclusion of the State matter began our own Federal review, which is ongoing.    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. And in the context of the Federal review that's ongoing, Eric Garner obviously has been killed. The individual who I think courageously recorded the incident is currently being prosecuted at the State level in a manner that many of us view as retaliatory. It remains to be seen. But the officer who deployed a chokehold that had been administratively prohibited by the NYPD for the previous 20 years remains on the force on desk duty still receiving a salary.    At any point did the Department of Justice communicate to the city of New York that it should refrain from proceeding with disciplinary action against this officer during the pendency of your investigation?