    Dr. Serber. Good morning. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and the rest of the Committee, for the opportunity to testify today on a topic that I've devoted my career to expanding the impact of advanced biotechnology.    A decade ago I was one of hundreds if not thousands of early career scientists and engineers who left academia to devote our human capital to extending the reach of biotechnology. Whereas biotechnology is synonymous for many people with the field dedicated to medical therapeutics, biotechnology also has the potential to transform other fields, including energy, agriculture, and manufacturing. The prospect of vastly expanding the societal and economic impact of our technical expertise attracted me and many other scientists, including Dr. Shetty, to new endeavors focused on realizing these potential far-reaching applications.    Single-celled organisms--microbes--are the most versatile chemical factories on the planet. Dr. Shetty has already explained how engineering microbes can be used as microscopic biofactories. This is the basis for what has been dubbed the new bioeconomy in which companies increasingly rely on biology to source the materials used in their products.    This is, however, not a new manufacturing paradigm. Today, chemicals made via large-scale fermentation are employed in a wide variety of agricultural and industrial applications, and, excluding ethanol, comprise over $66 billion in revenue globally, or roughly ten percent as much as petrochemicals. While a relatively small percentage, the rate of growth of chemicals made biologically is greater than ten percent annually, whereas the petrochemical market is growing at less than seven percent. In time, chemicals made via fermentation may come to dominate the overall chemicals market.    My company, Zymergen, was founded recently in 2013 to contribute to this expanding market. Our core business is to use biotechnology to rapidly and reliably engineer microbes used in the manufacturing of chemicals for a variety of applications. Zymergen is under contract with Fortune 500 companies to improve the manufacturing economics of chemicals they currently make in large-scale fermentation by engineering the single-celled biofactories they already use.    Our ability to realize this incredible potential relies not only on scientists and engineers but also on government policy that supports this type of research and innovation. Having interacted with dozens of large domestic producers of goods made through fermentation, I should mention that Zymergen fully supports the July 2 White House memorandum on modernizing the regulatory system for biotechnology products, which directs the relevant federal agencies to develop a long-term strategy to ensure that the biotechnological regulatory system is prepared for the rapidly changing future of our industry.    I can confidently say that the current regulatory system is full of inconsistencies and scientifically unsound characterizations. This regulatory system has not kept up with changes in the technology, creating confusion, delays, and inefficiencies. It is our hope that the EPA, FDA, and USDA can efficiently and rapidly update the coordinated framework.    Two-and-a-half years ago, Zymergen had three founders. Today, we have 93 employees. Growth has not slowed and we are on pace to more than double in staff size in 2016. This rapid growth is not based on speculation. Quite the contrary, our challenge to date has been excessive market demand. We are working day and night to keep up. Our customers are large, established manufacturers of chemicals made through fermentation. As they seek to reduce costs and increase manufacturing productivity and competitiveness, they see Zymergen and our technology as essential to maintaining competitiveness.    Zymergen depends on cross-disciplinary research. Our engineers and scientists are trained in fields including microbiology, genetic engineering, robotics, chemical engineering, and machine learning. Our most valuable employees are rare individuals with expertise in multiple relevant domains, able to bridge the gaps between, for example, genome editing and software engineering. Federally supported educational and training programs are critical to providing us with the staff we need to grow and fulfill our potential.    Recent activities in our space supported both through public and private sector investment have dramatically altered what is now possible through biotechnology. So while Zymergen has initially devoted our insights to improving the economics of existing products, the approaches developed enable us also to expand the palliative chemicals that can be made through biology. This amounts to a technological revolution likely as important to advancing societal well-being, national security, and economic productivity and competitiveness as the invention of the transistor or the invention of heavier-than-air flight.    In keeping with this promise, we recently contracted with the DARPA's new Biological Technologies Office under their Living Foundries: 1000 Molecules program. This program is developing new capabilities that will enable biomanufacturing of known or novel chemicals on demand and at scale. As few as three years ago, entire companies in this arena were founded to develop a single chemical product. With the support of DARPA, we at Zymergen are pushing the technology to develop new biosynthetic pathways for over 300 specific chemicals of interest. We are targeting an overall 20-fold cost reduction in new product development.    Further, our team of biologists, engineers, and material scientists are choosing these chemicals to form the basis for new materials. These materials are expected to have novel properties in categories as wide-ranging as thermal stable plastics, marine adhesives, and antiseptic battlefield dressings.    While the potential application of each new material generates considerable interest, what excites me and my colleagues at Zymergen most is the creation of a cutting-edge technological platform designed to accelerate innovation in new materials, an area where innovation has slowed, and importantly, an area historically completely unrelated to biotechnology. This is but an example of the myriad ways biotechnology can impact the U.S. economy and improve society. I am pleased this hearing presents an opportunity to engage in dialogue about ways we can work together to realize the potential of this industry.    Thank you.    Mr. Serber. A couple of things come to mind. So amongst them is a coordinated roadmap. The efforts in the United States are fragmented. The support for this growing industry doesn't have a clear home base for lobbying, for support, for garnering the kind of widespread development of the tools that we're going to require to push forward the sector.    I mentioned a couple of times that we're receiving DARPA support, and I believe that today in the field of synthetic biology DARPA has far and away provided more support than any other federal agency for this enterprise. I think it amounts to roughly 60 percent of the dollars spent by the federal government in 2015 to this new field.    DARPA's a very small agency, and they can't go it alone, and their focus is on creating a preventing strategic surprise. So their application space is understandably focused. I'm looking forward to other agencies using that as inspiration to build support base, funding for additional research both in academia and translational research. I'm looking for educational programs to help give the cross-disciplinary familiarity because to succeed in this field requires expertise not in the silos of biology or chemistry or physics or computer science, but rather cross-trained individuals who are equally versed in aspects of all of the above to really push the field forward.    Dr. Serber. Many of the partner companies we work with who are already engaged in large-scale manufacturing are stimulated to become involved in this process by--the writing is on the wall for them that if they don't embrace the new technology, their competitiveness with the products that they make will be eclipsed by others who have. So this framework is really required to maintain the United States' lead in the manufacturing of many of these goods, without which we will be stuck manufacturing products using 1980s, 1990s technologies, and others will be employing the more advanced technologies and have better economics around manufacturing.    Dr. Serber. The quick answer from my--and really, it's just from our point of view--is the place to start is in simpler systems. The mammalian application of these technologies is more complicated when it comes to the ethical and legal considerations. The application--the technology actually began as a natural phenomenon in bacterium, and it has been applied across the animal kingdom in very short order, given its power.    We at Zymergen apply those sorts of technologies in the application of microbes like bacteria that--from which they were originally found for the purposes of improving them in the biocatalysis that they are used in large-scale fermentation. This is a--makes for us from our perspective a nice testbed for assessing the suitability of the technology in a regime that certainly has oversight--I'm not implying for a moment it doesn't--but doesn't raise as many issues as other applications have. And as I think we learn more about the technology and its applications and grow more comfortable with it in this sector, it will be much easier and more natural to move it and expand it into other sectors, which will include human health.    Dr. Serber. I'll start but I think other members of the panel have something to say about it. It's worth highlighting that a panel like this is composed of people who've spent at least a quarter-century in school apiece getting the skills required to reach a level of just pure competence in the field. And it's especially difficult given the long time horizons of the educational program to stay current in a rapidly evolving system. And having federal support to be nimble and flexible around that to change the educational programs and support as the technology improves is absolutely critical.    I found myself recently in conversations with faculty at UC Berkeley discussing new master's programs that they want to install with an eye towards training staff for jobs in businesses and companies like that of Zymergen, the company that I founded with two others, which certainly involves a lot of biology but also more automation, robotics, computation, computer science than you would think. And I'm finding that there are certain educational programs across the United States when I go higher that are particularly adept at cross training graduate students and undergraduates for a future in this career, which will be intrinsically cross-disciplinary. It is no longer sufficient to get ahead in a technical field to be an utter specialist in one area, at least by my estimation.    Dr. Serber. Only very briefly that biology is already the supreme source of nano-exquisite molecular structures. Biology and the enzymes that it employs to do chemistries are there for us to make use of as we attempt to expand the chemical palette of building blocks that we can use to make new materials. So there is a definite overlap in some of the applications.    Dr. Serber. Yes, quickly, so I'm currently no longer working on biofuels, but I did spend about seven years pursuing biofuels. And the challenges that that sector faces are driven by the macroeconomic forces having to do with the price of oil in the price of feedstocks for the fermentation products.    It's worth highlighting that in the course of pursuing biofuels, both with private and federal funding, all the tools that we are--this panel is making use of to drive other applications and other technology, a lot of that began with biofuels. The biofuels have not yet reached the economic tipping point to be competitive, but things only need to change a little bit for that to turn around. And we'll be ready when they do.