    Mr. Issa. And, Chairman, I have a policy that if my colleague from Texas is walking in, as you recognize me and he is supposed to go first, that I yield.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Would the ladies and gentlemen that were affected by asbestos please stand again?    Mr. Issa. Just a shake of head, if you do not mind. You are not under oath. Do you all either have current cases or have you settled?    Mr. Issa. So everybody is involved in that level of either a suit or having settled. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, my questions for each of the witnesses will fall along a simple line. I understand bankruptcy and I understand diminishing amounts of money. As I understand it, there is a fixed amount of money in the trust of bankrupt entities, and this will represent the entire settlement whether there is one more litigant, no more litigants, or an infinite amount of them. So let me go through the question, because Mr. Conyers in his opening statement implied that somehow we would be unfair to people if, in fact, we tried to ensure that only those who were actually affected by asbestos--not exposed, but affected by asbestos--were, in fact, given a settlement.    So, Mr. Inselbuch, I will start with you and I will go right down the line. Would you agree that, in fact, if we run out of money before we run out of actual victims, that, in fact, the harm will go to those who have been affected by asbestos and for whom there is no money left?    Mr. Issa. What you are saying is that the amounts will keep getting smaller and smaller, so everyone will get something.    Mr. Issa. So if some of the people behind you were to get a settlement today and it was more in actual dollars, not even constant dollars, but in actual dollars, it was more today than for somebody 2, or 3, or 4 years from now, that would be a horrible thing for the person later who gets a diminished amount of money for the same actual damage, would it not be?    Mr. Issa. Well, Mr. Vari----    Mr. Issa. Well, I am going down each of you, but I think for each of you next, if you agree with what has been said, that, in fact, there will be diminished payments eventually reaching a de minimus amount or nothing if you continue to have additional claimants. I am not an economist, but I did take accounting in college in addition to economics. My basic understanding is for each person that is not a valid claimant who is somehow taken out of receiving money through kind of reform, whether it is this or others, we are, in fact, preserving a larger amount of money for an actual victim. Would that not be correct, Mr. Vari?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So you worked with specificity on a lot of this. Do you see that exact event happening in which later victims are going to be shortchanged or all together left out if we do not ensure, at a minimum, that only those who truly are dealing with dreaded diseases caused by exposure are put at the head of the line?    Mr. Issa. And, Mr. Brickman, if you will quickly follow up as our time is expiring.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Issa. Regular order. Regular order.    Mr. Issa. Regular order.    Mr. Issa. Regular order, Mr. Chairman.