    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As we are talking about soundness, which we can all certainly support, I think we need to be mindful that we are impacting businesses at home and people's jobs.    And, Mr. Simmons, in your written testimony, you establish that Zions has very conservative limits on some of your commercial lending.    Since Zions' primary business model does involve commercial lending and many of the aspects of your loans being under $5 million in size, has this regulatory regime impacted your ability to be able to actually make some of those loans in Zions' footprint?    Mr. Tipton. And so it is the unknown quantity sort of coming out of a regulatory regime.    I would like to be able to drill down. We had had testimony that came in from the regulators, and there seems to be empathy on this panel and from the regulators in regards to not the big banks but the smaller banks, some of the super-regionals that you would qualify in.    You had cited that you had 12,500 pages in terms of a stress test this year, double-sided, that the chairman had noted. How many pages did you have last year?    Mr. Tipton. Similar to that?    Mr. Tipton. So are those costs impacting your ability to do what you are designed to do, which is to provide access to capital for businesses and for individuals?    Mr. Tipton. How many new people have you hired for compliance in Zions?    Mr. Tipton. Do any of those people make loans?    Mr. Tipton. None of those people make a loan. So you aren't able to focus on your core business model if you want to be able to do it right.    Mr. Chairman, I think it is pretty frustrating. I never thought I would be quoting Barney Frank, but, effectively, he has come out and said we didn't intend for it to be able to go this far, in terms of a regulatory regime. And I think that it really speaks to an out-of-control regulatory process, to where a broad-based piece of legislation is being put forward and we are leaving the regulators to be able to fill in the blanks.    And now, arbitrarily, we are talking about $50 billion, and we are seeing the regulators and others step back and say, well, that may not be the right number. But I would certainly probably take issue in terms of some of Mr. Johnson's comments in terms of Congress actually getting involved--maybe smaller, prescriptive bills.    And Mr. Luetkemeyer, I will certainly associate myself--I cosponsored that legislation. It is going to be an appropriate way for this to be able to address something that I think is impacting our ability to be able to grow our communities, to be able to grow jobs. We need that access to capital to be able to do that.    Dr. Barth, you cited concentration as a potential problem in terms of some of the regulatory regime that we are seeing. Are we actually incentivizing concentration of banks? We are seeing more small banks now shut down than there are new banks start up. Are we actually driving the ship into creating more significant banking businesses rather than spreading that risk through small communities?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.