    Mr. Sanford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess what I would like to do for one second is go up 30,000 feet, and so this is not a commentary on how hard your men and women are working, the quality of their efforts, the hardiness of their pursuit, but really a macro question, because I remember being in hearings like this the last time I was in Congress. I remember going down to Howard Air Force Base, and I remember at that time there wasn't enough money in drug ops to send up an AWACS every day of the week, and so they would send one up once a week, once every 2 weeks.    And then the smart drug runners, they simply paid for a spotter, when the plane goes up that has the big dish, let us know, and then like the really stupid guys, the uninformed guys, they would still send a boat running north, and you would look at these films out of an F-16 in pursuit of the boat, they are throwing the drugs out of the boat, and once the boat is emptied, they would turn around, you burned a bit of jet fuel, you got a good video, but that was about it, and it was sort of catch-and-release.    In contrast, I remember at that time, as part of our payments to Peru in the drug ops war, they had a shoot-down policy, and I remember watching videos of planes actually being shot down in Peru. And so it just seems to me that in war, it is either war or it is not. And what we have had for a long while in this country is sort of a middle ground when indeed you and the Navy and others do their duty. But in terms of actual result, really there isn't that much in the way of result.    I mean, any time you look at equation wherein 75 percent of what you are trying to stop is going through, then about 25 percent you are stopping, I mean, you have to question the validity of spending, you know, $25 billion, 6,000 folks, as you just mentioned, in this effort, in terms of result. And you look at how scarce dollars are in the American system, how much scarcer they are going to get going forward. I mean, Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles, their point was the most predictable financial crisis in the history of man is coming our way, given the squeeze financially that we are going to be in as a country. And therefore we have, I think a requirement, whether in this committee or any other committee, to fund those things that actually work.    And so this is not about, again, the validity of your effort, you guys are working hard, but at the end of the day, the end results, I found wanting, and in contrast, one more data point. I remember being down on a drug ops trip, again, last time I was here, and there had been like 4,000 judges killed in the country of Colombia. I mean, it was all out war down there, and so I--you know, I just really begin to question, are we doing anything? What is your thought on that?    Mr. Sanford. No, we just moved the border. I mean, you say the Bahamas, you couldn't take a trip in the Bahamas without worrying about pirating in the Bahamas. You don't have to worry about pirating these days.    Mr. Sanford. Well, in terms of volume of drugs coming into this country, we haven't really moved the needle there.    Mr. Sanford. And I would reverse it.    Mr. Sanford. What I would respectfully submit is that when in the history of man has supply not met demand?    Mr. Sanford. Or does it do the reverse?    Mr. Sanford. Does it raise the profit margin?    Mr. Sanford. Some people say it is based on demographics, the fact that our country is aging, and the fact that somebody in their 50s may not be wanting to do what they were doing in their 30s or their 20s.    Mr. Sanford. Understood. Understood. And again, I am not belittling in any way your efforts. I am just struggling with the overall aggregate in terms of numbers and the way in which this war--I remember seeing the statistics, the body bag counts, if you will, back when I was in high school, and us walking through those same body bag counts in terms of this much cocaine procured, this much marijuana stopped, but at the end of the day in a lot of small towns across America, somebody being able to buy whatever they want in some, you know, corner of town, and which says to me, obviously, we still have a problem.    I see I burnt through my time, though. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sanford. That is the $94 question, and I really appreciate the chairman putting me on the spot like that. But I guess what I am struggling with, in watching this for a long number of years is do you spend more money and more time in affecting demand as opposed to trying to curtail supply. I mean, I think that is the big economic question out there, and that is ultimately not one that you all will resolve.    You are doing your duty, you are doing your part, that which you are charged, so I admire your work, but I think that is the $94 question we got to ask as a society is do we do something more. And again, a lot of this ties into stuff that is well beyond any of our pay grade, straight to the notion of family formation, a lot of other things that impact demand, poverty, you go down the list, but I think at the end of the day, the societal question we got to get our arms around is supply always equals demand.    I remember reading in National Review, James Buckley, who is by no means a liberal, saying the war is lost. That was the front page of the National Review way back when, and he made the case, in that case for liberalization and for legalization and zombie farms out West. You would have some number of people lost in either equation, and do you look at it a different way.    I don't know what the answer is, but I think that is the question we got to answer that ultimately is beyond your pay grade, and I suspect it comes down to the pay grade of the Americans--you know, and civilian population decide how do we address this problem.    Mr. Sanford. I am less and less certain of that than I was 20 years ago.    Mr. Sanford. My take, Mr. Chairman, is if you lined up a couple of Marines on the border, it would take care of the problem.