    Dr. Skorton. Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to testify. On behalf of the entire Smithsonian Institution, we appreciate the continuous generous support of Congress. This support makes our huge and varied collections of national treasures accessible to the American public.    From care and display of the Star-Spangled Banner, to research on the evolution of T.rex, we take our obligation to the American people very seriously. We leverage the Federal dollars with private support to expand our reach and capabilities. This unique public-private partnership is working well.    In July, I was privileged to begin my tenure as the 13th Secretary of the Smithsonian. I am most honored and humbled to be a part of this great institution.    Today, I would like to share just a few of our recent achievements and then touch on the two major objectives, the two major categories of funding: strengthening our intellectual foundation and programs, and strengthening our physical infrastructure.    Your support advances the civic, educational, scientific, and artistic life of our Nation. Just a few recent highlights.    Our stunning new National Museum of African American History and Culture opens on the National Mall this September.    Smithsonian scientists use our collections to provide important and very practical insights on a variety of topics. Consider the Zika virus. The Department of Defense is working with our National Museum of Natural History to study and map the Zika outbreak. The National Zoo is exploring how it might spread through nonhuman vectors. And the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama is examining the Zika-carrying mosquito's genetic makeup.    Always, but perhaps especially in an election year, the National Museum of American History and the National Portrait Gallery offer revealing insights into our Nation's leaders.    Our diverse music-related collections would comprise the largest music museum in the world if they were all in one place, and now, in a sense, they are, at a new Web site called Smithsonian Music.    The Smithsonian American Art Museum's Renwick Gallery reopened to the public in November following a 2-year renovation. Its debut exhibition, ``Wonder,'' has attracted more than 368,000 visitors in just the first 4 months.    And, in 2015, we welcomed a new panda cub, Bei Bei, at the National Zoo. Beloved by the public, Bei Bei represents our extensive work in species biodiversity.    In the addition to the nearly 30 million visits at our museums in Washington and New York City, we are extending access and education around the country. We now have 208 affiliate museums in 46 States, Puerto Rico, and Panama, and the Smithsonian Traveling Exhibition Service reaches more than 4.5 million people annually.    We offer online educational materials in K through 12 to students at all ages and teachers with more than 2,000 learning resources available online and all of them for free. Our Science Education Center has been helping to transform formal science education on the K through 12 level for more than 30 years, and this curriculum is used in every State in the country and in 25 other countries around the world.    We have more than 138 million objects in our collections, and to expand access we have created millions of digital images and electronic records, and we have become leaders in the field of three-dimensional scanning.    I was recently at the National Air and Space Museum as our experts carefully climbed into the Apollo 11 command module to create a three-dimensional scan of its interior, revealing for the first time notes and a calendar written inside by American astronauts. What a discovery. All of this information we will offer online this summer for everyone to explore for free.    Such treasures explain why the Air and Space Museum is always among the top three most visited museums in the world, and we are gearing up to transform it so that it will be there for generations to come. And this is a perfect example of one of our major objectives, strengthening our physical infrastructure.    Our request also includes funds for construction of the Air and Space Museum's collections module at the Udvar-Hazy Center in Virginia, funds for revitalization projects, and funds for planning and design of future projects. These funds will enable the institution to continue major revitalization work at the National Museum of Natural History, the National Zoo, and the National Museum of American History.    And as mentioned, our other priority is strengthening our intellectual foundation and programs. Our ranks of curators throughout the institution have shrunk substantially, especially in some of our museums. We need to reverse this long-term trend in the loss of curatorial and research staff. We need new experts who can continue to acquire and exhibit our unique collections while also ensuring the availability of the collections for critical research.    The Smithsonian does face a future that holds both exciting opportunities and imposing challenges, and working with the Congress and the administration, we will aggressively address these challenges and take full advantage of many new opportunities.    Again, I thank you for the opportunity of testifying. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The museum, as you know, is about 40 years old, and so we have projected for a long time the need to update mechanical systems in the building, and that accounts for something on the order of magnitude of $200 million of the projected cost.    Much of the rest of the cost is due to an unanticipated problem that was found in the cladding, or exterior, of the building, which will require replacement by new cladding for the safety of the public going into the building and for the building's own integrity.    It will also be necessary, from my perspective, to keep as much of the museum open during the revitalization as possible, given the enormous appetite that the American public has to visit the museum and to gain from its collections. So some of the funding will go for the necessity to move items to offsite storage while a particular part of the museum is being worked on, and then move it back at that right interval. And when you add all these things up, it does come out to an extraordinary number.    Our plan is to continue planning for this project for approximately another year and then to actually do the construction over a 5-year period, from fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2022.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This was the very first question I asked when I was brought onboard and they told me about the very challenging price tag on repairing this building. And although it is counterintuitive, although at first you would think it would be much more parsimonious to replace the building, it turns out to be much more expensive, on the order of magnitude of $2 billion. And please bear with me while I explain a bit about why that would be.    We would have to have a place to move the entire collection. And since it is such an enormous building with such an enormous collection, all the objects that are in there, including some very large objects, we would have to rent or build a massive storage facility. We would have to shut the museum down for years. And in addition to the very generous steadfast support that Congress has given us across the whole Smithsonian, we also have been able to raise some considerable funds through retail operations--IMAX theater, the shops, and so on--and, of course, that would all be off, we would lose that revenue.    And so when you add it all up, although, as I say, it is counterintuitive, it turns out that this, even though a very expensive project, to replace it while keeping, let's say, half of the museum open throughout the project is actually much less expensive than it would be to replace the entire building. But I thank you for the question.    Dr. Skorton. In this particular case, I have to ask that the entire amount be funded through Federal means. And may I please expand on that, Mr. Chairman?    I have had the great opportunity in my career to participate in fundraising of a variety of distinguished nonprofit institutions, and the Smithsonian also uses the leverage that you supply by such steadfast support to do philanthropic fundraising. In my experience, it is difficult to raise philanthropic funds for a repair or replacement type of procedure as opposed to something new.    And I must hasten to add that in the planning for the future of the National Air and Space Museum, we have plans for approximately $250 million of changes to the way we show exhibits to the public, increased use of interactive and electronic technology, a whole different approach, and we intend to raise those funds, the additional $250 million, through philanthropy, and we are already on our way to do that.    But the actual reconstruction of the building itself, I am asking be done completely through Federal funds.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Although I gave you an amateur's run through it before, I would like to introduce some professionals who can give you more in-depth, although succinct, discussion. I am going to name them all, and then they will get up in the order in which I named them. And I want to thank you on all of our behalf for allowing us to share a bit of the collection with you today.    Dr. Harry Rubenstein of the National Museum of American History has brought the inkwell used by President Abraham Lincoln to sign the Emancipation Proclamation. Ms. Ann Shumard of the National Portrait Gallery has the so-called cracked-plate portrait of Abraham Lincoln taken by the President's favorite photographer. Dr. Kelly Korreck of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory has brought a prototype of a protective heat shield, part of NASA's Solar Probe Plus spacecraft. And Dr. Eleanor Harvey of the Smithsonian American Art Museum has brought Thomas Moran's beautiful watercolor of the Excelsior Geyser at Yellowstone National Park.    Dr. Skorton. I have been warned to stay out of this argument. So it is above my pay grade.    Harry.    Dr. Skorton. Whatever you say, I agree with completely.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you, Harry.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you so much.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you so much.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you.    And I want to be quick to indicate that the comment on that park, the first one, was a historical, not a political comment.    Dr. Skorton. As Secretary, Mr. Chairman, I must say that I and the entire Smithsonian family values every single aspect of the American park system and the Park Service itself, celebrating its 100th anniversary.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much. I would like to try to answer what I heard were three questions.    First of all, on the extremely important matter of consultation with Congress, not only do we get two-thirds of our funding because of your generosity and foresight, but we are an organization in the public trust. So I couldn't agree with you more. It is hard for me to look backwards on what might or might not have happened in earlier consultation, but I will pledge to you today and to the entire subcommittee that we will make consultation and transparency a hallmark of our administration. I think it is very, very important, for all the reasons that you stated, including but not limited to the issues that you brought up.    Secondly, I heard you raise the very, very important issue of leveraging Federal funds in other ways. And I will be very quick about this, but we do that in two ways, in what I am going to call roughly business or retail operations, like the shops in the museums, the IMAX theaters, and the magazine, other things that you can purchase something or derive a benefit; and then secondly, philanthropy, outright gifts.    And the Smithsonian has been very effective in both the retail and philanthropic side of the house, but as you mentioned and as the chairman mentioned, the needs are very challenging and it is going to take everything that we can do to keep faith with the very strong support that you have given us and keep faith with those who purchase things from us and those who give philanthropic donations.    So I take that very seriously. And I believe, as a personal comment, a personal observation, still new at the Smithsonian and new in Washington, I believe part of the reason that my predecessors, especially Secretary Clough and Secretary Horvath, were so successful in raising philanthropic funds is because of the stalwart congressional support.    And it has been my experience in other public institutions raising philanthropy that when there is solid public funding, other people will also join in. So I thank you very much for that, because you have made the philanthropy possible.    But now, getting to the main focus of your question about London, it ties together a lot of these issues that you raised up. And I think the opportunity for the United States to tell its story overseas in a time of--obviously today is one of those terrible days where we are thinking so much about the international situation. I think being able to tell the story of America overseas would be a good thing for the Smithsonian and a good thing for the country.    However, given the pressure on Federal funds that the chairman has indicated and the pressure on us that you, Congresswoman, have indicated, we have to make sure, and I have already pledged earlier and will pledge again today, that we will not use Federal funds from the United States for this project and we will not do the project unless the finances can stand completely on their own, including not interrupting other flows of funds that we have to do, and I believe that is what you are asking me.    I can't tell you today whether the project will in fact come to fruition. I hope to be able to have an answer for you through our Board of Regents on the second week in April at our next full Board of Regents meeting. But I think it is an exciting prospect. We have to have it stand completely on its own bottom, and I am not there yet.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much. And let me talk specifically about the Arts and Industries Building, and then if you have more specific questions about the garden or the areas around, I am very glad to answer those as well.    I have one of these dream jobs, and one of the parts of my dream jobs is I have a dream office that looks right at the Capitol. And in my line of sight to the Capitol is the Arts and Industries Building, and also the carousel, which I am watching a lot of young people enjoy.    As I look at those three objects, I often focus on the Arts and Industries Building, and I asked myself the first time I came for interviews nearly 2 years ago: What are we going to do with this beautiful Victorian building, second oldest building in the Smithsonian universe?    And as you said, only very recently has the building been reopened.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you for all that you do for us.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much. And I hear two important questions embedded in what you asked me. If I may take just a moment to talk about our activities outside of D.C.    It is very, very important. It is really a lucky subset of the United States that can get to the Mall, and it is expensive to get here. One of the reasons that my predecessors began this very vigorous thrust on digitization is so that people anywhere who have access to the Internet, which is most, but not all, can have a chance to view major parts of the collection.    And also being in the public sector for most of my career, I think for a federally funded institution where the taxpayers are paying for it in every corner of the country, it is exquisitely important that we are responsive to their appetite to taste the Smithsonian.    Besides the 208 affiliate museums and the Traveling Exhibition Service, both of which were embedded in your comment about the Portland museum, we have other projects that through the research end of it touch the Nation and the world. And our mission, which was part of the letter that James Smithson wrote to establish the endowment 170 years ago, our mission is the increase and diffusion of knowledge.    We talk a lot about the diffusion of knowledge, that is, the interface between the public and these unbelievable collections, but the increase part, the research part is unbelievably important, whether we are talking about Zika, climate change, you name it.    And so the Forest and MarineGEO consortia, I am going to call them consortia, was set up to do just exactly what you said, that is, to have the benefit of the research thinking of the Smithsonian touching communities everywhere and to help gain knowledge that would raise all the ships.    And so for those who are not familiar with it, the MarineGEO is a project that studies coastal waterways. And coastal waterways are very, very important because that is the area where there is a tremendous concentration of life forms, and in our country a tremendous concentration of population. And so the interaction between the human population and the wildlife that lives at the edge of the coastal areas is very important to study.    We do not have enough funding so far to expand to the extent that I would like to expand. We do have a request as part of this budget request to continue staffing and planning for MarineGEO. MarineGEO was made possible actually through a combination of your support and a very generous contribution of an individual from our Smithsonian National Board.    And so it is my hope to leverage, again, the funds that you give us through philanthropy so that we can begin to think more broadly about bringing more partners on. And so we have very good intentions in that regard. And I need to be cautious in what I promise, because we do need to raise more funds.    But I think, having spent my whole career in science, that it is very important that that scientific research touches not only different parts of the country, but that scientists and people who want to participate be able to in areas far spread. So I am totally with you in intention, and will work to do my best to make that a reality.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you.    Dr. Skorton. Can I answer that piece of it?    Dr. Skorton. In a sense yes, in a sense no. Isn't that a helpful answer?    Dr. Skorton. I am going to stay away from the National Park on this one.    But it turns out that the cladding when it was cut for the National Gallery of Art, of which I serve as a board member, was cut to a thickness about twice as thick as the thickness of the cladding on the National Air and Space Museum. Our thinner cladding was done, as I understand it, to save funds and speed along construction at a time when they were trying to get the building done for the Bicentennial.    And so in the case of the National Gallery of Art, Congressman, it was possible to reuse that thicker cladding. It is not going to be possible to reuse this cladding. It will be discarded and we have got to start from scratch. And it is part of the reason, in my answer to the chairman's most important and reasonable question, why it is such an expensive project.    Dr. Skorton. In part it is, yes.    Dr. Skorton. No, no. I want to answer any question you have. I just want to give you the right answer.    So, first of all, part of our charge, part of what you expect us to do is tell the story of America in all its completeness and beauty, and the story of the American Latino has to be a very important part of telling that story.    So, as you know, in recent history a new museum for the Smithsonian is always established by an act of Congress. That act has not occurred. However, my predecessors have already begun some years ago to begin to gear up our efforts to tell the story of Latinos in America, again, through the two Secretaries who preceded me.    We have a project that you have been very generous in funding for a Latino fund that allows us to fund some projects within the Smithsonian. That has been very, very effective. We also have been hiring, even though we don't have a specific museum, we have been hiring curators with expertise in telling the story of Latinos in America, and they are working in various places throughout the institution through the Smithsonian Latino Center. And we have multiple exhibits, something on the order of five or six in this last year, touching on some of those areas.    So it will be in your hands to decide should we have a National Museum of the American Latino, but in the meantime, we are pushing ahead and I am pushing ahead to tell more completely the story of the American Latino.    Dr. Skorton. It is true. The world isn't fair, but I am so glad to be on my side of it.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much, Congressman.    First of all, before, when I quoted the mission statement of the increase and diffusion of knowledge, I think it is unbelievably important that the diffusion of knowledge not just involve people crossing the thresholds of our beautiful museums here and in New York City and elsewhere. We have to go out and help people where they live.    And as I mentioned just very briefly in my opening remarks, the education work of the Smithsonian, for example in STEM disciplines, and I am going to get back to the social sciences in a moment, is very, very well established throughout the country, as people wish to use it. As you know, our K through 12 system is a local phenomenon largely and, therefore, varies a lot. But we are there for people who want to use it, and, in fact, that use occurs in every single State of the United States.    However, I think we could be doing even more in terms of outreach, and I think that outreach could and should occur in two directions. It is one thing for us to go out and offer--all we can do is offer--educational services and arts and culture and history and science, for that matter, where it is a partner with people who want to do scientific research, as Congresswoman Pingree brought up. It is something else to get their input.    And one of the hallmarks that I hope to bring to this Smithsonian, which has already been a part of it, but I hope to strengthen it, is to listen more to the public about what they want. And the first thing I am going to do, I am going to start small and close to home. I think we owe some focus on the city of Washington, since the city of Washington is where our home base is.    So with the help of Mayor Bowser, I am establishing a Youth Advisory Council to meet from among high school students in Washington, D.C. I am hoping that those high school students will be able to tell me what they are interested in, what they believe they need, and I want to go directly to the place where we would like the education to occur. The first meeting of this group I hope is going to be this very next month, and I hope to ask them the very question that you are asking me indirectly, and that is, what do you think you need that we could do for you?    In terms of a more direct answer to your question about the lack of focus on civics, as I am sure you know, because it is an area of interest of yours and everyone on the subcommittee, there is a lot of consternation about where American youth are in terms of their knowledge of American history and civics. There are other organizations, nonprofits, that have been brought up to actually deal specifically with the civics problem. And I think that what we can do is really three things at the Smithsonian.    We can offer the exposure to the history of the United States and its culture through the collections themselves.    Secondly, these museums already offer enormous numbers and very effective types of public programs, public outreach programs. Some of those are done through the Smithsonian Associates, some of them are done individually in different ways. And, again, all we can do is offer and hope that they will come.    And then thirdly, I want to go out and find out what the public would like from us, and in asking those questions ask, what could we do to be helpful in broadening your perspectives.    And just one quick end to this very long, windy answer. When I have a few minutes in my daily schedule, I like to walk away from my office and go to the museums and talk to the visitors, talk to the families and the tourists who come. And one of the things that they ask most consistently, it is not a scientific sample, but just in my 9 months of asking them, is that parents will ask, what can you do to help my kids understand a bewilderingly changing world? And if they don't specifically ask about civics, they do ask, what can you do to help us to bring our kids along? So I really appreciate the question and your thrust.    Dr. Skorton. Thank you very much.