    Mr. Guinta . Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for your indulgence relative to our voting schedule this afternoon.    I first want to thank the panel for being here. It is clear to me and there has certainly been debate about this, but I have clearly seen the harmful effects of Dodd-Frank and the effects that it has had on community financial institutions, and most importantly, those consumers and users of those products.    The Mercatus Center of George Mason University recently released a paper, actually back in February 2014, which showed that small bank have eliminated or are planning to discontinue certain products or services as a result of Dodd-Frank, that is indisputable fact.    Nearly 64 percent of the banks surveyed anticipate making changes to the nature or assortment and volume of mortgage products and services as a result of this new regulatory action. The study also showed that roughly 10 percent anticipate discontinuing residential mortgages due to Dodd-Frank. And approximately 5 percent have already done so. Residential mortgages or mortgage servicing, home equity lines, credit, and overdraft protection are among the most likely products and services to be cut.    In New Hampshire, where I represent, we have about 30 community banks that offer a wide array of products and services to Granite Staters. However, due to severe regulations, I continue to hear from my community banks that they have had to limit products. They have had to limit loans and services to my constituents, to their customers and consumers. I personally do not see that as a favorable response to Dodd-Frank; maybe others disagree.    But I wanted to ask Professor Zywicki, would you agree that consumer choice in products and services is important for overall well-being for consumers? Or do you think that more choice in products and services harms those very consumers?    Mr. Guinta. It's a very simple and straightforward question.    Mr. Guinta. Do you think that Dodd-Frank regulatory changes negatively affected community financial institutions' ability to offer products and services to consumers more than it affected larger institutions?    Mr. Guinta. And since Dodd-Frank has been implemented, has consumer choice increased or decreased in products or services?    Mr. Guinta. The gentleman from Massachusetts and I have similar districts in terms of some of the characterizations and categories of people we represent. I am from Manchester, New Hampshire, the State's largest City. I used to be mayor--110,000, 115,000 people, average median income, family income about $54,000.    You go to the south end of Manchester, and you ask somebody, are they happy by paying $5 to $10 per month for the privilege of banking with their institution that they had banked with for the last 15 years, they would say arguably, no. But it is not just that issue, and this is where I think we have differences of opinion amongst the panel and the members of this committee.    I look at cost of living, I look at the cost of groceries, I look at the cost of home heating oil. I look at the cost to do banking. I add those up, and I look to the people I represent who are struggling in this economy. It was mentioned that there is a 5.3 percent unemployment rate, that is true. But the average weekly wage in this country has not increased dramatically from 2008 to today--and I see my time has expired. I would like to recognize Mr. Mulvaney for 5 minutes.    Mr. Guinta. Yes.    Mr. Guinta. I would invite you to take over as the Chair.