    Mr. Meadows. The subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. The gentleman from Virginia is on his way. And so we're going to go ahead and try to get this started in the interest of your time and some pressing schedules that are here.    I'd like to start off by acknowledging just the incredible work of the staff, both in majority and minority, on their preparation for this particular hearing. It's an issue that, obviously, has great impact, but it's also one that was not on my bucket list. And so it's been interesting to be able to come up to speed on that and be aware of it.    And as you know, the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program helps Federal employees prepare for the future healthcare needs by enrolling in long-term care insurance coverage. Federal employees can help reduce the financial burden of acquiring care as they grow older. And these burdens, obviously, can be very costly.    According to the Department of Health and Human Services, Americans turning 65 today will spend an average of $138,000 in long-term care services. By purchasing insurance now, the Federal employees can start paying for those services that they will need well into the future.    Alarmingly, the cost for this insurance continues to rise, and on July 18, the Office of Personnel Management, better known as OPM, after signing a new contract with John Hancock Insurance to administer the program, announced that the premium rates for most enrollees will drastically increase. Premiums have increased an average of $111, representing an 83 percent increase for nearly all of the 274,000 program enrollees.    For 102,000 of these enrollees, the rate increase was between 100 and 126 percent, translating to about $200 per month extra that people must pay to maintain the coverage. These most recent premium increases come after rates have already increased in 2009 by nearly 25 percent. And for many enrollees, including some 7,500 North Carolinians who are part of this program, this cost increase has been a financial difficulty. Unfortunately, these rates--the rate increases are not limited just to the Federal program.    Premiums have increased for nearly all long-term care insurance programs in the private sector as well, as my mother has very eloquently illuminated to me. And so a large reason behind these premium increases have to do with the nature of long-term care insurance. Insurance carriers must project a host of variables, including mortality rates, voluntary lapses, interest rates, morbidity rates and the like.    The values of these variables are constantly changing, and when projected several years into the future, it makes for the actuarial assumptions to be difficult, if not off in a number of cases. This necessitates premium increases at times in order for the insurance carriers to guarantee it can cover the expected benefits. Fortunately, insurance carriers have begun to acquire actual claim data in order to make more informed assumptions.    The hearing today will provide this committee the opportunity to delve into the variables that actually must be taken into account when setting these premium rates. This hearing will also allow the committee to look at factors affecting the lack of competition for Federal programs contracts. I'm concerned only that one carrier has bid on this contract, you know, both the second and third contracts. Encouraging healthy competition for Federal long-term care insurance programs contracts is an important aspect.    And so I look forward to hearing all of your testimony that we will receive today. And I recognize the gentleman from Virginia, my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. Connolly, for his opening statements.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his eloquent words. I also would note that we will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member that would like to submit a written statement.    The chair notes the presence of the gentlewoman from Virginia, Mrs. Comstock is here. It is my understanding that the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, and the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Delaney, may indeed come as well.    We appreciate, Mrs. Comstock, your interest in this topic.    Mr. Meadows. Yes.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection, so ordered.    I will also ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a statement from the representative from Maryland, Chris Van Hollen, on this particular subject.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Meadows. We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses. I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Michael Doughty, president and general manager of John Hancock Insurance. Welcome. Mr. John O'Brien, senior adviser for health policy at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. Welcome, Mr. O'Brien. Ms. Laurel Kastrup, chair of the Health Financial Reporting Insolvency Committee at the American Academy of Actuaries. Thank you for being here. Mr. Richard Thissen, national president of the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association. Welcome. And Mr. Marc Cohen, clinical professor of gerontology at the University of Massachusetts Boston. Welcome to you all. And pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. So if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    You may take your seat. In order to allow time for discussion, we would ask that you would limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement, however, will be made part of the record.    And so I'd like to go ahead and recognize you, Mr. Doughty, for 5 minutes.