    Mr. Mulvaney. I have not.    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you want to go vote?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. Do you want me to sit over there or are you going to do that?    Mr. Mulvaney . Okay. Gentlemen, thank you very much, and I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Thank you for doing this, I know it has been a long day, and I know at least some of you been here enough to know how this works. But for those of you who have not done--I consider how often you have been here before. We mean no disrespect by our coming and going, I can promise you that. And the questions that you get at the end, I hope are just as important as the questions you get at the beginning, since Mr. Emmer and I are the ones asking them at the end.    I wish Mr. Meeks was here because he said something earlier today that caught my attention about stability and about how he was pleased with stability in the financial services markets since Dodd-Frank went into place.    That sort of got my attention, because stability can be a really good thing, and then too much stability can be a problem. The banks in Greece today are really, really stable because they are closed. And my guess is they won't be nearly as stable next week if they open again, but stability for the sake of stability is not necessarily a good thing but it is certainly something to pursue.    And with that in mind, Dr. Calabria, you and I have talked in the past about other ways to get to stability, that if the goal of Dodd-Frank was to bring stability to the market to make sure banks could not fail or weren't too-big-to-fail, or all the rhetoric we have heard, there are other ways to do that, which might be much, much simpler. And that would be to simply require banks to hold a higher level of capital. Would you like to talk to about that for a few minutes, sir?    Mr. Mulvaney. There were things that discussed with one of your predecessors of Cato was this concept of the simpler system that will require a much higher level of capital. You can opt in or out. If you wanted to operate as a traditional bank, you wanted to have proprietary training, you wanted to do all the things that the Goldman Sachs of the world do. And if you want to maintain your 6 or 10 percent capital, that is fine. And that option might be available to you.    But if you wanted to be a community bank, and you didn't want to deal with derivatives and interconnectivity, all you wanted to do was lend money so people in your neighborhood could buy cars and houses, maybe there could be a different system that would be set up for you at a higher level of capital. Do you have any thoughts as to what that level might be?    Mr. Mulvaney. But there are certain things that immediately will become surplusage if I had 15 percent capital, right? Such as what?    Mr. Mulvaney. Fair enough. Mr. Silvers, I am going to take advantage of the fact that I am here and nobody else is, which is a lot of fun. What do you think of that? It is probably the first you have heard of it. What are your thoughts? And again, I am committing a cardinal sin here, I am asking a question that I don't know the answer to. But I would be curious to know what the Democrat witness thinks of, basically that kind of idea. I'm not asking you to support it or oppose it, I'm just curious as to your thoughts.    Mr. Mulvaney. And for lay people, which includes me, the risk weighting bias might for example encourage banks to hold sovereign debt versus corporate, is that right?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. That is interesting. I wish you were here yesterday. We just had a hearing on the SIFI designation of bright-line rule of $50 billion, and it would have been interesting to have that insight.    Mr. Mulvaney. But the simple fact they are $50 billion doesn't make them so.    Mr. Mulvaney. Gentlemen, just to show you who actually runs the place, I am the only Member of Congress here and I am being told by staff on both sides that I have to stop now.    And I will respect it because it comes from the Democrat staff--if it was coming from these folks I would ignore them. But I will close by saying this. Dr. Calabria and Mr. Silvers, the other gentleman, I am sorry I didn't get a chance to ask you gentlemen the same question because I would be curious to know what your thoughts are.    But Mr. Hill, Mr. Schweikert, and I have a bill that at least starts to try and begin a conversation about an alternative banking system, something that would operate outside of Dodd-Frank and be different for different types of banks, smaller, simpler banks.    And don't be surprised if you get something from our offices in the next couple of days to ask you to weigh in on that because I am very curious to know what a lot of folks think about it. So I appreciate your time.    With that, we are going to recess for a few minutes. The second vote has not started yet. So my guess is as soon as the second vote starts, you will see people starting to trickle back in. I cannot imagine we will be in recess longer than 10 minutes.    So if you gentlemen would like to take a break, this is a really good time, and we will stay in recess for approximately--until, let's call it 2:00. Thanks, gentlemen.    