    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Madam Chair. And this has been a very informative hearing. Yesterday, we had a hearing on Iran as well. Mr. Deputy Secretary, do you believe Iran is present and active in the Western Hemisphere?    Mr. Duncan. Do you believe their influence is steady? Do you think it is increasing, as General Kelly may say, or do you believe it is not?    Mr. Duncan. The State Department report that came out in 2013 says that the Iranian threat in the Western Hemisphere is waning. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Duncan. Okay. If Iran is--is Iran still on the state sponsor of terrorists list?    Mr. Duncan. Okay. So they are still aiding and abetting terrorist organizations like Hezbollah all over the world, correct?    Mr. Duncan. Okay. What is going to--what is going to change with this agreement with regard to their being on the state sponsor of terrorists list, as of the administration?    Mr. Duncan. So we are negotiating with a country that is not willing to quit exporting terrorist items to terrorist organizations that could threaten the United States and its friends and allies, right?    Mr. Duncan. Iran has continually violated past obligations with regards to sanctions and sanctions relief and all of that. What is to make us think that they are not going to violate this?    Mr. Duncan. But it is not legally binding on us. Do you--will you all of a sudden think it is going to be legally binding on them?    Mr. Duncan. How do you think they--how do you think they view that statement?    Mr. Duncan. North Korea has the same sanctions and they violated those and they have the bomb now.    Mr. Duncan. I think pressure works. I think the sanctions worked. I think Mr. Szubin talked about some of the repercussions of that.    Now, let me move on. In April 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry said that the Obama administration will consult with Congress about sanctions relief contained in a final agreement and he said, well--and this is his quote: ``Well, of course, we would be obligated under the law,'' he said, adding ``What we do will have to pass muster with Congress. We well understand that.''    Yet, the Secretary's testimony in the Senate last week, excuse me--Deputy Secretary Blinken said and Under Secretary Cohen indicated that the Obama administration would not submit a potential agreement to Congress for a vote. Instead, the administration will sign what is termed a political agreement.    So What is the difference between what Secretary Kerry said in 2014 and what is being said by the administration now?    Mr. Duncan. Okay.    Madam chair, I don't have a whole lot of other questions.    Mr. Duncan. A lot them I asked. Thank you. I yield back.