    Ms. Patterson. Thank you, Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting us to appear before you today to discuss the President's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request. We appreciate the subcommittee's continued support and congratulate its initiatives, most recently, for the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015.    The Middle East and North Africa present the most demanding challenges to U.S. foreign policy and to our national security. As you know, the administration's highest priority continues to be the safety and security of the American people and the American homeland. This is why we are leading the global coalition that will defeat ISIL, are actively engaged in supporting the cessation of hostilities and political negotiations in Syria, and are advancing peace in Yemen and Libya. Each of these conflicts poses its own unique challenges to our national security with the potential for serious economic repercussions.    Continued full implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action will ensure Iran's nuclear program remains exclusively peaceful. Nevertheless, we remain deeply concerned about Iran's destabilizing activities.    The President's foreign assistance request for the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs is $7.3 billion. This includes $3.1 billion to support our enduring commitment to Israel's security, $1.5 billion for bilateral cooperation with Egypt to advance our national and regional security interests, and $1 billion to continue our strategic partnership with Jordan on issues ranging from countering violent extremism to advancing Middle East peace.    In the coming year, potential openings in Yemen and Libya further highlight how we must work to support U.S. engagement. We must be poised to further our relationship with the Libyan Government of National Accord as it works to reunite the country, revive the living economy, and confront ISIL. In Yemen, we must help the Yemenis reestablish governance, reclaim space from AQAP, and counter a growing ISIL threat, as well as revise their badly-damaged economy.    Our capacity to react quickly in changing environments like these will require your continued support and flexibility. However, we cannot focus on crises alone. There are examples of success in the region, and it is in our long-term interest to invest strategically.    In Tunisia, we see a burgeoning democracy in need of our support, and in Morocco our strong partnership spans from security cooperation to addressing economic challenges. This budget provides the resources to support U.S. engagement with both Morocco and Tunisia.    As part of our efforts to degrade and defeat ISIL, the U.S. is leading a coalition of 66 states and organizations. The request also includes funding to provide training and equipment to forces fighting ISIL, help stabilize communities liberating from ISIL and Syria and Iraq, strengthens our regional partners, and supports a political solution to the Syrian civil war.    For Iraq, the FY17 request includes $510 million, an increase over previous years, largely to provide increased economic assistance to stabilize the Iraqi economy and maintain critical security assistance.    In Syria, the request of nearly $239 million will provide support to the moderate Syrian opposition to help achieve a political solution and counter extremist threats, including from ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra.    In Jordan, we remain a strong supporter of the government's efforts to maintain security, stability, and prosperity, particularly in light of the crises on Jordan's border.    And in Lebanon, we are supporting their efforts to cope with the spillover effects of the crisis in Syria.    Our request also represents our firm commitment to working with Israel and other regional partners to counter Iran's destabilizing activities in the region. Let me assure you that Israel's security remains a top priority for the administration. It is critical for both the Israelis and the Palestinians that steps are taken to promote stability. So, we are requesting $364 million in foreign assistance to support the Palestinian people with programs to bolster economic development, improve health and education, and enhance security on the ground.    In Egypt, we have long enjoyed a strategic relationship which furthers our national interests. Nonetheless, we continue to press the Egyptians about our concerns regarding their human rights record.    Madam Chairman, I also want to stress the importance of our regional programs. They not only complement our ongoing bilateral assistance, but they are also a tool for advancing our interests.    The Middle East Partnership Initiative furthers U.S. engagement with civil society across the region. It empowers women, fosters entrepreneurship, engages at-risk youth, and develops the capacity of local organizations.    I want to thank this subcommittee for your ongoing support as we continue to advance our interests in the Middle East. I look forward to answering your questions.    Thank you.    Ms. Patterson. Madam Chairman, let me answer this question this way: This administration, there was an article in the newspaper a few days ago that this administration has been the most vigorous in history in pursuing and protecting Israel's interest in the United Nations system. And I can speak to that from personal experience, both at the Security Council and the GA and in the specialized agencies.    I can't say without seeing a resolution--and we are familiar with this resolution----    Ms. Patterson. No, it is no hypothetical.    Ms. Patterson. But it has not been introduced into the Security Council.    Ms. Patterson. A draft exists and----    Ms. Patterson. And I haven't personally seen it, but it hasn't been introduced into----    Ms. Patterson. Madam Chairman, all I can say is I think the administration's record on this is pretty clear. It is very clear----    Ms. Patterson. And we have defended Israel vigorously. So, I can't say without seeing the resolution because, like most things----    Ms. Patterson. Well, thank you. Thank you, Chairman Royce.    No, I didn't know that. What I was basing that on was my own discussions with Palestinian members who said they had been phasing it out for financial and the other reasons that you discuss. And I totally agree with you that this is an egregious practice.    But let me also stress, Mr. Chairman, that I think our assistance to the Palestinian Authority does many beneficial things in maintaining security and promoting entrepreneurship and promoting better health standards and infrastructure development, and is absolutely essential for the stability in this part of the world.    So, we will continue to press them on this issue, which I entirely agree with you is an unacceptable one.    Ms. Patterson. Yes. Yes, sir.    Ms. Patterson. We will certainly take that up with----    Ms. Patterson. No, we will certainly talk to our European colleagues.    There is a point, another point, I would like to make, Mr. Chairman. None of our money goes to this. It is not fungible in that respect. Our money goes essentially to pay PA Authority debts to Israel and to other creditors. So, the budget relief, the budget support that you see in the budget goes to creditors and cannot be diverted to these stipends.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Chairman, rest assured that this will be a subject of discussion with the rest of the donor community. We see Europeans and other donors all the time. And rest assured your points will be conveyed with our full concurrence.    Ms. Patterson. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Yes, this was a very, very unfortunate occurrence. The Secretary has been on the phone with the King and with his counterpart, Foreign Minister Mezouar. And we have tried to do everything possible to basically help them restore relations, because, again, a very unfortunate incident between the U.N. and the Government of Morocco.    Morocco is one of our strongest allies. They are a critical partner in the counterterrorism field. They have made very significant advances in governance and human rights. We very much value our relationship.    The resolution, Madam Chairman, hasn't been drafted. We are discussing that in the administration. We certainly will take your views into account, and I stress the----    Ms. Patterson. The timeline for the resolution, I think we have a few more weeks. Thank you. But we will talking with the committee.    Ms. Patterson. Yes. Thank you.    Secretary Lu said to the Council on Foreign Relations--and let me repeat that and make it very clear--Iran will not have access to the American financial system. I think there was some confusion about this in the financial press.    But let me say that we do want to carry out our commitments under the JCPOA, and companies have not done business in Iran for a long time and they need to get comfortable with the prospects of this nuclear deal remaining in effect. So, our colleagues in Treasury and other agencies are talking to businesses. They come to visit us in the State Department because our sanctions policy is very complex, so we try to explain how they can do business in Iran, should they wish to do so.    But let me say that, while Iran so far has followed the letter of the agreement, they also need to send signals to the business community that they are not going to engage in provocative behavior. When, as Mr. Wilson said, Iran is sending weapons to the Houthis in Iran and when they are helping out Hezbollah, when they are shooting off ballistic missiles, this raises concern in the business community about the safety and security of their investment. So, Iran needs to understand what a financially-successful country does, that you need to provide a safe and secure environment for businesses. So, that is also at play here.    Ms. Patterson. I think so, Mr. Deutch, because I, frankly, was in a meeting where this was discussed. And one leading financial newspaper, I think, was in the forefront of this. I think there has been outreach to sort of clear up this issue.    Ms. Patterson. Could I first say about the ballistic missiles, first, we are pursuing this at the U.N. We are imposing sanctions. And critically, I think, we are helping our Gulf partners increase their capacity to handle this ballistic missile problem, which they are, of course, the most vulnerable to Iran's ballistic missiles.    On the pledges on Syria, I think there has been considerable improvement in the compliance with the pledges, but it is certainly not perfect. And we are in a very constant dialog with the other donors on this to encourage them. I will get you the figures later in the afternoon.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Deutch, the number we use is somewhere between 250,000 and 300,000, which I appreciate lacks specificity. But it is hard to access some of these areas. For instance, mass graves exist. I don't think we really will know until this conflict is over.    But let me also say that that is why it is so important this cessation of hostilities holds. Violence has dropped very significantly. There are still areas of very intense conflict, but throughout most of the country violence is down. So, the most important thing we can do now with Syria is try to maintain that ceasefire in place.    Ms. Patterson. They can use the dollar offshore. I mean, they can access, if a bank in Malaysia holds dollars and trades with a bank in India, yes, they could use dollars.    Ms. Patterson. I don't believe so, sir, but I will have to check on that.    Ms. Patterson. I don't know, sir. This is at an extraordinarily technical level, and I will get somebody up here who knows this subject backward and forward to talk to you.    Ms. Patterson. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, I will find out.    Ms. Patterson. This is, as you probably know, a subject of constant dialog with us and the Palestinian Authority. We have many discussions about this.    On the issue of the single payroll, I was a little surprised at that, but we have many discussions with Minister Bashar, the Minister of Finance of the Palestinian Authority. I honestly would not expect that to be a problem, but we will look into this.    Ms. Patterson. Well, no, sir, because we think that our program for Palestinian Authority is absolutely necessary, all elements of it, and particularly the advances they have made in development of the police and the justice system and the humanitarian relief that is going both into Gaza and the West Bank. But, as I say, we discuss this with them. We take it up with them. There are always in all these assistance programs conflicting priorities, but I would just stress how important this program is for overall stability in the region.    Ms. Patterson. The State Department's position, the administration's position for many long years has been that the Muslim Brotherhood is not a terrorist organization and that they denounced violence many years ago. I can't remember the exact year, but they denounced violence many years ago. They are a legitimate political party in a number of countries in the Middle East.    Ms. Patterson. I am sure that some elements of the Muslim Brotherhood as well as many other parties are involved with terrorists, of course. There may be individual members who are involved. But, as an organization, they denounced terrorism many years ago. I haven't seen the most recent version of the legislation, so I couldn't comment on that.    Ms. Patterson. Of course it is an Islamist organization. It is based and it is the oldest of the Islamist organizations and, of course, it advocates, and did in Egypt and elsewhere, has a preference, of course, for Sharia law over what we would call typical civil law. So, of course, it is an Islamist organization.    Ms. Patterson. Congressman, I think you will find that the administration in all these budget documents has removed most of those restrictions because, of course, the administration, as I mentioned in my oral statement, wants the maximum flexibility to implement its programs. So, I wouldn't comment, but I will comment, of course, Egypt's human rights situation is of great concern to us. There have certainly been reverses, significant reverses, in the past few months. So, yes, we are very concerned about that, but I wouldn't read the removal of that as a comment on the administration's view of Egypt's human rights.    Ms. Patterson. I think the budget supports countering Iran's influence in the region in several ways. One is to strengthen Iraq, and you notice a very substantial increase in our budget for Iraq. So, they are certainly running an influence in Iraq that we need to counter, a malign influence.    In Yemen, we have asked for a substantial amount. We also have a good pipeline with Yemen. But it is very important to get the Iranians out of Yemen and, to do that, we have to have process and, then, strengthen the government, so it can counter Iranian influence.    I might also add that we are very active with our GCC partners in strengthening their capacity through maritime, through cybersecurity, through ballistic missile defense, through improved special forces activities. They pay for most of this themselves. It isn't reflected in the budget. But we are engaged in a very active dialog. The President is going to Riyadh next week to talk to them in more detail about this.    Then, finally, sir, our Navy and Armed Forces are very active in this. There have been, for instance, four interdictions of Iranian weapons going to Yemen in the past few weeks. So, this is a very high priority for our military colleagues operating in the Gulf.    Ms. Patterson. On the MOU with Israel, there have been a number of meetings, very intense and long meetings with the Israelis about this. They were extremely useful in giving us a good picture of Israel's security needs. As the chairman said, they are certainly more acute over the next few years. So, we have had a lot of intensive discussions. I honestly don't know if we are going to finish this before the end of the administration because it is hard, and there are a lot of issues underway.    Let me also stress, Madam Chairman, that protection of QME is a centerpiece of this. There is no doubt that that is going to be rigorously observed. So, I don't know if we are finished. There are lots of financial implications. There are implications on sourcing of materials. But we are working hard on this. It is a very high priority for the administration.    And you asked, sir, about Syria. We have asked for additional resources for Syria. Some of it will go into rebuilding. We have a fund. We have a multinational donor fund for rebuilding. It has about $100 million in it. That is probably going to be a drop in the bucket. But our efforts through Turkey to support the moderate opposition--for instance, we have managed to keep 30,000 civil servants and teachers and policemen employed through all this. We have given grants to local councils. We managed in some places to keep health clinics open, even in places that were overrun by ISIL. So, we have asked for an increase in Syria, and we hope that these mechanisms will provide at least some kind of baseline for rebuilding Syria.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Issa, we are, as you probably know, concerned about some of the same issues that you have raised, particularly about the safety of American and other----    Ms. Patterson . And our allies, the Colombians, the Fijians, the others that work with us there----    Ms. Patterson . Who have bravely for many years. So, we are discussing a reconfiguration plan that would reduce the risk to our personnel and still maintain the necessary monitoring through better technology and other instruments that have evolved over the past few decades.    I think the Israelis and Egyptians may not quite see it that way, that the mandate is outmoded. And there were, in fact, when I was there, some events that required sort of the traditional role of MFO to take care of.    But I thought your idea was an interesting one. I think it is contrary to sort of the mandate of MFO, that it would stay there as a peacekeeper, but I think it is an interesting idea. Let me say that.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Issa, let me say, we entirely agree with you about the status quo. This is, frankly, unsustainable. And since you were there a year ago, the security situation has deteriorated. So, a mandate that needs modernization I think is fair to say and a force configuration that needs a reassessment to minimize risk, if nothing else. As you know, security cooperation between the Israelis and the Egyptians, particularly in the Sinai, has never been better.    Ms. Patterson. Thank you, Madam Chair. I will get back to you on that. I think that that is right; they were on a trip around the United States to suitable museums. And at some point they would go back to Iraq under proper security and appreciation for their historic value. But let me get back to you on exactly where they are now.