    Mr. Issa. The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time. We welcome everyone here today for a hearing on H.R. 1057, the ``Promoting Automotive Repair, Trade, and Sales Act of 2015,'' otherwise known as the PARTS Act. I will now recognize myself for an opening statement.    This afternoon's hearing is about an important piece of pro-consumer legislation, the PARTS Act. It is narrowly focused and designed to once and for all call, appropriately, attention to the use of ornamental patents for broader than their original purpose. For a great many years, patents, known as design patents, were clearly understood to be ornamental, meaning if someone were to duplicate the appearance of a patented product, they would be violating that look for a period of 14 years. Under the PARTS Act, this is a limited bill. It relates only to car parts that are typically replaced after collision, and it allows a limited exemption to the design patents so the aftermarket parts of like use, of form, fit, and quality can be available for basic repairs.    This does not mean that marginal or low quality parts are by definition to be considered as acceptable. In no way, shape, or form is this about the quality, as we all know, and we know too well, automobile companies around the world have made magnificent automobiles. They also made the Pinto, the Vega, the Yugo, the Lada, and I need not go on to tell you there have been cars that have been shoddy in their manufacturer, unreliable, and yes, I have visited the Corvair Museum. There are cars with other notability. But in this case, we are simply creating a balance between the rights of the manufacturer to produce an ornamental design and protect it for a period of 14 years from its competitors, people who would produce a similar automobile look. That is the intent of a design patent. It was never intended to be, in fact, a substitute for the ability to simply repair a portion of something you have purchased.    Now, let's understand the automobile industry is unique. They do create rolling pieces of art. Those rolling pieces of art should, in fact, enjoy their distinctive advantage. However, it is notable that it is very seldom does General Motors sue Toyota, Toyota sue Honda, or any of them sue Mercedes when they make cars that are so close together that even their commercials find it hard to find the automobile that matches. They make fun of how similar cars look and yet, you do not see automobile patent suits related to their design patents, meaning the auto companies do not consider there to be a great value to the design patents when they are looking at similar designs between automobile companies. Having said that, the very lucrative auto aftermarket business related to collision parts is an area in which the auto companies have attempted to establish greater and greater exclusivity. And I support that exclusivity, but for a limited period of time. The PARTS Act is intended, recognizing that an automobile exceeds $30,000, and one would spend three or four times that if you were to buy it in parts from the manufacturer that in fact, instead of pounding out a fender, welding or bondoing it, an affordable replacement in a competitive market is in the best interest of safety, and of course, the consumer.    Additionally, a healthy aftermarket means more affordable parts for everyone, and particularly in the case of small production, or out of date older automobiles, or automobiles that are no longer produced, such as the Saturn or the DeLorean, or for that matter, the 1965 Mustang. These parts, without the PARTS Act, if a healthy aftermarket industry does not exist, will not and are not typically made at an affordable price by the manufacturer. Manufacturers do not want to have a lifetime responsibility to keep a set of tooling to make a part. If they did, certainly they would be a desirable place for the classic car repair business. People in Europe already enjoy some of the considerations that are in the PARTS Act, and for a good reason. The consumer has an expectation that it is, and a reasonable expectation, that there will be a competitive market for repair parts for their automobile. There certainly is for brake pads. Why would there not be for a bent fender? I look forward to working with people on both sides of the aisle, and on both sides of this issue to ensure we make the kind of limited, narrow, and appropriate changes to the patent law to allow automobiles to be repaired, while in fact protecting the intellectual property of the auto manufacturer or any other original equipment producer now or in the future.    Mr. Issa. I look forward to our witnesses today, and I look forward to working with the Chairman and Ranking Member on this area as we move forward with the PARTS Act and it gets signed into law. I now would like to recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee.    Mr. Nadler from New York, for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. We now go to the gentleman from Michigan, the home of most, but not automobiles.    Mr. Issa. Oh, yes, but Cleveland rocks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. I now ask unanimous consent that the Chairman of the full Committee, Chairman Goodlatte's opening statement be placed in the record. Without objection, so ordered. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Issa. Today, we have a distinguished panel before us, two witnesses for the bill, two witnesses who are skeptical, as the Ranking Member said. The witnesses' opening statements or written statements have been entered into the record in its entirety, and I ask please for you each to summarize in approximately 5 minutes. If you can stay within the time, it will allow us not only to get through your opening statements, but through a robust set of questions from this side of the dais, and still adjourn before our votes, which will come some time probably shortly after 5.    Before I introduce the witnesses, and pursuant to the Committee's rule, would all four of you please rise to take the oath? And please raise your right hands.    Please be seated. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. Our witnesses today include Mr. Jack Gillis, director of public affairs for Consumer Federation of America; Ms. Kelly Burris, intellectual property attorney and owner of Burris Law Firm, PLLC; Ms. Pat Felder, owner and founder of Felder's Collision Parts. And which city in Louisiana, ma'am?    Mr. Issa. Baton Rouge. I love to just say that. That is such a pretty, pretty city. And Mr. Dan Risley, president of the Automotive Service Association. Again, your entire written statements will be placed in the record, and Mr. Gillis, you are first up.    Mr. Issa. I am afraid, Mr. Gillis, for the record, if you could either turn on your mic, or pull it closer, or both.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Ms. Burris?    Mr. Issa. Thank you, and I will mention that I had to get on three airplanes, one after another, and get off of them before I finally got on the plane that brought me here, so I feel groundhog is with us. Ms. Felder?    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Mr. Risley.    Mr. Issa. We are going to need you just a little closer to the microphone.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. I thank you. We have a number of Members that have to go to the floor, so what I am going to do is I am going to take the liberty of, without objection, calling on Members that must leave for the floor out of order. If anyone objects, please let me know. Otherwise, I am going to try to accommodate Members that I know have to leave. With that, I will go to my Ranking Member, Mr. Nadler, first.    Mr. Issa. I very much thank you for your comments and input. At this time, I would like to ask unanimous consent that the following documents be placed in the record. The statement by Robert L. Lyon, president and CEO of Rockingham Group, and others.<greek-l>1 deg. Without objections, so ordered. And a second document, ``Aftermarket Shock: The High Cost of Auto Parts Protectionism,'' by Brian Garst, 2016.<greek-l>2 deg. Without objection, so ordered. Additionally, I will ask that design patent number 352685,<greek-l>3 deg. dated 1994, and design patent 345317,<greek-l>4 deg. March 22, 1994, be placed in the record, and I will note I was the designer of those and may just choose to ask questions on that. And with that, I would like to go to Mr. Collins, who also has to go to the floor.    Mr. Issa. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Issa. I know you have to go, but before you go, I will just mention for example those two fenders that are down front. We brought them in for a reason. One is live, one is Memorex. Unless you look at the label, you probably will not notice the difference.    Mr. Issa. Absolutely, absolutely. The gentlelady from Louisiana can help you.    Mr. Issa. But one of the things that we are going to dig into as we go further into the bill is that were these thousands, tens of thousands of design patents evaluated based on not the ornamental entirety, but the ornamental pieces, then the rules of distinct ornamental nature would have to be searched by the PTO, by the examiners, and this is one of the tests they currently do not do. In other words, when a certain car looks a lot like another car and then a particular part looks a whole lot like another part, at what point is it novel and new? And this is one of the challenges of--this is design. This legislation is designed not to take on the hard part of making the patent office evaluate the distinct nature of a mirror or other parts, so we will get into more of it, but I wanted to make sure that your concerns were allied, that we are not--allayed, that we are not planning on----    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Well, I apologize, but that colloquy exceeds by far the Ranking Members' time, so we will give you time, but not at this moment. Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Issa. Without objection, and I would stop the clock. I apologize. The gentleman has to leave. I just wanted to let him if he had anything to say, since he has been very patient. If you have something, I did not mean to cut you off.    Mr. Issa. Well, you and your family will be in our prayers, and thank you very much for being here today.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, and we will now go to the gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Issa. Of course.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. We will now go to the gentleman from New York. I am going to do cleanup so, you know, hang around, though.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. I am going to try and get through a lot of questions quickly. Ms. Burris, I am going to go through a couple with you because you made some interesting points, and I want to make sure we get them in the record. First of all, you made the point about 30 months not necessarily being 30 months. If it was 30 months from the first sale, would that make a difference to you in the legislation, since you said they would not get 30 months? If they got 30 months, in other words, from first sale, would that matter to you?    Mr. Issa. Okay, so the fact that it is not--your concern is you want 14 years. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. Well, that is what Congress made.    Mr. Issa. Okay, how long is the patent on a dress?    Mr. Issa. How long is the patent on a dress?    Mr. Issa. If a designer does a gown?    Mr. Issa. How long is the patent?    Mr. Issa. And that is something the United States did not have. We tried to have design legislation for dresses for years, right?    Mr. Issa. Okay.    Mr. Issa. The gentleman who once sat right here, Mr. Berman and I coauthored a bill to actually create a patent for designers, which they had in Europe and we did not. So let me get through a couple of quick questions. First of all, if we made it 14 years, you would be happy, is that right?    Mr. Issa. No, no. Just answer the question because you are here representing companies. You have talked about a lot beyond the scope of patents.    Mr. Issa. You have talked about the auto companies, and you--but you have included a lot of material that it clearly came outside of patent law. Would you be happy with 14 years' exclusivity?    Mr. Issa. Yeah, the current law.    Mr. Issa. Okay. Okay, but you are not happy with 30 months.    Mr. Issa. Okay, so we are arguing over your level of happiness based on length. Let's go through a few of these points. What about the fact that auto companies change their designs, and they change the arbitrarily for design reasons? Do you think a patent should go on even though a car is out of production? They are no longer making that vehicle. Do you think that should trigger any change in it?    Mr. Issa. Okay, is there anything that would cause you not to simply want greater exclusivity for the auto manufacturer?    Mr. Issa. No, ma'am, I appreciate that, but I just want to know if your position is that you like the fact that as the auto companies are currently pushing the law through litigation, and particularly through the International Trade Commission, which is not an Article 3 court, they are trying to gain exclusivity for 15 years for each and every part of an automobile, and as they are increasing that and suing to get it, you are fine with that, right?    Mr. Issa. Okay, well, let's go through a fairly straightforward thing. Ms. Felder, you are an expert in the auto parts industry. You know about fenders and bumpers and so on. Now, you have got really good people, I am sure, in your company that deliver those pars, right?    Mr. Issa. How often do they confuse the wrong part if they do not check the number closely because these fenders all look alike, and a lot of these parts look alike, right?    Mr. Issa. Yeah, but that is not the standard for design patent. Ms. Burris, you have two patents in front of you. Looking at the siren patent that is in front of you, the one on the right, does it look like a siren?    Mr. Issa. Okay, let's be----    Mr. Issa. Okay.    Mr. Issa. Now, there is a limitation on what that patent means under the law, right? The law, the law that you are so pleased with as it currently is, there is a limitation on that patent. What is the limitation of that patent? What does somebody get if they apply for that patent and receive it in 1994?    Mr. Issa. Right, from date of issue of the old law. And so that is an exclusivity in its entirety, correct?    Mr. Issa. If it is substantially different but looks similar, it still--it is not patented, right?    Mr. Issa. Yeah, exactly, somebody can make an extremely similar product. As a matter of fact, that is similar to the sirens manufactured by every single auto security company and home security company in the world in that period of time. They pretty much all look the same, so what you really had there was a very narrow patent. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. Okay, well, this brings up the point. What should be the standard, if not this legislation, which gives absolutely exclusivity and does not raise the test for these parts? What should be the test when a fender is basically very similar previous fender? In other words, if you have nothing--and I will go to Mr. Gillis because I have left him out--if the auto companies are in fact consistently adding a line, taking away a line, putting in a line, making a change, making it rounder, making it squarer, at what point should the patent office look back 50 years, even 100 years because the auto industry is now over 100 years old, and hold them to a high standard of whether or not the ornateness of that subpart of an automobile, not the entire automobile, but that subpart--is in fact de minimis over the prior art and thus not worthy of a design patent?    Mr. Issa. Ms. Burris, you are not as old as I am, so I am going to ask, are you familiar with the history of Xerox and other photocopy companies who have tried to design their products to prohibit people from essentially making the consumable parts that go into them?    Mr. Issa. Okay.    Mr. Issa. So the ability to have, if you will, quiet enjoyment of something you paid for, which includes the ability to, if you will, get toner with competition, you are familiar with that and you are comfortable with that. Is that right?    Mr. Issa. But they do not get design patent protection. They only get utility to the extent that they have to.    Mr. Issa. Well, you are familiar that there are aftermarket products available for your copy machine and----    Mr. Issa. I am sure you can always make a fender that does not match the other fender.    Mr. Issa. The left to the right.    Mr. Issa. Right. Not very desirable. First sale concept, Mr. Gillis. Your position, I assume, is that even though we are trying to find legislation that accommodates middle ground, that in fact when you purchase something and you get a ding in it, and you have a choice of pound it out, put some Bondo in it and hope for the best, or replace it, that you should be able to buy a replacement part from anywhere you want since it is only a subcomponent of that patented or unpatented product that you bought and paid for. Is that right?    Mr. Issa. And your point being that if I want to put a new manifold on, they are not bothering to patent that under design patent, and yet they do want to have the part that gets hit in a fender bender.    Mr. Issa. Ms. Felder, the Chairman has indicated in his opening statement, and I know you did not get to hear him present it, but that he is open and he wants to continue with this legislation and begin, you know, finding, if you will, legitimate concerns and seeing if we cannot address them. Let me ask a question for you, and this is a question from one former business person to a current businesswoman. One of the things you mentioned in these exclusive settlements is, in fact, that you cannot produce or find a producer of a product, even if they are QS9000, ISO qualified, they are making a certified part. The fact is, they cannot get a license from the auto company, but somebody did, right? So as a businesswoman, if the auto companies like the music producers and the--and so on had a compulsory license where they had to allow anyone to get a license to use, if you will, that, would that be something where at least you would see an even playing field where you pay the $2.50 for the license on the fender, but competition can find 10 different people to produce a product and have real competition on how it is distributed and how it gets to you and whether it is competitive?    Mr. Issa. This is a business question----    Mr. Issa . Not would we not love to have $2.50 in licensing fees in a product?    Mr. Issa. And I apologize, but there is a vote on the floor, so I still have to answer the bell, so if you could wrap it up, please.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Mr. Gillis, I will let you do the close. Right to repair. It is talked about a lot. It is gaining speed around the world. Notwithstanding questions as to patents, both utility and design, do you believe that it should be an open market for quality certified products to be able to have access to licensing fees so as to provide a real market and not a monopoly?    Mr. Issa. Well, there will be more to follow. I would encourage all of you to, if you will, revise and extend, if you have thoughts on things that were not asked and you would like to submit them. My expectation is that the Chairman and I will work on future hearings, including with the Patent and Trademark Office. I want to thank you for your kindness in waiting for a little later time today. That helped a great many of us work around our schedule, and with that the hearing stands adjourned.