    Ms. Jorge. Thank you, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to submit a statement to the committee on opportunities for driving international development through increasing women's access to technology.    This issue is critical if we are to achieve the United Nation's Sustainable Development Goals, agreed in September of this year. The United States can and should play a leading role in driving this agenda forward. The Alliance for Affordable Internet, A4AI, is the world's broadest technology sector alliance working to reduce the cost of broadband in developing countries, and through high-level advocacy and direct in-country engagement. The over 80 members or organizations of the alliance identify, research, and advocate for the policy and regulatory reforms needed to bring prices down and increase access to the Internet.    The incredible growth of ICTs over the past decade has transformed Internet access into a force that is critical for sustainable global development. Indeed, President Obama declared earlier this year: ``The Internet is not a luxury. It is a necessity.'' Research has shown the benefits of broadband penetration. Investing in increasing broadband penetration in developing countries could lead to a return on investment of up to $21 for each $1 spent. Of course, the benefits of connectivity go far beyond the economic, bringing better health care to rural, conflict-affected, and other underserved areas, helping farmers cope with climate change, and connecting millions of children and young people to free online courses and learning materials. E-governance and social media are enabling citizens to participate more actively in civic life, while also streamlining delivery of public services, a move that, in Africa alone, could result in technology-related productivity gains of $10 billion to $25 billion annually by 2025.    Today, over 60 percent of the world's population, equivalent to 4.3 billion people, as was already said, remain offline, and these billions of people excluded from the life-changing possibilities of the Internet are predominantly female, and nearly all in the developing world. Mobile broadband, the primary means by which most citizens in the developing world access the Internet, has been critical for expanding Internet access. Mobile broadband across the developed world is widely spread with penetration rates reaching nearly 90 percent. Yet, this rate dropped to about 17 percent in Africa. This digital divide exacerbates existing economic and social inequalities, and stifles development across the globe by keeping women and other marginalized populations, those who arguably stand the most to benefit from an online connection, from accessing the empowering potential of the Web.    While an entry-level broadband connection costs about 1 percent of monthly incomes across the developed world, it costs about 10 percent for most in developing countries, and can reach over 100 percent of their incomes in many countries.    High prices hit certain groups harder. Excuse me, high prices hit certain groups harder than others, and income inequalities mask the true scale of the problem in many countries. For billions living in poverty, earning less than $2 a day, the cost of a basic broadband connection is prohibitive. Women are nearly 50 percent less likely to access the Internet than men in the same community. The Web Foundation study found that women are 30 to 50 percent less likely than men to use the Internet to increase their income, or to participate in public life. We need to change that. We need to change the gender gap. We need to work together to change the conditions in which women can have access to the Internet.    Skills and relevance are also another barrier important to address. To boost economic growth, empower democratic governance, and advance global development, cannot be overlooked as a key component of U.S. foreign policy, and there is a huge potential for the Internet to have a role in that space. Here are some concrete actions that the U.S. Government can support and invest in: Support policy reform, based on inclusive multi-stakeholder processes that will lead to market growth and lower costs; coordinate broadband expansion strategies with development in the energy sector; invest in International Telecommunications Union, a U.N. agency, that does efforts to expand collection of gender indicators and support national statistics agencies to do the same; support the development of inclusive and holistic national ICT and broadband plans, that address all aspects of the access and use ecosystem; recognize barriers faced by women, and ensure privacy and safety online; education programs and consumer campaigns to increase awareness of the utility of the Internet, as well as training on basic skills and safety online will be critical to ensuring women can access and fully utilize a safe and open Web without any fear of retaliation. Incorporate digital skills education into education programs from primary school onwards. And finally, develop and support programs that provide public access and to target underserved populations.    I look forward to our discussion here today and your questions. And I thank you again for this opportunity.    Ms. Jorge. Thank you. So I am sure that everyone has something to share on that. I think one of the most important things to recognize, and a study by my colleagues at the Web Foundation just found this clearly through very in-depth research in 10 countries across the developing world, is that the realities and the inequalities that exist offline are normally transferred to the online world, including the challenges, the difficulties, the norms, tend to be duplicated online. And what we are doing the way we work, is to ensure that, first of all, that is not the case. And that the kind of policies, the kind of programs, the kinds of projects to empower women, not just through access, but the way they adopt, the way they use technology, first of all, are safe, but also are informed by policies that will protect women to do that safely, but always giving them the voice that they need, as women, to express freely and in an open way. And that is very important.    So it is important that we have the right programs in place to not only support, to protect women, but it is not just about the online world. That is just a replication of the huge inequalities that around the world we need to deal with as well as in the offline world. So it leads us to think about are there disparities that we know exist, that Geena already mentioned, that Joyce mentioned in terms of education, in terms of the STEM fields, in terms of a woman's ability to have access to information, to understand their rights.    In many countries in the developing world, the ability of women to understand and to use and act on their rights is very limited. And one thing that the online world and access to technology can do is allow women much faster and good access to information that they otherwise wouldn't have.    And so in that way, we can use online platforms and the Web and technology to not only increase women's ability to have more access to information, understand their rights, act on their rights, and have more support to have their own agency as women in their own societies.    Ms. Jorge. Thank you. I totally agree with my colleague witnesses. I would like to say that, you know, if you look at some of the recommendations that many of us have already made at this table, they very much lead to exactly that question. How do we change that? And how do we, through education, through targeted programs and projects that are addressing some of those inequalities, change that, those ideas, but also that reality, and allow women to express and to have new opportunities that they otherwise wouldn't have? And technology can have a role in that. So I would say that by bringing access that is meaningful, that is relevant to women's lives, that is relevant for them as economic agents, as social agents, as creators, as Geena mentioned, is extremely important. And women need to be supported to have those opportunities.    Often, as we know, and in this country, we are very fortunate, but we are not at all at the point where we are supposed to be yet. Many programs, as you know, also in this country have supported women from embarking on STEM fields. And that is something that is also very needed everywhere; not just through the profession, but especially through cultural and social environments as well where some of these differences, the lack of role models, the lack of opportunities, have really kept women back. And we have a responsibility, not just as gender advocates, as I assume we all are, and I assume all of you are in this committee, to create opportunities for many more women to have those opportunities in their lives, being social agents, economic agents, as creators, whatever those women decide for their own lives. And that is really important. It is also their choice.    We are here to create and we want to create opportunities for women to be able to act on the choice that they have with technology, however they would like to use it. But we need to make it relevant. We need to make it informed. We need to make the technology useful and meaningful. If we don't do that, we fail at what we are doing.    Ms. Jorge. Yes, it is, indeed, and education is a key variable that determines how women not only engage with technology, but use it in a way that is meaningful. So not just for receivers of information, a one-channel way of receiving information, but actually acting on the information that they can receive, that they can use, that they can learn from. And, in fact, you know, a recent study showed exactly that, and proved that, again, education, if you don't have that variable there, if it is not addressed, it really limits the way women can engage with information and technology.    So, and that is why it is so important, and that for us, and for IREX, and so many, you know, colleagues like, you know, Geena's institute, to really focus on the education piece, because it is a key ingredient to make sure that when women have access, they can not only engage with that technology much more meaningfully, but they can also use that access in ways that will be more productive.    Ms. Jorge. With the caveat that I am not an education specialist, I am, you know, an expert in policy and regulation. I have to say that from my experience, also as a mother, and doing a lot of research, and reviewing a lot of really good research by many of our partners, it is important to have both.    Ms. Jorge. There is never just one kind of curriculum that should just be focusing on technology or not. It is the combination, and using technology in a way that is useful for implementing the curriculum, for bringing skills up, et cetera. It is not that the technology is a silver bullet, but the technology is an extremely useful element for education to improve the quality----    Ms. Jorge. Exactly. But in developing countries, what is interesting, and it is important for us to highlight here, because we are focusing on international development questions. When there is very little education, or no access to education at all, it is extremely important that the Internet has become one platform to have access to information and educational tools that otherwise wouldn't be there.    So the gaps and the realities of those environments are also quite different than, say, the environments that you would have here as privileged where our children go to schools where my children, all of them have access to either a Chromebook, or an iPad, or what have you.    Ms. Jorge. Those are, you know, exceptions when you consider the entire world, and especially the developing world that we are focusing on, and the situation of women and girls in the developing world.    Ms. Jorge. Actually, I guess I could just share a story that one of our colleagues who is here in the room shared that I think is quite telling of that, and it is a story based on a case in Madagascar where women have put together a project to allow women to report gender-based violence using information and communications technology and using their mobile phones. And not only was it important for women, through the project to learn about their rights and report cases of domestic abuse, but their sons and their daughters became much more aware of the issues that their mothers were being faced with and the rights that their mothers had as mothers, and would remind them to report those cases of domestic abuse when they took place. Because they had the ability to have a tool that would allow them, and they would remind their mothers, you have the right to report and to not have to accept what is happening to you.    And so that is a very powerful example of how not only the children, sons and daughters, can learn about the rights of their mothers, but their rights as children as well and see the potential that some of these new tools can provide to them as they engage as people in their own lives.    Ms. Jorge. Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question. As I said, you know, those specific target programs to help women and girls have access to education would be very important. It is also very important that education integrating technology starts very early on, and it is not just left at the primary level, as Joyce already made the case, but should continue and be very clearly expanded.    I think actually the work of IREX and Joyce's, you know, team in education is actually quite relevant for your question, especially we are partners in some of the work that we do, and one of the reasons why is because we believe in the power of libraries and public access in developing countries to be not only centers of knowledge, centers of education, but also centers for people to have access to these opportunities that they otherwise wouldn't be able to have on their own.    Because access is so important, the reality is, as you probably understand, it is very difficult, as it is now and especially despite the growth in the sector, to make sure that all populations are covered with the right type of coverage that Internet requires. And so because of that and because clearly competition and markets by themselves have not been able to ensure that everyone has access to a connection, let alone being able to have the income to afford a connection when that might be possible, it is very important that public access is there and it is strengthened to be way to not only bring education opportunities, but to strengthen the kind of education programs and projects that are out there.    And I would say--I would really love Joyce to add to that, because IREX has done some really fantastic work in that area integrating the education field and needs with libraries as a platform to improve education.    Ms. Jorge. Yes. Thank you for the question. That is extremely relevant and exactly the reason why we are here. USAID has done some really fantastic work in supporting many of the programs that many of us are actually working on, both not through just NGOs, but also the private sector or private sector organizations, in trying to come up with better solutions to address this problem. Including addressing the kinds of systemic problems around the gender income gap and other kinds of inequalities that exist in society in general.    But coming back specifically to ICTs and technology and access to the Internet, what can be done, what can be done better, and what can USAID and other agencies of the U.S. Government do to support that? A few things: One, give high priority to establishing time-bound targets for gender equity in ICT, access and use. There was an attempt to do that by the Broadband Commission at the U.N. level, a group that I was--you know, I was honored to be part of, in fact, inspired by a request by Geena here a few years ago. I am afraid to say that we haven't done much headway into that, and the reality is that the gap still exists and we don't see very clear gender equity in ICT access and use, but neither do we see it in the kind of policymaking that needs to be supported at the international level to ensure that not only gender analysis and gender considerations are included, but that policy is developed to address the gaps that exist.    And so we have not made enough progress, and we need to, and it would be very important for the U.S. to have an important role to ensure that that moves and that we can actually move the needle and ensure that policies are focusing on women.    Affordability is an issue. The fact and the reason why I mentioned income gap is that women across the world earn on average from 30 to 50 percent less than men. And by default, they are given a lot less opportunity, just from an income perspective, to be able to access, to purchase, to afford the kind of access that the Internet requires, and so that is a huge problem that needs to be addressed. And by reducing costs and reducing prices to the end users is very critical to make sure that the reality of women's lives, that we hope continues to improve, is recognized when developing policy. If you are developing policy for the average person that doesn't exist, obviously a large group of the population is going to be left out of the impact of that potential policy, especially if they start from a different point.    It is also very important to work with civic women's groups to find ways that technology can enhance civic participation. One of the most empowering effects of technology and access to the Internet and the information that the Internet brings to women, is by allowing women to become more active citizens in their societies, with their governments, something that we here not only take for granted, but are able to exercise and enjoy the benefits of that benefit.    Most women in developing countries don't have the ability to enjoy that, not only civic participation, but free and open civic participation without fear that their actions, their thinking, their ideas may not be retaliated against. And so we need to support that kind of civic engagement and civic participation by women and especially by women's groups that are much closer to the--live the realities of women in developing countries.    And as some of our colleagues already mentioned, I would say always put women at the center of policymaking. Here we are in this room, people come in and out, but I can tell you I have been counting how many of you women policymakers have been on the bench, and there are very few of you, and if there were more, many more of these issues would be considered. It is no different in any other part of the world.    When women are at the center of decisionmaking, issues are thought differently from a different perspective, they are imagined in new ways. And so more women at all levels of planning, development, policymaking is absolutely critical to ensure that those concerns come through in the final result of policymaking, in international development, in the kind of support that we as a government here in the United States can make international development, and the kind of impact that we want to see taking place as a result of our actions. Thank you.    Ms. Jorge. I will just share a quick story----    Ms. Jorge . A personal story that I think is telling of the realities that we face as parents, as citizens. I was looking just recently with my older daughter at different school options, and when I went to visit a particular school that I cannot disclose the name, I was asked--you know, my daughter is very interested in math and science, but also she is a musician. And so we were talking about her qualities, et cetera, and the kinds of things that she wanted to get out of the school. The assistant headmaster asked me, oh, so what does your husband do? What is his profession? And so I told her, and she carried on the conversation.    And so my daughter asked me, she didn't ask you what you did? And so, you are right. So I turned back to the assistant headmaster and said, are you interested in what I do? And she was pretty shocked and kind of embarrassed, so much so that she tried to overcompensate in even more embarrassing ways. But the truth is that is the reality that we face, women, girls, face in many environments, including in what are, you know, largely perceived as very well educated, very important and nice schools, very privileged schools, I must say, and still the stereotypes and the kinds of things that we have to address are so ingrained, as Geena and Joyce have been saying, that are flabergasting.    And so I can tell you that none of my daughters would ever go to that school until another person changes. But this is the reality that women and girls face on their daily lives regardless of where we are in the world, and in some places more so than others because of other issues. And so can we do something about it? We can, and that is why we are here. And I hope that you through your, you know, actions, through your policymaking, through your support in international development support programs that can help change these realities that should not exist.    Ms. Jorge. May I?    Ms. Jorge. I just want to add one more thing just so that we also complete the thought, is that I think it is also important to think of these issues not just from an overall gender perspective, but thinking of all the different kinds of women and men in the world from different backgrounds. Because the kinds of things that we are discussing in terms of inequalities based on gender are even more exacerbated for women and some men, but especially for women of different races, different socioeconomic groups. And they face even greater barriers and greater, you know, obstacles in their lives.    And so it is important to not just be aware from a general gender perspective, which is clearly very important, but also to be very aware of other differences that affect the way people have access to opportunities, including their backgrounds, whatever that might be.