    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thanks to the panel. Given that my state is still one of the hungriest states in the country, New Mexico, it is great to hear about the kinds of ideas and incentives that allow you to do more with what you have, and making it as healthy as possible. I did the SNAP Challenge, and without a dollar to dollar match, notwithstanding the incentive, there isn't enough to buy fresh fruits and produce. I think when I did the challenge, in order to have enough protein, the only fruit I could buy was a couple of bananas. And so it just isn't enough to sustain yourself or your family.    And so I am very excited to hear about the organization's work in Michigan, and the Double Up Food Bucks. And I have a public health background, so all of this is exactly the way in which these programs were intended to work. But we find that they need an additional boost to do that. I think these kinds of incentives are especially important for poor states like New Mexico, and any other areas in the country that have high rates of food insecurity, poverty, obesity, and other diet related illnesses.    I want to tell you that, in fact, the Double Up Program is very successful in New Mexico. We are seeing more low-income families being able to purchase fruits and vegetables. And, in fact, according to a report, the New Mexico Farmers' Marketing Association put out this month 88 percent of their customers increased the amount of fresh fruit and vegetables they purchased because of the program. In 2015 alone the Double Up Program benefited more than 4,000 low-income New Mexicans. So not only are we improving nutrition and health outcomes in communities, but we are seeing Double Up do the other thing, which is create more economic development opportunities, particularly for farmers. And we are seeing a resurgence of young people interested in farming in both rural and urban communities. We saw 195 percent increase in total EBT sales through the Farmers' Market Association, and that impacted 60 percent of New Mexico counties, and 60 percent of the direct market farmers statewide. We are also expecting the program to generate more than $4 million over the next 4 years.    I am sure you already have all these stats, about all the different impacts. And I have been listening in earnest, of course, but really interested in the points we are making about really connecting and coalescing our nonprofit and charitable community in this effort in providing these kinds of incentives. But notwithstanding the wonderful results in New Mexico, the reality is we still have one of the hardest hit economies in the country, with some of the highest poverty rates in the country. We are, in fact, the only state in the nation that is losing population because there are no job opportunities in the state. We are in an interesting battle about what we do about work requirements when we can't find work anywhere in the state. And when we had our Human Services Secretary talk about work incentives a year ago--she is no longer with that department--she talked about the great jobs in oil and gas, and there are no jobs in oil and gas in our state, and we are really struggling.    So I am really excited to tell you that, in spite of that situation, I believe that New Mexico is the only state that has state funding over the long-term to secure this program so that the Double Up Program is available. And the reason I think that that is really important, and want to get your ideas about how we encourage other states with the time we have left, is that our charitable organizations in this environment are also stretched too thin. So, to take advantage, I do think that you want to have local governments, state governments, engaged. What are you doing to get more states to think about long-term funding for these kinds of ideas?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.    The Chairwoman. Mr. Davis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.