    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Herring, I want to give you a better chance to answer some of my colleague Mr. Meadows' questions. First of all, your title is you are the acting assistant director for Congressional Affairs of the FBI. Is that correct?    Mr. Herring. That's correct.    Mr. Cartwright. And you're in that post for how long?    Mr. Herring. About a month.    Mr. Cartwright. Did you say you used to work for Mr. Goodlatte?    Mr. Herring. I did a detail to the Hill, to Judiciary, for about 15 months.    Mr. Cartwright. Oh, okay. And was that reporting to Mr. Goodlatte?    Mr. Herring. Certainly did. I was actually technically assigned to the Crime Subcommittee and Sensenbrenner was the chair of that.    Mr. Cartwright. And the Goodlatte we're talking about is the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. Is that correct?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. Now, you just were hammered with all of these yes or no questions, and I could see you having trouble with them. The trouble you were having, Mr. Herring, did not stem from your lifelong ambition to protect Secretary Clinton. Did it?    Mr. Herring. No, sir.    Mr. Cartwright. All right. In fact, the pointed question that my good friend Mr. Meadows was going over and over about was will you turn over certain documents, yes or no. You're unable to say yes or no because that's not your call. You have to take it back to the office and take it up the chain of instruction. Don't you?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cartwright. That's why you couldn't answer yes or no.    Mr. Herring. Certainly.    Mr. Cartwright. Well, how fair was it for anybody to hit you with that kind of yes or no question when you couldn't give a yes or no answer? How fair was that?    Mr. Herring. I'm here to answer the questions as best I can.    Mr. Cartwright. Yeah. And I wonder how fair it is to second-guess the FBI officers who are sworn to uphold, defend, and protect our constitution, and not caring where the political chips may fall. When Director Comey came in and testified, up until the time he decided not to prosecute, he was universally applauded on both sides of the aisle, particularly on the Republican side of the aisle, for his judgment, for his service, for his patriotism in this Nation. And then when it was his recommendation, which he now says was not even close, not to prosecute Secretary Clinton for the way she handled her email, all of a sudden he is reviled and all of his decisions up and down are being second-guessed by the Republicans on this committee. And I agree with my colleagues this is nothing but a show trial, it is nothing but political theater. And the only reason, the exceptional reason that this is happening, is in a couple of months from now people are going to have to decide whether to vote for Secretary Clinton for President.    Now, Ms. Frifield, I'm sorry that you and the other witnesses are being put in this awkward position today. The chairman invited you to a classified hearing, but he is now springing this on you. I will withhold most of my questions to the classified bit of this. But we have to talk about the marking of classified documents.    I mean, it's being bandied about that documents can't be produced because they're highly classified. Well, to be classified, it--according to the manual which follows Executive Order 13526, a document has to have something that identifies who originally classified it. It has to identify the agency and office of origin of the classification. It must identify the reason for the classification. It must identify the date of the classification. And they typically also have a banner both across the top and the bottom stating the level of classification: Top secret, confidential, eyes only, whatever it is.    Ambassador Kennedy testified that none of the emails provided to Congress had any of these indicators. And at our hearing, we asked Ambassador Kennedy about three documents, three out of 30,000, that included a small C in parentheses. Even though the documents didn't have any of these other indicators for classified documents, the State Department spokesman John Kirby said the markings on those emails were in error, and they were not, quote, ``necessary or appropriate at the time they were sent as an actual email,'' and Ambassador Kennedy agreed.    We asked him about one of those emails dated August 2, 2012, and he confirmed that the C in parentheses in that email was a mistake. He also confirmed that every paragraph in that email was also marked sensitive but unclassified. And we asked Ambassador Kennedy whether the FBI consulted with the State Department about the classification status of this particular email, and he said he'd get back to us.    My question to you is: Do you know the status of that request, Ms. Frifield?    Mr. Cartwright. I thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Cartwright. Yes.    The Clerk. Mr. Cartwright votes yes.    Ms. Duckworth?    The Clerk. Ms. Kelly?    The Clerk. Mrs. Lawrence?    The Clerk. Mr. Lieu?    The Clerk. Mrs. Watson Coleman?