    Mr. Woodcock. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and Members of the Committee, good morning and thank you for the opportunity to testify. My name is Bill Woodcock. I am the Executive Director of Packet Clearing House, the international organization that builds and supports critical Internet infrastructure, including the core of the domain name system.    I have served on the Board of Trustees of the American Registry for Internet Numbers for the past 14 years, and I have been continuously involved in the IANA process since the mid-1980's. Most relevant to the proceeding at hand, I am one of the two North American representatives to the CRISP team, the process through which the Internet numbers multi-stakeholder community has developed its IANA oversight transition proposal.    I am here today to explain why it is in the interests of both the U.S. Government and other Internet stakeholders to ensure that the IANA oversight transition occurs on schedule and with undiminished strength of accountability.    The IANA function comprises three discrete activities serving three different communities: the domain name community, which is represented by the other seven witnesses at the table here; the Internet protocols community, which sets Internet standards; and the Internet numbers community, which manages the Internet addresses that allow our devices to communicate. These three functions are completely independent of and separable from each other.    Two of the three communities, protocols and numbers, produced the requested transition plans on schedule in January. The names proposal, however, is still a work in progress. The protocols and numbers communities finished promptly because the IANA functions that serve them are very simple. The IANA function that serves names is, as you have been hearing, substantially more complex. The names community will not reach consensus in sufficient time to achieve a September 30 transition, but the numbers and protocols transitions are ready to be implemented now. Moving them forward as planned would show good faith on the part of the U.S. Government and assure the world that the USG is a productive participant in the multi-stakeholder process rather than an obstacle.    At the same time, allowing the names community the further time it needs would show that the U.S. Government is neither throwing caution to the wind nor abandoning its responsibilities before ICANN accountability can be firmly established.    If NTIA delays the protocols and numbers transitions, it will further the interests of those Nations that are already displeased with the exceptional nature of the U.S. Government's role in IANA oversight. A shift in the balance of Internet governance from the multi-stakeholder model of the U.S. Government and the Internet community to the intergovernmental model advocated by China and the ITU would be disastrous. But a timely transition of strong stakeholder oversight of the IANA function would achieve the goals of both the U.S. Government and the global Internet community, responsible administration of a critical resource with strong contractual responsibility to stakeholders enforced within a jurisdiction that ensures that accountability is guaranteed by the rule of law.    Under pressure from foreign governments to internationalize, ICANN has over the past 5 years gone from being a U.S. operation to one with offices and staff in Beijing, Geneva, Istanbul, Brussels, Montevideo, Seoul, and Singapore. This is clear evidence of other governments' influence on ICANN, influence that will only grow stronger over time.    In my written testimony I cite facts, to demonstrate that the United States is the legal venue of choice of the international Internet community whenever it is an available option, across a sample of more than 142,000 Internet contractual agreements that we analyzed. Strongly accountable contractual oversight of the IANA function allows the Internet community to ensure that performance of the IANA function is never relocated to a jurisdiction with weaker rule of law or lesser protections against organizational capture.    ICANN has performed the IANA function successfully because it has been disciplined by the mechanisms of U.S. Government procurement, the right to remedy uncured defects with mechanisms up to and including contract termination, and the right to seek superior performance in the marketplace through periodic re-competition. We believe retaining these same strong accountability mechanisms after the transition is essential to ensure responsible performance of the IANA function.    No good can come from delaying the transition of the protocols and numbers functions. At the same time, no good can come from hurrying the names community into an incompletely considered compromise. Their issues require carefully crafted solutions involving significant ICANN accountability reforms. But these policy-level reforms are irrelevant to the simple mechanical tasks the IANA performs on behalf of the protocols and numbers communities.    In conclusion, only the U.S. Government can ensure that commitment to a successful IANA transition is realized and act as the guarantor of the success of the multi-stakeholder governance model. The interests of the U.S. Government and of the global Internet stakeholder community are both served by a transition of the IANA protocols and numbers functions on time, on September 30 of this year, as long as the communities are contractually empowered to enforce the accountability of the IANA function operator in the same manner that the U.S. Government has successfully done for the past 16 years. I ask you to use Congress' unique power of oversight over NTIA to ensure that our commitments are met and the transition of the protocols and numbers functions occur as scheduled.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Woodcock. For protocols and numbers, absolutely not. We have already been waiting for 4 months. For names, absolutely, yes. They need the time to get it right.    Mr. Woodcock. There are technical security reasons for allowing a brand TLD, allowing corporations to register their own top-level domain in order to be able to secure it more effectively.    Mr. Woodcock. Fundamentally this is an issue that I have no particular expertise on because it is not my area.    Mr. Woodcock. Again, I think that there is a huge distinction to be made between the names community and the protocols and numbers community. The protocols and numbers community are peers, if you will, with ICANN. They develop policy globally through the multi-stakeholder process, and the result of that policy is merely copied over through the IANA process.    Mr. Woodcock. I disagree, respectfully. The three are completely separable. There are no interconnections between those three functions, and moving two forward on schedule would show good faith that the U.S. Government is not willfully impeding a global process.    Mr. Woodcock. I think part of the issue is that there is a certain degree of complexity and unwieldy-ness to the current system. The accountability measures are there to NTIA, but it is a three-party system where the services that ICANN provides are provided to the community, but we rely on NTIA to provide the discipline to ICANN. Making ICANN directly responsible to the industry so that industry can provide its own self-governance is something I think everyone on this panel can probably agree to.