    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Metalitz, I understand the importance of protecting intellectual property, and what you are asking ICANN to do here, though, kind of sounds a lot like what you all tried and failed to get Congress to do with SOPA and PIPA. Isn't there in effect the forcing down and takedown of Web sites outside of the reach of U.S. law on the basis of an allegation of infringement without any type of hearing or due process? That is kind of troubling to me. Would you like to comment?    Mr. Farenthold. The concern remains similar to SOPA and PIPA, that you will cast such a broad net that you will infringe on people's free speech rights.    Mr. Farenthold. All right. And, Mr. Misener, given ICANN's accountability problems and the tendency to bend to the will of government, how can we in Congress ensure that ICANN's problems won't become worse and threaten the stability of the Internet after the U.S. Government terminates its contract with ICANN?    Mr. Farenthold. I am concerned about--actually, I am going to do that question second, and I will open this to folks on the panel.    At what point do we see such an explosion in top-level domains that it becomes worthless? The idea behind more top-level domains was to give more people the ability to register a domain name. But if I have to register blake.com, blake.net, blake.org, blake.biz, blake.us, blake.sucks, where does it stop? Why shouldn't just general intellectual property law say you can't register somebody's trademark in any global top-level domain, rather than, as Chairman Issa pointed out, extorting companies to register potentially thousands of variations of their domain names?    Mr. Corwin, you seem eager to jump on that.    Mr. Farenthold. I see a business opportunity in registering     Mr. Farenthold . Blake.sucks.com defensively.    Mr. Farenthold. Ms. Stark, did you want to add something? I am running out of time. Quickly.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you.    I see my time has expired, Mr. Chairman.