    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you, Chairman. At a Senate hearing last year, the Governor of Puerto Rico compared the territory to a ship at sea issuing a distress call to Congress. I want to clarify this metaphor. The passengers on this ship are not only the 3.5 million U.S. citizens that reside in Puerto Rico. They are also individuals and institutions located in Puerto Rico and the states that own bonds issued by the territory and its instrumentalities.    Puerto Rico and its creditors are on the same ship. We are going to sail safely to shore together or we are going to sink together. Our common fate depends on whether leaders in Washington and San Juan rise to the occasion. Principled compromise is the only course to harbor.    How did our ship arrive in such perilous waters in the first place? Precisely, because over the years the people of Puerto Rico have been poorly served by their national and local leaders. In Puerto Rico, inequality at the national level has led to mismanagement at the local level. Federal policy toward Puerto Rico is a national disgrace, contradicting the claim that the United States desires democracy and dignity for all of its citizens.    Under this policy, my constituents are American enough to fight for this country, a duty they have performed proudly since World War I. But they are not American enough to vote for President, Senators, or voting Members of the House. They are American enough to win nine Medals of Honor and to form the backbone of a U.S. Army unit that recently earned the Congressional Gold Medal, but they are not American enough to receive fair treatment under Federal programs that improve quality of life and promote work.    And so, they are moving to the states in huge numbers because it is human nature to go where you have the best chance to survive and thrive. The excuse given by Federal policymakers for such disparate treatment is always the same: ``You don't pay Federal taxes,'' they proclaim. Never mind that individuals and businesses in Puerto Rico pay about $3.6 billion in Federal taxes to the IRS every year. Never mind that it was Congress, not Puerto Rico, that chose to exempt island residents from certain Federal income taxes. And never mind that, because the Federal tax code combines tax obligations with tax credits, the average working family in Puerto Rico contributes more in Federal payroll and income taxes than the average working family in the states.    As a statehood supporter, I aspire for American citizens in Puerto Rico to have the same rights and responsibilities as American citizens in every state. I do not appreciate being told the appalling treatment we receive as a territory is, in fact, preferential treatment.    To compensate for the shortfall in Federal support, political leaders in Puerto Rico have tended to overtax local residents and businesses, impeding economic growth, and to over-borrow in the bond market, creating excessive deficits and debts. Under certain administrations in San Juan, policymaking crossed the line from imprudent to negligent. We, in Puerto Rico, must accept this fact, resolve to do better in the future, and refuse to repeat the mistakes of the past.    If our ship is to weather this storm, Congress must enact legislation that authorizes Puerto Rico to restructure a meaningful portion of its debt in a fair and orderly manner, which will ultimately benefit Puerto Rico and the vast majority of its creditors.    Today, we will have a constructive conversation about the contours of this debt restructuring mechanism, but it is no longer reasonable to question whether such a mechanism is needed at all.    In addition, because inequality has bred mismanagement, the bill should address both cause and effect. The bill cannot fix every disparity Puerto Rico faces, because only statehood can do that. But it should make a good faith effort to rectify certain disparities, and it is important to emphasize that Puerto Rico and its creditors agree on this point.    Finally, I understand that the issue of an independent oversight board is a sensitive one, especially for a territory that has no democracy at the national level. However, if the composition and powers of the board are properly calibrated, the board will supplement, not displace, local elected officials. If Puerto Rico officials act in a disciplined way, the board will be dissolved within a short period of time. It is my sense that the people of Puerto Rico recognize the potential benefits of an independent board; and it is the people, not island politicians, that matter most.    Mr. Chairman, following this hearing it is my hope and expectation that we will craft a balanced and bipartisan bill that can be enacted into law. Thank you.    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes. This----    Mr. Pierluisi. No, no, I will be fine.    The Chairman. Yes.    Mr. Pierluisi. At this juncture, I am convinced that Puerto Rico cannot either cut its way out of this crisis or tax its way out of this crisis. The only way out for Puerto Rico is to grow out of this crisis.    The critical obstacle to being able to do that is that Puerto Rico is about to default in a massive scale on hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars, on payments it owes to bondholders all over America. So, that is what we should not ignore here.    We can have an independent board. I am running for governor. If anybody should be opposing that board, it is Yours Truly, and I don't. You have to understand that the board can come up with all kinds of recommendations and guidance for Puerto Rico to follow, but we have to address first things first. We need to make sure that Puerto Rico has the necessary access to the markets to comply with its payment obligations in the markets.    Creditors and the government have not been able to engage. I am not going to get into the blame game, but it has not happened. So, we need to incentivize that. One way we can incentivize that is by giving the board the necessary restructuring authority to promote negotiation. It could be mediation. And, short of that, or that failing, then providing for a fair restructuring deal for all parties involved.    That is the proposal I believe Treasury is putting forth. We can tinker with it, but let's not lose sight of the fact that Puerto Rico is not going to be able to grow if it has no access to the markets, if its reputation is stained in the markets. You need access to the markets to operate the government.    And last--and then I will let you react, Mr. Weiss--keep in mind that these are American citizens. That is why I say we cannot keep increasing taxes down there. That would be toxic for the business sector. And we cannot cut away and affect essential services, because you know what is going to happen? My constituents are going to hop on a plane like they have been doing, come to the mainland, and that is going to make it impossible for the economy of Puerto Rico to grow.    That is why this is complex. We need to be fair, and I would like you, Mr. Weiss, to react to my comment.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. You owe me 11, you get 10, so we will go from there.    Mr. Hice, you came in a bit late. Are you prepared for questions right now?    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I will respect the time constraints so that we keep going forward expeditiously.    Mr. Weiss, at a recent event you stated that there is no question that status is vitally important when looking at the situation, the fiscal and economic crisis that Puerto Rico is facing.    And I should say that back in 2010, when Congress was considering and enacted the Affordable Care Act, we had a great opportunity to provide parity, equal treatment to all the territories under the Medicaid program. I fought for that; my colleagues, the delegates for the territories, fought for that; and my fellow Members of Congress from Puerto Rico fought for that. Unfortunately, the Congress fell short. Because now Puerto Rico faces a very serious cliff, in terms of the lack of funding it has under the Medicaid program.    Let me explain this. It is not only affecting our ability to provide adequate care for the medically indigent. It also exerts an incredible fiscal pressure on the territorial government. I give that as an example. We should do much better there.    I would like you, Mr. Weiss, to elaborate on this point: ways in which, apart from creating a board and providing a fair and debt restructuring mechanism, ways in which Congress can assist Puerto Rico while dealing with the disparities we face as a territory.    Mr. Pierluisi. I yield back.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you. I should state for the record that I am the duly-elected representative of Puerto Rico in this Congress. And even though not everybody in Puerto Rico voted for me, when I raise my voice on the Floor of the House or at this hearing, I am speaking for the people of Puerto Rico.    So, the notion that the people of Puerto Rico are not being heard in Congress or by this committee is wrong. I do appreciate when my fellow Puerto Ricans who are actually voting Members in this Congress come to assist me, and I know that they identify themselves with my constituents. But let's not lose sight of that fact.    I vouch for the fact that Chairman Bishop has been working closely with me, and I look forward to continuing to work closely with Chairman Bishop so we come up with adequate bipartisan legislation to deal with this crisis.    Having said that, I am very concerned, Mr. Weiss, about the impending defaults either in May, or looks definitely like in July. What is Treasury doing to encourage creditors to provide necessary short-term financing, or necessary forbearance, so that Puerto Rico does not go there?    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes.