    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Good morning, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to testify about TSA's aviation worker vetting program. TSA conducts security threat assessments for more than 2 million workers requiring badged access to airports. These individuals undergo terrorist watch list checks, as well as immigration status, and criminal history records checks.    TSA checks against the Terrorist Screening Database are constant and give us near-real-time notification of any changes to the list of known or suspected terrorists so that we can take appropriate action. Both the IG and an independent review of DHS's vetting processes deemed TSA's vetting to be effective. TSA has made key enhancements to aviation worker vetting through projects that began in 2012. These include the ability for airports to upload immigration and identity documents, to conduct more robust identity verification and immigration checks, and implementing system logic to reject inaccurate information. We will continue to work on improvements in this area.    Airport operators are responsible for reviewing FBI criminal history records and ultimately making a determination about granting badges to workers that provide secure access to our Nation's airport according to TSA's requirements. An airport operator may not issue a badge if TSA deems the individual to be ineligible. Airports represent a critical layer of security by making risk-based decisions using TSA provided information and locally-derived information for the final badging decision.    TSA recognizes the value of conducting more frequent or recurrent criminal checks on workers to identify cases where there has been subsequent criminal activity. TSA's use of criminal history records checks is considered by the FBI to be for non-criminal justice purposes according to pre-9/11 law and regulations. As such, TSA has not had access to criminal checks that are available to law enforcement agencies. However, in September 2014, the FBI implemented a new automated capability called Rap Back that will provide this service to other agencies such as TSA for a fee.    TSA and the FBI have been working together to implement recurrent criminal checks. TSA is planning for an initial Rap Back pilot in the aviation sector to begin later this calendar year. The IG recently made several key recommendations on worker vetting, including one that TSA had also identified as an area for enhancement in 2014. Namely, that there is additional intelligence-related data that may provide value and inform TSA's vetting decisions. Using this data, the IG identified 73 cases for additional attention.    To be clear, these individuals are not considered to be known or suspected terrorists. TSA has re-reviewed all 73 cases and found the individuals do not pose a threat to transportation security. The additional data did not change its original determination for these cases. These additional intelligence records do not meet the reasonable suspicion standard of being considered a known or suspected terrorist by the U.S. Government. That being said, TSA recognizes the value of having as much relevant data as possible to make informed decisions in its vetting. As such, former TSA Administrator Pistole signed a memo in 2014 supporting TSA's request and receipt for the additional data.    This information may not only be important for TSA to conduct its security threat assessment, but also may allow TSA to assist the intelligence and law enforcement community by identifying previously unknown associations of known or suspected terrorists. TSA and the Department are aggressively pursuing automated access to the data and working to expedite the process in interagency coordination to complete the request. TSA concurs with all six of the IG recommendations and is taking steps to address all of them.    In addition to the three items I have already mentioned, we will also be including a requirement for inspectors to include verifying an airport badging office's review of applicant criminal history records and legal status, publishing guidance to all regulated airports to ensure that the airport badging offices deactivate the badges promptly when an individual's temporary authorization to work in the United States ends, and working with airports to analyze denials based on legal status, validate the reasons for the denial, and issue guidance to airports to address any weaknesses.    The IG findings support our efforts to improve the vetting of regulated aviation workers and compliment the steps TSA has taken to address the potential insider threat vulnerability at U.S. airports. We recognize the value of complete and accurate information when conducting vetting. We will continue to identify areas for improvements.    TSA appreciates the work of the IG during the course of this audit. We will use the information to enhance our processes going forward. I want to thank the committee for your interest in this important issue. I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes. They do.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is correct.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is my understanding.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes. If I may explain the distinction of the information that we are requesting, TSA receives watch-listed information that is maintained by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center. That information is the information that we primarily use in our vetting process. That is who the Federal Government has deemed to be known or suspected terrorists and meets the reasonable suspicion standard, which is why that is then shared with us for the watchlisting purposes.    What we are seeking access to is additional intelligence-related information that is contained in the NCTC TIDE database. I think it is important to understand that the information that are on the watch list are in TIDE, but not everyone in TIDE is a terrorist and meets that reasonable suspicion standard to be then put on the watch lists.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is correct. We did not have access to that information. We are seeking that access. We did review, though, all of the cases of those 73 individuals, and have determined they do not pose a threat to transportation security.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. TSA did, sir.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So sir, as part of our typical process, when we look at information and we look at individuals who may have some nexus to terrorism, we oftentimes will consult with various law enforcement and intelligence community partners.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. We do that regularly as part of our process.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. TSA reviewed all of the 73 records on these individuals, determined that they did not pose a threat to transportation. That is part of TSA's kind of day-in and day-out process. But every time we understand that someone may have a potential nexus, they may not be designated as a known or suspected terrorist, we do do that consultation with the IC and other law enforcement----    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes. That is part of our process. We did.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes. We would be happy to share that in a closed setting.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes, sir.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Certainly. So yes, the administrator did sign a memorandum, May of last year, acknowledging our interest to receive access to this information. We have been engaged in on-going discussions in the interagency to receive access to this information.    I just recently came back to the Office of Intelligence and Analysis in March. Since my return to the office, have had numerous interagency discussions on this topic. We are working to expedite this process in our request to gain access to this information.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So, you know, I understand your point there. Like I said, we are working very hard to gain access to this information.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So we have been having----    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So we are working on it. But I think what is really important to understand is that we do receive the Terrorist Screening Database and those are the individuals that are deemed to be threats to transportation security.    We do vet all of the aviation workers against those. We have taken action on those. What we are seeking to do now is gain access to additional information that will assist us and provide a fuller context of who these individuals are and potentially identify unknown associations.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. No, I understand that. Let me provide some context for that comment. So, yes, the inspector general, as part of his report, did say they found our vetting processes to be generally effective. Additionally, several years back, the Department sponsored a review of DHS's vetting programs. We participated in that. The review of that found that TSA's system was actually, I think, one of the best performing in effective systems that DHS has in the vetting enterprise.    I think one of the key things that we have to keep in mind and part of what we are talking about today, though, is the information that we have access to. So we have a very sophisticated vetting system that takes millions of records and vets that against the databases of known and suspected terrorists. But we are absolutely dependent on having access to the right information about individuals who pose, you know, a threat to transportation security and who also may have some value from an intelligence standpoint.    Additionally, as has been highlighted, you know, the other piece that is important on the information that we receive on the applicants who are seeking to work in our transportation system. So we are focused on those areas right now. But what my comment was specifically referencing was the effectiveness of the system that we have built, this very complex vetting system.    Miss Rice. I think it is clear after today and probably clearer much earlier that we can't use that word effective at this point in my opinion.    Mr. Roth, I just want to ask you, you said that TSA denied credentials to 4,300 applicants who had previously been found to be okay? Can you just elaborate on that? Do you know what I am making reference to?    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So we do have access to the U.S. Government's terrorist watch list data. What we are seeking access to is additional intelligence information on individuals. We are working through the interagency currently to request that.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is a database that we are seeking some automated access to be able to incorporate additional data into our automated vetting processes.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. I think that when we recognized the value of this, we have been working to pursue gaining access to this.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So again, I think what we have to understand is the watch lists, which are maintained by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Centers, are what are determined to be individuals who pose, you know, threats to transportation. We receive those watch lists for purposes of our vetting.    I think what we have recognized over time through our experience in vetting individuals and understanding the additional intelligence information that is contained in TIDE, we believe that we can supplement the value of what we do by identifying potentially individuals who may be unknown and------    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So that database that we are talking about is maintained by the NCTC.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yeah. This is a coordination discussion right now with the interagency. The vetting systems are very complex. You know, we have the airports, we have the airlines, they are submitting information to us. We have our system that is actually doing the analysis. We are getting information from the watchlisting community. So it is really just more of the complexities of that interagency coordination process that we are working through.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. I am very optimistic now. We have had frequent and on-going discussions on this matter. I would expect that we will be able to work through it in the very near future.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. I am not a lawyer, sir.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. I can tell you that we are having daily conversations on this topic. Even as frequent as this afternoon, we will be continuing those discussions on how we can seek and gain the access.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So, you know, before we get to the compliance piece, I think what is important is us working closely with the airport operators to identify the areas for improvement, put out guidance on how we can do that, work with them to implement that, and then ensure that we have a robust compliance mechanism to go back and review and ensure that they are doing that, and, you know, take corrective action if we continue to find that they are not complying with that.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Sure. Well, we do have formal security programs with all of the airports that they are required to comply with. We have inspectors who go out and review their performance against those requirements. I am not intimately familiar with all of the consequences, I will say, with respect to the, if there are issues of noncompliance, but happy to follow up with you on that.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Thank you. So, you know, we continuously look at this. We, again, we concur with the recommendations that the OIG has made in this area. Going back to 2012, we have been making improvements, putting in system logic so that it will reject information that may be erroneous or inaccurate.    We have also added automation to allow them to upload identity documents so we have that information to be able to review. But looking forward, I think there are continued opportunities. One of the things that we are looking at is further automation in this process.    So the way the information comes from the airport operators through channelers to us is through both automated and some manual processes. We are looking to move to a fully automated process that will reduce the opportunity for erroneous data to be submitted.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes, we do check against the open Wants and Warrants for the Marshals Service.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is correct. What is really critical here is getting access to the Rap Back capability.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. I want to make sure that I am responsive and I understand your question.    You are asking whether we would take back the responsibility of the airport worker?    Ms. Fitzmaurice. You know, I apologize. I don't have an answer for you on that. I will have to get back to you.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. S.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. That is correct.    Ms. Fitzmaurice. So I think we are absolutely looking at and concerned with where we have erroneous and missing information, and we are taking actions. We have already implemented logic in our system to reject these types of----    Ms. Fitzmaurice. Yes. We are taking actions immediately to work on continued improvements to improve the data quality for the vetting systems.