    Mr. Grothman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We've had several questions before, but when I talk to my smaller banks, going back to what Congresswoman Carter said, all they're doing is hiring compliance officers, which, obviously, is in some cases just is squeezing, you know, the amounts you've got to in deposits or whatever. In other cases, it's causing a lot of buyouts, because these smaller banks, they just can't afford to operate and they allow themselves to be bought out and that sort of thing.    Have you kept track of the huge cost to the banking system of the additional compliance? Do you have a dollar figure you can put on that?    Mr. Grothman. Thank you.    Mr. Grothman. Like too many professors, you've got to get out of the university and spend more time talking to small bankers.    Mr. Grothman. That's okay. We have 5 minutes, and I intended to talk to Chairman Gruenberg here.    There's been a huge drop in the number of banks. Do you consider that a bad thing? I mean, you know, a lot of local people say, and maybe it's consistent with my experience, you get better service from the small local bank. Do you view that as a bad thing that we have such a huge drop in the number of banks we've had since a few years ago.    Mr. Grothman. Are you doing anything to make sure that these smaller banks are able to keep going? Do you view this as a fundamental problem. I realize it's not all yours. I mean, obviously, the people who voted for Dodd-Frank wanted to finish off a lot of these small banks too. But what are you doing to make sure that we keep these small banks going and they aren't forced to be bought out?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Now, I get a concern, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, okay, that insofar as they get involved here, standards that were meant for bigger banks are kind of seeping down to the smaller banks. Is there anything you can do about that to make sure this doesn't happen anymore?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I can see, and Mr. Williams wants to speak down here, just one second. Would you, Mr. Williams?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Chairman Gruenberg, could you do something in which you can have a hard rule to make sure this stuff doesn't become best practice or doesn't affect people?    Mr. Grothman. Well, my experience, talking to my bankers, is the same as Mr. Williams. I mean, your expectations aren't being realized. And there's a lot of fear out there on that.    I guess I've used up my time, but thanks.    I really hope--you know, maybe people are afraid to talk to you. But when I talk to my small banks, well, I think over time your people become friendlier. We, right now, there's a perception we hate small banks in this country. It's not entirely your fault. It's also the fault of the people who put together that Dodd-Frank bill.    But I wish we'd get back to the days in which we have more small banks and they aren't being forced into being merged.    Thanks much.