    Dr. Harris. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, everyone, for being here. I apologize. I am also over at the HHS hearing as well.    But let me go ahead and ask some questions just about the Economic Research Service. Because I read through the testimony. There is some interesting things.    On page 2 of the testimony, it says, ``Our research moreover touches on those who depend on SNAP and development program''.    Let me go to page 4. ``Ongoing research will inform strategies to encourage healthy food choices for other food and nutrition assistance programs such as SNAP.''    And I have got to ask--because I asked when the Director of SNAP was here the other day, can you place any restrictions on the food purchased with SNAP, and the answer is no, it is all in statute.    So exactly how do you encourage healthy food choices when you can't actually say you can't buy a certain type of food product because it is not a healthy food choice in the SNAP program?    Dr. Harris. No. I understand that.    But do you actually make recommendations about healthy food choices for the SNAP program? Could you advise Congress, ``Gee, are there changes we could make in statute that would make it a healthier food program?''    Dr. Harris. Could inform that. Sure.    Dr. Harris. Thank you. That is fine. That is all I need to know about the SNAP program. That is what I thought. I thought that it wasn't going to be able to guide food choices.    Under the menu labeling, it mentions that you have done a recent study that basically said--and I will quote from this--``Results show that some simple rules of thumb are fairly reliable predictors of actual calorie content.'' And then the next sentence says, ``Nonetheless, menu labeling, as the FDA proposes.''    So let me get it straight. Your research basically shows that, with a few simple rules of thumb, you can kind of make educated guesses about what a caloric content is going to be when you go into an establishment. Is that right?    Dr. Harris. It is a pretty good predictor, using simple rules of thumb?    Dr. Harris. So the implication of that would seem to mean that putting these huge regulations--and, again, I get visits from small food store owners in my district who might have a lunch buffet set out, saying, ``Look, I mean, we change a product. We have got to do menu labels that has got the exact calories. Who knows how big a portion the customer takes?'', et cetera, et cetera.    What you are saying is, basically, some simple rules of thumb like you go into a pizza parlor and you say, ``You know, pepperoni and sausage probably are bad in terms of adding calories. You know, I am not sure I need an exact calorie count. And mushrooms and green peppers are probably good.''    Is that what you mean by simple rules of thumb, basically, what kind of food groups are high in fat, low in fat, high in calorie, low in calorie, as opposed to being very specific, as the FDA labeling apparently is going to require?    Dr. Harris. Thank you. That is what I imagined. I imagine it could be much simpler than the FDA proposal.    One thing that came up--you know, I have some stores in my district that are in areas where a high percentage of the people are on SNAP. And one complaint they have is, first of all, it is hard to make a decision to move into that area because those are usually the economically challenged areas. But what they find is that the problem is that all the SNAP benefits are front-loaded at the beginning of the month.    So they have a tremendous influx of customers in the first few days of the month, but they have to staff the store for the entire month, and have said, ``Look, wouldn't it make sense to just divide it, you know, the first half of the alphabet gets their benefits the 1st of the month, the second half of the alphabet the 16th of the month, so that we can smooth the economic activity in our stores and more providers will actually look at it as potentially profitable to come into those areas, which some people call food deserts? I mean, that is because stores don't want to come in.    Is it really that difficult to do? My understanding is that it has been proposed a couple times in the past. But, I mean, would the ERS be the one to show that, in fact, yes, that actually has a positive economic impact on the profitability of a store that chooses to site in one of those locations?    Dr. Harris. Thank you. I would appreciate that.    Mr. Chairman, is there going to be a second round? I have one additional question. And I will leave it to the Chairman's choice.    Dr. Harris. I have just one additional question. Will there be a second round or should I go ahead with it and make it really brief?    Dr. Harris. You are going to have a second round. Then, I will be patient. Thank you.    Dr. Harris. Thank you very much. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for a second round.    Let me just follow up with one question about that menu-labeling study, if I can, with Dr. Bohman.    Did you find in your study that there are just some people who just don't care about calories? I mean, no matter what is on that board, they are going to eat what they want?    Dr. Harris. But does your study suggest that, in those type of people that putting up the calories just doesn't make a difference, I mean, they just disregard it--I mean, I remember walking into a pizza restaurant in New York and it was kind of confusing because I thought it was the prices for a second. You know, it had the calories.    Dr. Harris. Sure. Now, the antibiotic use, all of you are doing the antibiotics.    Dr. Harris. Good. Okay.    Because I have got to ask a question. Because this is an ongoing question in my State, actually. In Maryland, we have a huge poultry industry. It is a big issue. And, you know, the legislature even this week is considering its own, you know, antibiotic-use bill.    But the fact that you are all still looking at it would imply to me that the final answer really isn't known about what the effect is and what the best way to balance the economic cost with the potential health cost.    Is that a good assessment? Do we have the answer to, how we are going to solve this problem? Because in my State, I think the legislature is about to think they do, but I find that a little hard to believe.    Dr. Harris. And that is important to be done really nationwide, not in one State or another. I mean, just as a physician, I would think it is best applied across the entire spectrum of product. And that is what I imagine.    Now, I just have one comment. Look, I am glad you all are rehabilitating Building 307 in Beltsville. I think it will be a good facility. I am glad to see it is in the budget.    Let me just ask--and I think this is also with the ERS because there was reference made to the Chesapeake Bay. And, as you know, there are huge controversies in the Bay.    I mean, the last election was allegedly about our rain tax, which was a direct result of the Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP) programs and the implementations that had to do with modeling of how we are going to help solve the problems in the Chesapeake Bay.    When I first came to Congress in 2011, I believe the USDA at that time had just published a study--it may have been within the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS)--that was kind of the Department of Agriculture approach, and then the EPA had their approach.    And what the Farm Bureau told me was, ``If you look at these two models, they are very different models. They come to very different conclusions.''    And, yet, we are about to institute regulations that affect real people's lives, in my district, mostly farmers, because the EPA modeling would suggest that that is where you are going to have to put most of the burden.    What has been done since 2011 to reconcile those modeling differences between the USDA and the EPA?    Dr. Harris. If I could just interrupt, do you think that gap in knowledge still exists?    Dr. Harris. And thank you for your honesty in that. Because what I really worry about is we are implementing--as you know, we had a phosphorous management tool that was going to be implemented, and, fortunately, the new governor stopped it.    We are implementing strategies that literally will put our farmers out of business if they are not done carefully and thoughtfully and with, I hope, some of the expertise that you can bring to the table about balancing an economic cost, which is tremendous of something like a phosphorous management tool, with the--as you say, with the benefit for which there might be a gap in knowledge that still exists.    So thank you very much for looking into that.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.