    Ms. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Murphy, the original transfer of property on which the West L.A. VA center sits was intended to House veterans. How many veterans are being housed in that West L.A. campus? I don't mean the ones who are patients at the hospital or treatment facility, but how many homeless veterans are being housed at that facility overall?    Ms. Walorski. Sure.    Ms. Walorski. That is not inpatient?    Ms. Walorski. Are the housing units full? Is there a waiting list?    Ms. Walorski. Are those houses normally full?    Ms. Walorski. And then I guess the follow-up, Dr. McDougall, would be to you as well, with the massive population of homeless veterans in that L.A. area, I am still trying to figure out the follow-up to what Dr. Benishek just asked. When he's asking about the hotel laundry, there is also a baseball diamond, and a bird sanctuary. How in the world does that achieve the goal of housing veterans?    Ms. Walorski. I know you are new, I feel sorry that you are new and sitting in a Congressional hearing. Were you aware of this debacle when you were hired?    Ms. Walorski. And Dr. McDougall again, I have another question. The former West L.A. director lived in a 3,500 square foot house provided by the VA on the facilities campus, and I believe other West L.A. execs lived on that property as well; is that correct?    Ms. Walorski. Fair market rental rates of multi-bedroom houses in that area are approximately $10,000 a month. How much did former Director Beiter pay?    Ms. Walorski. How much do each of the other facility leaders pay to live on that property?    Ms. Walorski. And have they been paying that all the way along or just in the last month, since you have come in?    Ms. Walorski. That is quite a deal. I am sure American taxpayers are interested considering the immense homeless veteran population in and around the L.A. area, how the very purpose of the property of which that complex sits is to house homeless veterans.    Aren't the houses and lands VA provides to facility leadership actually better suited to actually support additional veterans in addition to the 818?    Ms. Walorski. So it is interesting that given this Master Plan that we are all waiting for with bated breath, it is interesting this place has sat there, it has housed unaccountable organizations, it has been used to do laundry, to play baseball and to provide a bird sanctuary for those interested in birds. And yet, the homeless population in this country is the highest it has ever been, and with the influx of more veterans coming home and the pleas that we hear from all the associations, definitely the American Legion as well, it seems to most Americans that are going to hear this story, it is an atrocity that veterans are sleeping outside in the cold while the VA again has to stop what they are doing, readjust with new employees, and go back and correct many, many years of wrongs.    And so I feel bad that the two of you are sitting here as such new employees. And I know the VA has a long way to go, but I just think that it is such an outrage that--we all have homeless veterans in our areas and we are all trying to make every single tax dollar accountable to be used what it was given for in the spirit of being good stewards, which is what the American people ask of you as well.    I thank you for being here, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Murphy, I think I am directing this to you but it could be to the doctor as well, but we heard today from the American Legion about a recent article published that explains how a mentally disabled homeless veteran in West L.A. was arrested by VA police for taking food out of a trash can. He was fined $1,000, which he paid by collecting aluminum cans, which is absolutely deplorable to think that this situation is going on. Into what account, though, was that money deposited? And what is it used for, that fine, that fee money?    Ms. Walorski. The fine, he was fined $1,000. So he raised the money by collecting aluminum cans and paid the VA police $1,000. Where does that money go? What account does that money get deposited into?    Ms. Walorski. Could you follow up with the committee and provide us a detailed account of where every dollar of that money that he spent went? Can we get that report by the end of the week? Is that possible?    Ms. Walorski. Okay. I appreciate that.    And I have one more question. Ms. Murphy, again, on January 3, Los Angeles Neighborhood Council Coalition unanimously voted in favor of a motion that declared Los Angeles in a state of emergency for homeless veterans. The motion urges the city and the VA to open a large-scale crisis humanitarian relief project on the West L.A. property to immediately house and care for thousands of homeless and disabled veterans. Does the VA agree with that and support that motion?    Ms. Walorski. So have you heard of that before, the declaration of emergency?    Ms. Walorski. Go ahead, Doctor.    Ms. Walorski. And my final question, I think we are all so shocked about the bird sanctuary. It is back to this issue, in the GAO's report, it stated that VA guidance does not allow sharing partners to sublease the space obtained through sharing agreements. However, GAO found that a not-for-profit organization, the Botanical Garden, subleased its space on the West L.A. campus to two other organizations, including the exotic bird sanctuary and a food pantry, and that the VA contracting officer told GAO he was not aware of this sublease. Can you explain, I guess it would be Doctor, maybe, how VA allowed subleases to exist?    Ms. Walorski. With the huge amount of responsibility and clean-up work that you two have been left with, is there any kind of ongoing investigation as to who caused this mess? How they mysteriously retired? Why there was never any accountability leveled to them or on them by the VA itself when all this came out? And are you seeking internally there or asking the higher-ups in the VA to go back and hold these people accountable that you are holding the bag for.    Ms. Walorski. And for whatever you can share with the committee in those reports, will you do that?    Ms. Walorski. Thank you.    I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.