    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chairman. Just to say thank you for having this hearing and moving these bills forward.    The Chairman. Any other Member wish to make an opening statement?    Okay. I will now call before the Committee our first agenda item, the Committee Resolution 114 instructing the House Chief Administrative Officer to submit a plan for the transfer of the House Safe Program to be managed by the House Sergeant at Arms Security Office.    Without objection, the first reading of the resolution is dispensed with, the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Yes, Madam Chair. I support the Committee's resolution. It makes sense to move jurisdiction of the Safe Program to the Sergeant at Arms because they are expert in handling sensitive classified information. I am glad that we could work together to bring a commonsense measure that ensures the continued maintenance of the Safe Program.    Thank you.    The Chairman. I appreciate the gentleman's comments.    Any other Members wish to comment?    If not, I move the Committee adopt the Committee Resolution. The question is on the motion to adopt the resolution.    All Members who are in favor, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, the ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. And without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    Item two. I now call before the Committee our next agenda item, the Committee Resolution updating the Voucher Documentation Standards.    Without objection, the first reading of the resolution is dispensed with, and the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Madam Chair, I support the long overdue strengthening of the Voucher Documentation Standards and urge the adoption of the resolution.    The Chairman. Any other Member like to offer comments or an amendment to the resolution?    Mr. Davis.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I concur with your statement on this legislation, and I urge members to vote in favor of the legislation.    The Chairman. Any other Members have comments or amendments?    If not, I move the Committee favorably report the bill to the House. The question is on the motion.    All Members in favor, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, the ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    I now call before the Committee our next agenda item, H.R. 4511, Gold Star Families Voices Act.    Without objection, the first reading of the bill is dispensed with, and the bill is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Yes, thank you, Madam Chair.    One of our greatest national treasures is our veterans. I have over 28,000 veterans in my district, and each one of these veterans and their families have powerful stories that should be recorded for future generations. That is what this legislation is about, and that is why I am pleased to support it.    In the 106th Congress, I was the original cosponsor of the Veterans' Oral History Project. The Veterans' Oral History Project allows for American veterans to submit their firsthand experiences of their service to our country through audio and video recordings. In addition, American veterans and the families of deceased veterans may still participate by submitting veteran memorabilia such as diaries or letters that the veterans may have written during wartime.    The legislation before us would expand on that work by allowing the immediate family members of deceased veterans that died in conflict and were missing in action to submit audio-video recordings of their second or third hand accounts of their family member's life as a veteran.    I thank the Chair for considering this measure today. I hope that we continue to work with the Library of Congress to guarantee that we preserve as many of these important stories as possible, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Any other Member want to offer comments or amendment?    If not, I move the Committee favorably report the bill to the House. The question is on the motion.    All Members in favor, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the chair, the ayes have it, the ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    We now call before the Committee our next agenda item, which is H.R. 4092, again a measure to reauthorize the sound and recording film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes.    Without objection, the first reading of the bill is dispensed with, and the bill is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Since it is my bill, I am definitely for it. I was chairman when we did this last time, and I was for it then too. I support this program that will expire September 30. With minimal cost to taxpayers, the Library is working with interested private organizations, State and local governments, and others in every State to identify, preserve, and make accessible numerous significant films and sound recordings that will likely otherwise be lost forever. This is a simple reauthorization of an important program that is working. We should support it.    I yield back. Thank you.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Any other Member wish to offer comments or an amendment?    If not, I move the Committee favorably report this bill to the House as well. The question is on the motion.    All Members in favor of the motion, signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, the ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    I now call before the Committee our next agenda item, H.R. 4733, a bill to permit the United States Capitol Police to accept certain property from other Federal agencies and to dispose of certain property in its possession.    Without objection, the first reading of the bill is dispensed with, and the bill is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I appreciate your including this measure for consideration today.    While the proposed legislation may not be the most serious problem confronting America today, it responds to a formal legislative request and the Committee owes the police its attention, and I support this bill.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Any other Member wish to offer an amendment or comment on the bill?    Yes, the gentleman from California.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair. I was pleased to cosponsor your bill.    This bill includes three of the five provisions of my H.R. 4093 that I introduced last year at the Library's request, and I urge my colleagues to support it too. Since two provisions to H.R. 4093 did not make it into this bill, I have introduced a new bill carrying them and hope we will consider that bill at the next markup. One or both of these provisions to improve the Library's gift authority and revolving funds have passed before but has not gone the distance. I believe you should take another look.    In the meantime, I strongly support this bill. Thank you for bringing it forward. And I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. And I certainly commit to working with him for the other provisions that he has just mentioned.    Any other Member like to offer an amendment or comment?    If not, I move the Committee favorably report this bill to the House. The question is on the motion.    All Members in favor of the motion, please signify by saying aye.    Opposed, say nay.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, the ayes have it. The motion is agreed to. Without objection, the motion to reconsider is laid upon the table.    We now call before the Committee our next and our final agenda item for the markup before we go into our hearing, and this is H.R. 4734, to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971. This bill will allow candidates running for Federal office the opportunity to designate an additional individual, separate from the campaign treasurer, who would be authorized to distribute campaign funds in the event of the death of the candidate.    Without objection, the first reading of the bill is dispensed with, and the bill is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Mr. Brady. Madam Chair, first thank you for including H.R. 4734 among the other bills for consideration today. This is a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act. The bill allows a candidate for Federal office to designate someone to disburse their campaign funds in the event of his or her death. The Federal candidate would be able to designate this person by filing an appropriate form with the FEC and could change the designee at any time.    Our friend from North Carolina, Walter Jones, has championed this proposal for many years. I was pleased that he worked with me this year to get the measure reintroduced.    This bill is familiar to the Committee. Should we report this bill favorably, it would be the fourth time it has been sent to the floor where it passed on three previous occasions. Each time the Senate declined to act on it. What they did, because it was such a good bill, they kept on loading other things into it and we couldn't get it passed. I hope the fourth time is a charm.    This is a simple commonsense fix for a minor flaw in our campaign finance laws. It provides clear guidance to those charged with the financial responsibility over a candidate's funds while preserving the intentions of the candidate in the event of his or her death. I am happy to support this bill, and I look forward to it finally becoming law.    Madam Chair, I had my own experience with a treasurer when I first got elected. We all want to have the optics right and put in a lawyer--no disrespect to lawyers, but lawyers are lawyers--or an accountant--to look good. And then after about a year or so I found out that my treasurer was allocating funds to some other people that I didn't want to have happen while I was still alive. Imagine what would happen if I wasn't.    So nobody wants to really put a spouse or a family member or a person with the same name as the treasurer, again, because of the optics. This allows us to do that, and that person has no say whatsoever on disbursing of funds on any way, shape, or form while we are still alive. But in the event, unfortunately, of our death--which nobody gets out of this business alive, you know, it can happen while we are in office, and that person that we designate would know what charities we want to give our money to, what candidates we want to support, or who we may want to give it back.    So I do believe this is a time that we are going to push as hard as we can to have the Senate hear it and try to get this done that benefits all of us. And thank you again for bringing this up.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman very much, and I certainly concur in everything that he said. I mean, if you think about it, a lot of these Federal candidate accounts are worth a lot of money and you certainly want to make sure that if, God forbid, something happens, that you do have a treasurer who is going to be able to disburse the remaining funds in a way that the candidate would have wanted it to go to, like you say, the charities that you felt strongly about or officeholders, et cetera.    So I think it is a commonsense bill, although I am stunned to hear you say that the Senate actually loaded this thing up and it couldn't move. Kidding. Anyway, I certainly support this as well.    Is there any other Member that wishes to--yes, Mr. Harper.    Mr. Brady. What kind of people?