    Mr. Goodlatte . Thank you, Register Pallante. I'm going to go ahead and give my statement since I'm late getting here, and then I'll go straight into my question, but a brief statement.    Two years ago, this Committee began the first comprehensive review of our Nation's copyright laws since the 1960's. During these 2 years, we have had a total of 20 hearings with 100 witnesses, had hearings that covered broader topics, such as the role of technology and copyright in our economy, to more specific topics, such as the scope of copyright protection and fair use.    Our first witness was the Register of Copyrights, Ms. Pallante. She returns this morning and has given her perspective on what the Committee has learned over the past 2 years and to update us on the in-depth studies that the Copyright Office has completed during this time. The Committee recognizes the strong, in-depth analysis routinely conducted by the Copyright Office. The Committee has always expected the advice of the Register being provided to Congress on copyright policy issues and the role of the Copyright Office itself to come from her independent perspective without filtering or direction from others. The Committee welcomes her forthrightness about the challenges her office faces, as well as what options Congress should consider in order to meet her legal requirements and the needs of the copyright community.    As the copyright review hearing process proceeded, each witness was essentially limited to speaking on the topic of that particular hearing. However, there are a few participants in the copyright system that care about only one copyright issue. Over the next several months, the Committee will be reaching out to all stakeholders to invite them to share their views on the copyright issues we have examined over the course of our review so far as well as any others. Even since we began our review, there have been several new Copyright Office studies, new technologies, court decisions, and even changes in business models. So we look forward to hearing from stakeholders on all of these important issues. During this process, we also encourage all participants in the copyright system to continue their dialogues with each other. Progress in copyright policy requires all parties to work together. Although it is certainly easier to discuss copyright policy with a traditional ally, copyright policy will not advance unless the lines of communication are open among all participants.    Finally, I'm going to my questions.    You recently released a comprehensive music study, recommending a series of changes to the music licensing system to improve it. Is improving the existing music licensing system preferable to shifting it to a free-market system with robust antimonopoly controls so that market forces determine prices rather than the government?    Mr. Goodlatte. Smaller copyright owners and users have indicated that they struggle with a complex copyright law that is difficult to navigate. Is overall clarification of the existing statute just as important as updating the statute itself?    Mr. Goodlatte. The Committee has heard numerous and sometimes conflicting comments about copyright remedies that range from a not very functional system to extreme financial penalties divorced from actual harm. Does this wide range of comments simply reflect different opinions? Or can everyone's comments all be accurate, indicating that we have a remedy system that is not focused properly?    Mr. Goodlatte. This Committee traveled to New York City for a field hearing on first-sale issues. There are clear differences between analog and digital items. But how should the law treat mixed goods?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. Those are my questions. We are going to have to stand in recess for the speech by the Japanese Prime Minister.    However, we do have time to take one more.    And so the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for her questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman.    And the Committee will stand in recess until noon. And we thank Ms. Pallante for her patience.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Committee will reconvene.    When the Committee recessed, Members were asking questions of our star witness, and we'll resume by recognizing the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Chu, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, they will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Trott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch, for 5 minutes.