    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Hey, Loebsack, how many counties?    Mr. Shimkus. I have 33. So I just say ``ditto'' to his comments, and I don't have to go down that route.    But I would also--the good response, what popped in her head was the failure of broadband stimulus to do a lot of what we want it to do in rural America. And it was the overbuilding of competitive areas. And just on the record, being here for a while helps you remember some of the old stories, and we lost a great opportunity there.    Chairman, you mentioned clarity, consistency, completion?    Mr. Shimkus. I like that. I am starting to wrap my mind around reliability, affordable, and sustainable. I think those are also good goals to reach in a lot of different areas. And I think it highlights telecommunication in the next era for all Americans, again, dealing with the rural changes.    But that goes to an issue that we talked about the last time, I think, when the full Commission was here. We still have a terrible problem with dropped calls in rural America. And I talked to the association this morning, said I would raise it.    I think the last answer was, ``We have the rules to enforce it.'' I think our folks don't see it that way. Or my point is, they are still having a problem, and it is not fixed.    Do you want to comment briefly on that?    Mr. Shimkus. Briefly.    Mr. Shimkus. And let me have a followup. What is the status of this data collection effort? And will this information be made public? And, if not, why?    Mr. Shimkus. On the call completion question.    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Thank you.    I want to talk also about--because the ranking member of the subcommittee and I, we do the first responders. And Ranking Member Pallone talked about his proposal. FirstNet has to get its act together. FirstNet came to see us. I think they are making better strides. But they are on the hook if we have another major event, and we have not moved aggressively.    Now, in discussions with me, they say they now understand that they have to, in essence, contract with people who build out networks, which was what we were trying to say when we fought on the legislation to begin with.    But shame on us and shame on FirstNet and shame on the Commission if we have another event and we cannot communicate. So we need to all have our shoulders at the wheel and do what we can to push this.    Commissioner O'Rielly?    Mr. Shimkus. I think I lost some of the debate during that discussion, too, and I am not sure it is appropriately placed. And I don't think we have a--I am just concerned. I am glad they came to visit with me. But the public is not going to say, ``Oh, it is NTIA,'' right?    Mr. Shimkus. They are going to say FCC, they are going to say Members of Congress and the executive branch.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    And let me just continue with you. That memo you received, you got it yesterday?    Mr. Shimkus. You said the FTC had it Thursday?    Mr. Shimkus. Commissioner Pai, when did you get that memo?    Mr. Shimkus. Commissioner Rosenworcel?    Mr. Shimkus. Commissioner Clyburn?    Mr. Shimkus. Chairman Wheeler, do you want to respond?    Mr. Shimkus. But you understand the problem. This is illustrative of this debate about communicating. And I know we have, you know, three to two, and I know Democrats have the majority, but I would hope the Commissioners are kind of one big, happy family and work together to move telecommunications processes. Just like we do on this committee, right?    So I think it is just a little----    Mr. Shimkus . Illustrative, and everybody should have the information when everyone has the information.    And I yield back.