    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for yielding time.    I appreciate the committee holding this hearing on efforts to strengthen Medicaid by reducing waste, fraud, and abuse. In doing so we can ensure the program's longevity and effectiveness.    Earlier this year, I introduced H.R. 2446, which would require states to put in place an electronic visit verification system for personal care services. Medicaid personal care services are becoming increasingly more important as the need for them continues to grow. However there is also growing concern about the high levels of improper payments in this area.    My bill will help address these concerns by requiring states to adopt an EVV system to verify the date, time, and site of visit as well as the provider of the services. This is critical to ensure that beneficiaries receive the services they need.    Many states already operate EVV systems, and they have seen a decrease in improper payments and significant cost savings for the states.    I want to thank the subcommittee for holding this hearing; certainly Chairman Pitts for including it in today's hearing. And by strengthening Medicaid, we can ensure those who need it can rely on it in the future.    And I would like to yield time to my friend from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis.    Mr. Guthrie. I yield back.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that very much. First, I have a unanimous consent request to enter into the record a letter from ResCare.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This is a question for Mr. Hagg. We agree it is important to ensure that patients receive the services they are supposed to and that taxpayer resources are protected. In that vein, I introduced H.R. 2446, which would require states to use electronic visit verification for personal care services under Medicaid. So I would like to discuss some the work your office has done in this area of fraud and abuse of personal care services.    In 2012, in your year 2012 portfolio report on personal care services, you outline a series of audits that were done in eight locations, seven states and then one city, that identified over $582 million in questionable costs. There was a wide error rate from zero percent in one state to over 40 percent in another.    Can you walk us through some of the issues you found in those audits, and what were the most frequent problems you saw?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. Your report also outlined a number of concerns about quality of care for beneficiaries receiving personal care service due to some of these problems. Can you outline how the Medicaid beneficiary suffers because of some of these instances?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. And the electronic visit verification systems provide information on the date, time, duration location of service as well as the type of service performed. How do you think the availability of such information will help minimize the problems you identified?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. Those are my questions, and I yield back my time.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. Thank you for yielding. I want to clarify a question just before, one of the questions was about the cost of EVV Programs and on the states, and my legislation mandates providers use EVV. It does not mandate that states purchase or spend anything to create its own program or moving forward. The disparity between EVV and fraud system is not a disincentive at all. And states should still have an incentive. And there are already people out there that are doing EVV and the states aren't building a program, aren't setting up a program. It is not separate and distinct. There are people currently doing this, so it wouldn't cost the states money. I just want to clarify that point. Thank you.