    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank the Secretary. I know firsthand by his absence from Massachusetts how hard he has been working throughout the world, and how personally he has sacrificed for our country, and I want to thank you for that.    I just want to follow up on an area of concern to me personally that we have been working on in this committee, and you did it briefly with an exchange with Chairman Royce regarding the U.S. Broadcasting Board of Governors, which I think is one of the more important areas we should stress. I am hearing that time and time again from leaders from other European countries that have come to see me, and without exception, particularly in theEastern European area, they are saying how one-sided it seems to them; how they are worried about Russia powering up their propaganda, and they are also concerned about the deployment of the Internet in terms of terrorist organizations. So, also, similarly with the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications and working online with forums to build a better counternarrative, how that could compliment these efforts as well.    So I would just like to ask the Secretary what plans they have. I know that they are undertaken already, but what do you envision in that regard and what the prospects of success and sort of ramping up our involvement with the Broadcasting Board of Governors and with the Strategic Center for Counterterrorism Communications? It is an important area that I think is cost-effective for our funding and something that can be very helpful and send the right message to our allies in Europe as well.    Mr. Keating. Yeah. Along the same lines, there was a lot of attention recently to young girls being recruited and enticed into terrorist activity. This is no news to you. No news to this committee because we have had committee hearings on this. But it is a real issue on one end, and it is also offers, though, I think a concentration on young girls and women. It offers us an opportunity on the other end to put resources into that--not only educating young girls but also empowering women to have a role.    Could you just comment briefly----