    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order,    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``Unlocking the Secrets of the Universe: Gravitational Waves.'' I'll recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement and then the Ranking Member.    Last September, American scientists in Louisiana and Washington State detected a signal from an event so powerful that it sent a detectable ripple 1.3 billion light years ago through time and space to Earth. Albert Einstein was right: gravitational waves do exist. A century ago, Einstein developed his theory of general relativity. He then predicted that intense energy events, like the collision of black holes, could cause such disruption to the universe that they would emit waves that distort time and space much like the ripples on a pond caused by a thrown rock.    After decades of effort, scientists have now observed Einstein's theory in practice. They witnessed the effect of two black holes colliding, which released 50 times the energy of all the stars in the universe put together that emitted a gravitational wave across the universe that was, for the first time, detected on Earth. The discovery was the work of hundreds of scientists, decades of ingenuity and innovation, and the commitment of the United States through the National Science Foundation.    Forty years ago, a group of scientists began to design an experimental system to detect gravitational waves on Earth. Then they submitted a proposal for funding to the National Science Foundation. In 1990, the National Science Board approved funding for the project. Since that time, NSF has supported development of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO. This included construction and upgrades, operations, and research awards to scientists who study LIGO data. Today we will learn more about the value to America of that investment. We will also hear about the monumental success that has resulted from advances in physics, astronomy, engineering, and computer science. The NSF'' support for the LIGO project is a great example of what we can achieve when we pursue breakthrough science that is in the national interest.    We have the privilege today of hearing from a panel of witnesses who helped make the discovery. They are leaders of the 1,000 scientists and 80 scientific institutions that make up the global LIGO Scientific Collaboration. We look forward to hearing more about the discovery, what it means for American science and innovation, and what new research and applications may be generated by this breakthrough. With this discovery, we embark on a new and exciting time for American physics and astronomy, and we move closer to a better understanding of the universe.    This is a quote by Dr. Kip Thorne, a renowned American physicist and one of the founders of LIGO: ``With this discovery, we humans are embarking on a marvelous new quest: the quest to explore the warped side of the universe, objects and phenomena that are made from warped space-time. Colliding black holes and gravitational waves are our first beautiful examples.''    Congratulations to the scientists on their great discovery.    Chairman Smith. That concludes my opening statement, and the gentlewoman from Texas, Eddie Bernice Johnson, is recognized for hers.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mrs. Johnson. I might point out that 25 years ago in 1994, we had a Republican-controlled Congress who took the lead in funding LIGO, and I know it was a bipartisan effort, but it's nice to see that reach over the span of 25 years.    Chairman Smith. Sure. We will recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Foster, for one minute.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Foster.    I keep telling Dr. Foster that my going off to college thinking I was going to be a physics major counts almost as much as his Ph.D. but not quite.    Our first witness today is Dr. Fleming Crim, Assistant Director, Directorate of Mathematical and Physical Sciences at the National Science Foundation. Dr. Crim joined NSF in 2013. Prior to his time at NSF, he was the John E. Willard and Hilldale Professor in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where his research group used lasers to understand chemical reaction dynamics that occur in gases and liquids. Dr. Crim has lectured around the world and published more than 150 papers. He received his bachelor's degree from Southwestern University and his Ph.D. from Cornell University.    Our second witness today is Dr. David Reitze, Executive Director of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory at the California Institute of Technology. Dr. Reitze's extensive work in the area of experimental gravitation-wave detection dates back to the mid-1990s. He has authored or co-authored over 250 peer-reviewed publications. Dr. Reitze is currently a Fellow of the American Physical Society and the Optical Society, and has served on numerous scientific advisory and program committees within the physics and optics communities. Dr. Reitze received his Ph.D. in physics from the University of Texas at Austin.    Our third witness today is Dr. Gabriela Gonzalez, Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Louisiana State University, where her research involves the detection of gravitational waves with interferomic detectors. Dr. Gonzalez was a founding member of the LIGO scientific collaboration and has participated in the commissioning of the LIGO detector at the Livingston Observatory. Dr. Gonzalez received her master's degree from the University of Cordoba in Argentina and her Ph.D. from Syracuse University.    Our final witness is Dr. David Shoemaker, Director of the LIGO Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where his research focuses on instrumentation to enable the observation of gravitational radiation by precision measurement techniques. Dr. Shoemaker's work in the field of gravitational-wave detection began in 1980. He spent several years at Max Planck in Garching, Germany, and the CNRS in Paris, France, where he helped to develop specific technologies for gravitational-wave detection. Dr. Shoemaker has served on numerous scientific advisory and program committees for the NSF, NASA, and for the European Gravitational Wave Observatory. He received his master's degree in physics from MIT and his Ph.D. in physics from the University of Paris.    We welcome you all. We really appreciate your efforts in being here. You all are the experts. You led the way in one of the greatest scientific discoveries that we will ever hear about. What really caught my attention was the energy release being far beyond the energy of all the stars of the universe. That tends to rivet one's not only attention but imagination, so we appreciate you all being here, appreciate your expert, and Dr. Crim, we'll begin with you.    Chairman Smith. Thank you. We won't count that against your five minutes.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Crim.    And Dr. Reitze.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Reitze.    And Dr. Gonzalez.    Chairman Smith. Is your mic totally on, or close enough? There we go. Thank you.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Gonzalez.    Dr. Shoemaker.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Shoemaker. Thank you all.    Let me recognize myself for questions, and I'd like to ask quick questions and ask you all to give brief responses if you could just to get though all these kinds of comments.    But first of all, what are the practical application of gravitational waves? Dr. Crim, any thoughts on that?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Doctor. You gave several examples.    Any other examples that anyone wants to mention? Dr. Reitze?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Dr. Gonzalez, anything to add?    Dr. Shoemaker then?    Chairman Smith. Dr. Reitze, let me follow up real quickly, and it is this: What can we learn from the LIGO detector--you mentioned this briefly in your opening statement. What can we learn from the LIGO detector that we can't learn from traditional telescopes?    Chairman Smith. I probably only have time for one more question, and let me address it to Dr. Shoemaker, Dr. Gonzalez, and Dr. Crim as well, and that is, for instance, Dr. Shoemaker, you mentioned coming surprises. Dr. Gonzalez and Dr. Crim both mentioned the future. So my two-word question is, what's next?    Chairman Smith. Great. Thank you.    Dr. Gonzalez?    Chairman Smith. You might discover something you're not even expecting.    Chairman Smith. Dr. Crim?    Chairman Smith. Great. Thank you all for your responses. The NSF is well represented here today so I'm glad for them to hear your comments as well.    I'll now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, for his comments.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    The gentlewoman from Connecticut, Ms. Esty, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Esty.    The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Posey.    The gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Foster, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Foster.    The gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Massie.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Tonko.    The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter.    The gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Palmer.    And the gentlewoman from Massachusetts, Ms. Clark, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. We are--we do have a time factor involved here----    Chairman Smith. --but please go on and----    Chairman Smith. --respond.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Clark.    Chairman Smith. The gentlewoman from Virginia, Mrs. Comstock.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mrs. Comstock.    The gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    That was very deftly done to include the University of Oregon to the extent that you did.    Chairman Smith. Totally understandable.    Thank you all for being here today. This was really a special and even unusual hearing just because there was so much to learn and so much excitement about a new discovery. It's also nice, I think, from our point of view just to see how much mutual support there is among you all, how much collaboration, even camaraderie perhaps. So I appreciate that. We had a full house when we began today. They've trickled out over time, but it was nice to start off with every seat in the room occupied and a tribute to what you all have done. So thank you all very much.