    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Thank you for being here. Appreciate what you are doing.    You know, you talk about trust. I am from the small-business community myself and about 30 years ago recommended that our folks participate in our 401(k) program. Of course, I am assuming that now makes me an investment adviser. I don't know.    Mr. Allen. It doesn't? Okay. But anyway, recommended that. And they asked me, well, why? And I said, well, you know, frankly, I can't trust that Social Security is going to be here when you retire, you know, based on if you look at the actuarials and all that of Social Security.    And so, yes, there is a trust problem out there, even with our own Social Security system. Exactly where is that going and why aren't we working on that to try to fix that and then we will start giving people advice on how to deal with their own savings?    But as far as the rule is concerned, obviously the investment business is just like my business, it is a relationship business.    You know, I have never had anybody that hired our company that went to the Internet and said, well, I am going to pick this company. You know, they would actually check out exactly our reputation in the industry.    Plus the fact, as I understand it from my friends in the investment business, it is a highly regulated industry already. And the fact that you had the Enrons and the others involved, you know, part of that problem was the fact that it was accounting that should have been long ago discovered as far as, you know, keeping two sets of books.    But as far as trying to give investment advice, I don't quite understand how you are going to make this work. I mean, say you are dealing with my business right now and you said, okay, we are going to implement this rule in your business. What would that look like?    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Allen. Let me ask you this. You know, I advised our folks to get involved in this 401(k). Well, they were all tickled to death with it until 2008 and 2009 when the market took a tumble.    And along with my investment adviser and myself, we suggested that, hey, you know, America is going to come back. We need to have the confidence the country is going to come back.    Now, I am going to tell you what, they are a happy bunch right now. But what would it look like had that not happened? And here I am and my investment adviser had given this advice, what does your rule do to me then?    Mr. Allen. Who determines that? Who determines what is reasonable and prudent?    Mr. Allen. Don't we already have those rules in place?    Mr. Allen. So how are you then going to mandate that people, I guess, check out their reputation or their investment advice?    Mr. Allen. How can I--    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Allen. Well, just for the record, I am a little nervous that a department of the federal government that owes more than $18 trillion would be working on a rule that overreaches about fiduciary responsibilities. That would make us all nervous, I think, sitting here.    But Mr. Harman, as you said in your testimony, as an investment adviser, based on this rule, you would have to predict what your client would earn?    Mr. Allen. So basically under the current interest rate policy of this government, you would have to recommend that your folks have a 60 basis point earnings in their programs.    Mr. Allen. To guarantee.    Mr. Allen. And Mr. Mason, if this rule eliminates the brokerage side of the business, how big is that business? What percentage of the total financial industry, can you guess on that?    Mr. Allen. That is unconscionable to me that--I mean, I sit here and I just cannot believe. You know, I wish you all had gone first because I think I am a little more educated about what really is going on here.    Mr. Haley, you said that, again, you answered the question as far as support of best-interest regulatory rule. In your mind, did the Department of Labor come to any industry experts and ask them what they thought about what might be in the best interests of the investor in this situation?    Mr. Allen. The rules.    Mr. Allen. Okay. So you have any idea what--I guess I should ask the Secretary of Labor. That is why I wish he had gone last. Where did they come up with this rule? Does anybody know that? I mean, who wrote this thing? If it was not the industry, who is actually responsible for this?    Mr. Allen. Right.    Mr. Allen. So the consensus would be is that the rule does need to be updated?    Mr. Allen. Mr. Haley, how do we solve this problem?    Mr. Allen. I yield the time I don't have.    