    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both for being here. Good to see you, Mr. Ambassador. I wanted to follow up briefly with the discussion that you had earlier, because we know that the issue of refugees has also morphed into how we fight ISIS right now. And so, I wanted to--just speaking to the narrative if we were to move in a fairly strong push to push back refugees, whether it is seen as incremental by us, perhaps, but not necessarily interpreted that way elsewhere, how do you see that assisting ISIS, actually, if we were to do that?    Ambassador Crocker. It reinforces their narrative that the Islamic State is the only force that will defend the faith and defend the believers in the faith, but that the West are the successors of the Crusaders, they are fundamentally the enemies of all right-thinking Muslims. So it is in that sense that I think it can feed that narrative. It was very interesting when Angela Merkel, when she was asked this, I think in September, when she took a public position basically saying refugees, Syrian refugees are welcome in Germany.    Well, my colleagues tell me that ISIS kind of got really spun up over that, and on their social media saying it is all a plot. They don't mean it. They are just trying to lure you in so they can destroy you later once you have surrendered yourself to this Crusader government. It suggests that they saw that as a threat. So, you know, that would be my thought on this. Am I laying this out there as if we do, they will? No, I can't say that for certain. I think it is, though, an issue we should take into account as we consider this very serious problem.    Mrs. Davis. And Mr. Ambassador, you actually identified a fairly large number of refugees to make the point that, in fact, we are not turning our back on those who are fleeing ISIS. Where did you come up with that number? Why would that be something to propose?    Ambassador Crocker. It is just that, it is a number. I sit on the board of Mercy Corps International. Mercy Corps, along with its companion organizations, you know, developed that number with no more science than I did, basically. A number big enough to say we are serious. You know, 100,000 would still be symbolic given the magnitude of these flows. I mean there are a million Syrian refugees in Lebanon right now, or over, in a country of 4 million people. So even if we went up to 100,000, in the face of the biggest refugee crisis since World War II, it is a gesture, but an important one. And it would establish us as being able to lead an international response to a global problem, which we are not doing now. We need to do it. This is not a European crisis, it is not a Middle Eastern crisis, it is a global crisis, and it is our crisis. We need to be in this fight as well as other ones, in my view.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Mr. McLaughlin, do you concur generally with that point of view?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. One of the other issues that we grapple with is we are not very patient when it comes to strategies. And one of the things you also point out is overreacting, and how really counter that is to what we are actually trying to achieve. So I wonder if you could just speak to that very briefly. You mentioned several elements of that, a no-fly zone that could reshape the context more favorably, not necessarily from the air, but in other contexts. What do you think is the single most important thing that we could do that sort of helps people to understand it is a patient move, but it is also one that makes a difference?    Ambassador Crocker. That is a great point, Congresswoman. In my long experience in the Middle East, I came to understand painfully that our allies, from Pakistan to North Africa, have come to fear our impatience. We are here today in a big way and we are gone tomorrow. And our adversaries have come to count on it. So it is a great way to frame it. What we really need to do is establish, in the eyes of allies and adversaries both, that we are engaged and we are engaged for the long term. These are our interests as well as the region's. We are going to be involved. We are not going to throw up our hands and go home.    So that needs to be--in any step we take going forward, that has to be the message we articulate, that this is part of U.S. engagement in the region for the long term. And we need to do that, obviously, in concert with regional powers and with our allies around the world.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Wilson.