    Chairman HARDY. Good afternoon. I would like to call this hearing to order. Too often small businesses tell us that the federal government ignores their concerns about the new regulation and threats, treats them unfairly. At a hearing in my district this past November, I heard that the red tape is making it more difficult and small firms, especially those in rural areas, harder to operate. Small businesses are even more worried about the flood of new mandates that are gushing out of Washington, D.C. And the final year of the Obama administration gives them grave concern.    Last year, the administration finalized rules totaling $99 billion in costs, and many of those rules, like the EPA's waters of the U.S. rule, inflict significant burdens upon small businesses. This year, it could even be worse, as the federal agencies plan to finalize the rules, like the Department of Labor's overtime rule, and impose major costs on small businesses and will hurt their employees.    Two offices, the Office of Advocacy and the Office of the National Ombudsman at the Small Business Administration, were created by Congress to help small businesses with their very regulatory concerns that I have mentioned. The Office of Advocacy independently represents the views and the interests of small businesses as regulations are developed. It also monitors agencies' compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. The Office of the National Ombudsman provides a way for small businesses to anonymously comment on excessive and unfair regulatory enforcement actions.    Today, the Subcommittee will hear from the leaders of both offices on how they are carrying on their statutory duties. Given that the regulations continue to be a significant challenge for small businesses, it is critical that these offices work efficiently to reduce excessive regulatory burdens and ensure that small businesses are treated fairly.    I would like to thank the witnesses here today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony. And I will yield now to the ranking member, Ms. Adams, for her opening remarks.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. If Committee members have opening statements prepared, I would like to ask them that they submit them for the record.    I would like to take a moment and explain how things work around here, the timing lights. You will each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. And when it turns red, you are out of time. So I ask you try to stay within those limits. But we are here to hear from you also.    I guess we will do an introduction first. Our first witness is Mr. Darryl DePriest. Mr. DePriest was appointed by President Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate as the seventh Chief Counsel of Advocacy this past December. He leads the Office of Advocacy, which is housed in the Small Business Administration, but it is independent from the agency. The office advocates for small businesses as new regulations are developed by the federal agencies.    And, first, I would like to thank Mr. DePriest for coming to my office and introducing himself yesterday. Thank you very much.    Our second witness is Admiral Earl Gay, a Small Business and Agriculture Regulatory Enforcement Ombudsman--I have a hard time saying that word, so I don't want to say it too many times too fast--at the Small Business Administration. Admiral Gay leads the Office of the National Ombudsman, which assists small businesses that believe they have been subject to an excessive and unfair regulatory enforcement action. He has had a distinguished career as a naval officer and aviator.    And, Admiral Gay, we appreciate your service.    Mr. DePriest, we will begin with you.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. DePriest.    Admiral Gay, you have your 5 minutes.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Admiral Gay.    I appreciate both your testimonies. Thank you for being here again.    I would like to start with Mr. DePriest. Small-business owners are feeling like they are drowning in a sea of red tape. You know, 82,000 pages last year of new regulations written. Can you tell us a little bit about what your office is doing to prepare for this upcoming flood of new red tape that is coming to be able to make sure that we protect those small businesses?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    Over the last couple years, the Office of Advocacy has filed public comment letters with federal agencies raising significant concerns about the RFA compliance. For example, the Office of Advocacy wrote the EPA and the Corps a comment letter on the waters of the United States rule and asked the agencies to withdraw the rule and comply with the RFA. The agencies ignored the Advocacy letter and finalized the rule without conducting a SBAR panel and assessing the impacts of the rule on small businesses. While the small business community was pleased that the Office of Advocacy stood up for them, some view it as a failure of the office also. What legal authority do you have for the chief counsel of Advocacy? And is there anything that you need us to do to help you ensure that you have the ability to make sure that agencies comply?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. Admiral Gay, your office's annual report indicates the office is spending a lot of time helping small businesses resolve federal procurement disputes. This appears to be duplicative work of other offices within the SBA and the Federal Government. Can you explain what your office does when it receives the comments from the small business regarding the Federal procurement?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    My time has expired. I will turn the time over to Ms. Adams.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I turn the time over to Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. If you don't mind, we are going to go a second round if everybody is fine with that.    Admiral Gay, I would like to ask, on procurement complaints, small businesses not getting paid, are you dealing with that within your office, or are you getting it out to the appropriate people to look at it?    Chairman HARDY. The question, I guess, though, is these are regulatory issues. Are you referring them over to the proper----    Chairman HARDY. Okay.    Chairman HARDY. Another question for you, Admiral Gay. According to the office's website, there are board member vacancies on six of the 10 regional Regulatory Fairness Boards. For example, region 9, which includes Nevada, there are only three board members, and none of them are from my home State of Nevada. Can you explain why there are so many vacancies, and what are you doing to fill those vacancies?    Chairman HARDY. If I may on that.    Chairman HARDY. Your selection process, are you involving small-business owners, operators, and officers that serve within that regional regulatory fairness area?    Chairman HARDY. Okay. Could you also please provide the Committee with a list of current Regulatory Fairness Board members for each region and the date that they were appointed by the SBA?    Chairman HARDY. You know, each Regional Regulatory Fairness Board is supposed to have five members that are appointed by the Administrator, receiving recommendations from the chair and the ranking member of the House and the Senate Small Business Committees. The current and previous chairmen of the House Committee on Small Business have never been asked by the SBA for a recommendation. I believe this is a little bit concerning that we have never been asked. And it appears the SBA is not complying with their statutory requirements.    Chairman HARDY. With that, I will turn the time over to Ms. Adams.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    I turn the time over to Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I have one more. Mr. DePriest, you know, your office actually submitted a letter to the Department of Labor on the overtime rule and said the Department's analysis had said, I quote: ``Does not properly inform the public about the impact of this rule on small business entities. And due to those problems with the analysis, DOL cannot fully consider alternatives that would reduce the burdens on small businesses.'' Can you elaborate on the Office of Advocacy concerns on the overtime rule?    Chairman HARDY. So, at this point, have they indicated whether they are going to revisit and redo their initial regulatory or give you any indication?    Chairman HARDY. With that, I would like to thank you both for coming. I appreciate your being here and your testimonies. I appreciate what you do. And if there is anything this Small Business Committee can do to help strengthen those issues that will help strengthen our small businesses, that is what we are here for. As we know, our small businesses operate nimbly and swiftly to build and create and offer some of the most innovative and reliable goods and services in the marketplace. They pour their hearts and minds into their companies. However, navigating the rulemaking process and complying with regulations is a huge challenge. This Administration is making it a lot more difficult for small businesses to keep their doors open. That is why your offices and duties are so important. Small businesses need you to continue to aggressively advocate for them and assist them.    This Subcommittee will continue to closely monitor your offices and your activities and work to ensure that the federal agencies comply with their statutory obligations under RFA.    I ask unanimous consent that the members have 5 legislative days to submit their statements and support materials for the record.    Without objection, this meeting is adjourned.