    Mr. May. Thank you, Madam Chair, and Ranking Member Hinojosa, and members of the subcommittee.    The Dallas County Community College District comprises seven colleges and supports more than 100,000 students through our 7,000 employees. You described the problem so well in your opening comments, and we witness the same: Changing demographics among our students has prompted changes in how we help students and how we prepare them to enter the workforce and earn a living wage.    Every college in the Dallas County Community College District is a minority-serving institution, with diverse representation among Africa-Americans, Asian-Americans, and Latinos. Six of our seven colleges are Hispanic-serving institutions, and the seventh is predominantly African-American. As a predominantly HSI system, Dallas community colleges offer Latino students support through TRIO programs and other services, as well.    Since being designated as HSIs, the Dallas County Community College District colleges have closed the gaps in three key areas: District Hispanic enrollment reflects the demographics of Dallas County at 37.1 percent, and 39 percent in terms of completion of degrees; course performance with Hispanic students successfully completing attempted credit hours has gone up; and credentials with Hispanic students earning 31 percent of those awarded in our most recent year of 2014.    We emphasize completion and credentials so that students can be ready to earn a living wage and build a career. In our colleges that serve the most Hispanic students, student support service staff members use a case management approach to guide students through their academic pursuits, and we will provide the data in terms of the success of that approach.    As a result, 75 percent of the TRIO participants at Mountain View College are members of student associations, such as student government, Phi Theta Kappa, and athletic teams. Last year, almost 70 percent of Dallas County colleges' Hispanic students successfully completed their courses. Both TRIO and Title V services are not only important, they are essential to continue to grow our workforce and build the middle class.    We have engaged with Texas Completes, a statewide community college initiative to share data and strategies to improve student outcomes. Efforts through this partnership have led to an increase of 42 percent in certificates and an increase in 33 percent in associate degrees at--in Dallas from 2010 to 2014.    Our dual credit and early college high school programs offer additional options for at-risk students. Dual credit enables high school students to earn transferable college credits.    Dallas County colleges provide dual credit tuition free to our students. Dual credit students also earn more credits per semester than our traditional students, which places at-risk students in a much stronger position toward completion.    Our six early college high schools enroll 2,000 students, with Hispanics comprising 40 percent. They also account for 34.8 percent of the 700 early college high school students who graduate with both a high school diploma and a 2-year associate degree. Three of these schools have achieved National Blue Ribbon status.    Today everyone needs some education beyond high school. There are simply no jobs for those who do not have a credential that gives them the tools to earn a living wage.    And I believe in order to ensure that the middle class dreams of our students become a reality that Congress can affect positive change. I would like to leave you with four recommendations.    One, as the nation's demographics shift, an analysis should be conducted to ensure that TRIO funds are available to institutions that are early in the transition of serving minority and low-income students. Guidelines should be broadened to encourage partnerships with faith-based community organizations and others that are supporting the needs of similar populations.    Two, rather than keep TRIO programs separate from others within the institution, they should be integrated in a manner that ensures that the number of students served is not limited by federal dollars. The approach currently taken has the impact of capping who is served. This cap could easily be removed by requiring integration with existing services.    Increasingly, the fastest-growing HSI colleges are community colleges. As community colleges enroll over half of Hispanics in higher education, this designation is important to help them design successful strategies around student success and STEM. A continued emphasis should be placed on improving completion rates and student success.    Four, in addition to partnerships--partnerships should be broadened to encourage the development and implementation of early college high schools, as this approach has a proven record of improving high school graduation rates, college readiness, reducing time to degree, and improving GPAs, and improving college completion.    Thank you for your time and your attention today, and for your support of our students.    Mr. May. Well, one--and thank you very much. I am a early college high school enthusiast because it works. We see students often enter in the ninth grade with only being 6 percent college-ready in mathematics graduate, and we have 100 percent of our students who graduate from high school college-ready in all areas, with well over a 90 percent completion rate; 40 percent of those are graduating with a high school diploma and an associate's degree.    So I think the encouragement here are a couple of things. One, right now, even through data collection and reporting, we don't collect and look at what is going on with dual enrollment programs between community colleges and schools or early college programs, either. That would be a--I think a goal worthy of tracking, because the results of these efforts are absolutely astounding when you look at the success of--    Mr. May. I agree. If parents can make better decisions for their children while they are in high school they will do so, and simply assuming that they are going to figure it out on their own without some assistance with that is less likely to happen than if we can provide that information that clarifies the importance of programs like early college high schools and others that can lead to student success.    Mr. May. Well, it is--they are critical. With Mountain View College and El Centro College, we have focused on moving our Hispanic students into STEM programs. We have given a great deal of not only individual support, but encouraged them to engage in student clubs and organizations so that they can be a part of a cohort that are moving forward with like interests.    Not only have we seen our student persistence increase as a result of that strategy; we have seen a growth of majors in STEM degrees. That has been a large part of our enrollment increase that has occurred as we have been able to make that happen.    And in fact, we were able to use the Title V funds as part of an overall initiative in order to put--    Mr. May. Thank you very much.    Mr. May. I would be glad to comment on that. I really think the--you are exactly right.    The earlier we can engage--higher education can engage with students while they are still in high school is very important to be a part of that communication. The rate of change is so fast that many students, parents, and teachers struggle to keep up with that.    That is why, I mentioned earlier, why I think programs like early college high schools, where we integrate the higher education and the college while the student is still in school are very important programs. They are not for everyone, but they work.    Others, where we can engage in dual credit programs, where a student again can begin to earn high school credit. The important fact that we have learned from that is that our students in high school can actually take--are taking a little heavier--slightly heavier load than our full-time students who are coming in as freshman, meaning that we are actually accelerating not only time to degree, but the chance that they are going to be successful and be able to get--enter a career and get that great job.    Mr. May. Seven colleges within the state--mostly urban but also one rural institution--where we are really diving deep in the data to look at what is really working and what is not working. One of the initial--we really focused on what is going on with developmental education. As you know, the--many students get into developmental education and never get out, and never complete their degree.    So we have collectively begun a process of overhauling and redesigning developmental education. In our case we have reduced enrollment, as a result of the data that we have used for this, by 46 percent this coming year in dual enrollment classes, but providing additional support to help students as they are working through regular courses to be successful with that.    We have found that as we look at what gets in the way, that we need to help them speed up time. Time is not a friend to many students in completing the degree, so that is part--one example.    Mr. May. Madam Chair, the Texas Completes I think is unique in that what these colleges have agreed to do is share data we normally wouldn't share with each other and to benchmark ourselves against each other in the process so that we can really get a sense among many institutions as to what is working and what is not working. And it has been quite revealing and really has resulted in many changes within our organization.    I mentioned developmental education, but also it has impacted how we advise students, understanding that what students are looking for is a clear pathway to not only a degree, but a future, so we have changed that, restructuring, in many cases, the--those types of support services that we make available.    Two, we have--in our developmental education we have invested--decreased the number of courses but increased tutorial support and mentoring support to help students be successful. As we have seen, that began to change the actual numbers, with more students being successful.    Also, we have realized that we have got to do a better job of encouraging students to go into STEM programs, and then what gets in the way of them completing those. So we have seen the completion in those areas go up dramatically as we have been able to share data and compare programs.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Dr. Alexander, you mentioned that you oversee--your program oversees one TRIO program. Have you noticed any particular regulatory burdens or programmatic constraints inherent in that program that keep you from being as innovative as you can be with your other AAP programs serving low-income students?    Mr. May. And absolutely. Just to point out, I was the former president of Pueblo Community College and former president of the Colorado Community College System, so I am very familiar with the robust dual enrollment program leading to many students in Colorado to graduate with both a high school diploma and an associate degree. That is where we really had the original data to prove that the initiative worked, that if we could get students enrolling in college classes earlier, that we increase dramatically the likelihood they would earn not only bachelor's degree, but an advanced degree.    So I think that is a proven model that needs to be expanded.    I would also, again, kind of reiterate early college high school is a variation of that, and--which is really a more tightly managed process for dual enrollment-type programs in many ways. So they work, and we need to encourage it.    I would also, like I say, just want to comment on the competency-based education. We do see great value, but where we really see that value are for people who what we call have already earned education equity, where they may have been in the military or the workforce and they can bring that previous education right into a college degree without having to retake courses. Again, it accelerates time to degree and gives a reward to an individual who has already been able to demonstrate prior learning.    Mr. May. Well, I can tell you, the number one barrier--in most states across the country for a dual enrollment program is the issue of do the high schools get the funding for it or does the community college get the funding for it? They end up in a battle back and forth, and I think clarification that it really is about the student, not about the institutions are the most important aspect of that.