    Mr. Anderson. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee today. The House of Representatives, the State Department, and the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom are all to be commended for declaring the situation confronting Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East to be genocide. As we all know, the world's greatest humanitarian crisis since World War II is unfolding now in the Middle East. In addition to millions of refugees, many of the region's indigenous communities now face extinction. These communities may disappear in less than a decade, but their fate is not inevitable. The United States can avert this unfolding tragedy with a policy that contains, we believe, the following six principles: First, increase aid and ensure that it actually reaches those most in need. We are reliably informed, as the chairman has stated earlier, that official government and U.N. aid does not reach the Christian genocide survivors in Iraq and Syria. Repeatedly we hear from church leaders in the region that Christians and other genocide survivors are last in line for assistance from governments. Significantly the Archdiocese of Erbil, where most Iraqi Christians now live, receives no money from any government whatsoever. If assistance from outside church-affiliated agencies ends in Erbil, Christians there will face a catastrophic humanitarian tragedy within 30 days. And the situation is similar in Syria, according to Christian leaders there.    Those who face genocide are a tiny fraction of the population. They often must avoid official refugee camps because they are targeted for violence there by extremists. As a result, these minorities often do not get official aid, and this will continue to be the reality, unless specific action is taken to bring the aid to where these minorities are forced to reside by continuing violence.    Knights of Columbus and other private sources have responded to this situation, but nongovernmental organizations can only do so much. It is essential, therefore, that government aid is increased and that we ensure it reaches those most in need, even if special emergency appropriations are required to do this.    Second, support the long-term survival in the region of these ancient indigenous religious and ethnic communities. In Iraq, the Christian population has declined by more than 80 percent, and in Syria, it has declined by almost 70 percent. American policy should recognize the important differences in the situations of those fleeing violence and those targeted for genocide, and quite frankly, we should prioritize the latter. Consider this analogy: After World War II, there were approximately 50 million refugees, but only a small fraction were Jews. Yet the world understood that Jews who had survived genocide faced a qualitatively different situation and deserved heightened consideration. The same is true today for the indigenous minorities of the region. They have an indisputable right to live in their country in whatever region of it they wish. Depending on the circumstances, this may mean that they will live where they are originally from or where they find themselves now, but as survivors of an ongoing genocide, they deserve to be prioritized in American policymaking decisions.    Third, punish the perpetrators of genocide and crimes against humanity. The United States should support action by the U.N. Security Council to refer key perpetrators of genocide for prosecution. Equally important, we should support the Iraqi Government and the Kurdish Regional Government's adjudication of the cases of thousands of ISIS fighters and supporters who remain in local detention centers. This will assist in the important work of obtaining and preserving evidence of genocide.    Fourth, we should assist victims of genocide in attaining refugee status. The news report as of last week indicated that of the 499 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. in May, not one was explicitly listed as being Christian or as coming from any of the groups targeted for genocide. We must ask, how long will this situation be allowed to continue? The U.S. should appropriate funding and work with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees to make provisions for locating and providing status to individuals, such as Yazidis and Christians, that have been targeted for genocide. As I mentioned earlier, many of these genocide survivors fear going into official U.N. refugee camps where they are targeted. Thus, they are overlooked and find it nearly impossible to acquire official refugee status or to immigrate.    Congress should act now. Senator Tom Cotton has introduced the Religious Persecution Relief Act, S. 2708, to provide for overlooked minorities in the prioritization of refugees. We support this bill, and we urge its passage.    Fifth, prepare now for the foreseeable human rights challenges as ISIS--controlled territory is liberated by ensuring that Christians and other minorities have equal rights to decide their future, and obviously, this is going to happen very soon as a result of what is happening in Fallujah and Mosul. We should prepare now for the consequences of the liberation of ISIS-controlled areas. We are likely to see another humanitarian crisis as thousands of civilians flee the fighting or return to their former communities when the fighting ceases.    There has been much debate concerning plans for victims of genocide in Iraq. Some have argued for returning people safely to the Nineveh region; others that they should be allowed to stay in Kurdistan; still others that they should be allowed to immigrate. But these are not necessarily ultimately exclusive competing proposals. People should be allowed to decide their own future, and when they do, we should work to ensure that they are treated with fairness, dignity and equality. This also means that it will be increasingly important to ensure that the property rights and claims of minority groups are respected.    And, finally, sixth, promote the establishment of internationally agreed-upon standards of human rights and religious freedom as conditions for our humanitarian and military assistance. The United States should advocate for full and equal rights for religious and ethnic minorities in the region in exchange for our military and humanitarian aid. A necessary first step to prevent genocide is to overcome the social and legal inequality that is its breeding ground. We should not accept one standard for human rights in the region and another standard for the rest of the world. The rich tapestry of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now, or it will be lost forever. With its loss will come increasing instability and threats to our own national security and that of the world.    We have a unique opportunity, and some would say a unique responsibility, to protect the victims of genocide. The United States can provide such protection with a policy that includes the principles outlined above.    Mr. Chairman, we thank you very much for your leadership and that of the other members of the committee.    Mr. Anderson. Well, I would say, Mr. Chairman, most of what we hear is anecdotal. Just this week, my assistant is in Erbil. I was speaking with him this morning, and he was calling me from a Yazidi camp. He told me that what he had been told was that the Yazidis in this camp had received one food drop from the U.N. when they arrived, and since that time, all of their assistance has come through the Archdiocese of Erbil. For example, all of their medical assistance comes through the medical clinic that we have been funding.    So if those sources stop, you can see here is a community, they are still living in tents. There is nothing available for them. So I would think maybe have the same kind of evidence that you are receiving, but we hear this from the religious leaders in Erbil, and we hear it from the religious leaders in Aleppo and throughout Syria. It is the same, same issue.    Mr. Anderson. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman, and especially for your leadership for so many years on this.    It goes without saying: Every human life has dignity, has sanctity. We should do whatever we can to support each individual who is in these tragic situations, and of course, the help that we are doing, as I mentioned, helping Yazidis, helping Muslims, there is not a distinction of helping the individuals. But I think we have to realize a basic reality here, that there are minority, indigenous communities that have been in these lands for thousands of years, and they are going to be extinguished. And that is a different qualitative reality. And so what the world has to ask itself is, are we going to allow that to happen? Are we going to allow it to happen?    And, therefore, if the decision is, no, we are not going to allow this, then we have to make special efforts. We have to give special attention to preserve these communities. It is just as simple as that. Nobody wants to apply religious tests, but the fact is these people, these communities, this heritage will be gone unless we do something extra to save it.