    Mr. Massad. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee. I appreciate the invitation to testify today.    The CFTC oversees the U.S. derivatives markets, and although most Americans do not participate in these markets, they are vital to our economy, affecting the prices we all pay for food, energy, and other goods and services. For these markets to work well, sensible regulation is essential. We learned that lesson in 2008 when a lack of oversight led to a buildup of excessive swap risk that contributed to the worst global financial crisis since the Great Depression.    My perspective as a member of the FSOC is shaped by my responsibilities as CFTC Chairman, and today I would like to highlight a few of the CFTC's priorities that are particularly relevant to the FSOC.    First is the implementation of a regulatory framework for over-the-counter swaps where we have made great progress, and a number of financial regulators have responsibilities in this area, and the FSOC provides a useful way to communicate.    The second area is making sure clearinghouses are strong and resilient. While we are the primary supervisor of clearinghouses in the derivatives markets, we work together with the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the SEC on these important issues. The CFTC has taken many actions to strengthen clearinghouse resilience, but there is more work to do in this area.    Another priority of the FSOC and the CFTC is strong, resilient markets. Following the volatility in the Treasury market on October 15th of last year, the FSOC served as a forum to share information. Shortly after the events, CFTC staff provided a preliminary analysis of what happened in the futures markets to the Council, and subsequently, we worked with other FSOC members to prepare a detailed report analyzing what happened.    Together, we continue to look at these issues pertaining to the evolution and oversight of these markets.    In addition, cyber-security is one of our agency's top priorities and one of the greatest risks to our financial system today. And here again, the FSOC plays an important role in facilitating cooperation.    Another area of focus for the CFTC that is important to FSOC is the oversight of benchmarks. Integrity is critical and has been a priority in our enforcement efforts.    One of the most valuable functions of the FSOC is simply to bring together the agencies and regulators responsible for oversight of our financial institutions and markets. I believe doing so better positions us to identify and address potential threats to financial stability and better serve the American people.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Massad. Thank you, Congressman, for the question.    I don't think that is the structure provided for in the law.    Mr. Massad. I think it is important for the FSOC to follow the--    Mr. Massad. I would have to get back to you on that, Congressman.    Mr. Massad. I think your chart runs through July of 2014.    Mr. Massad. I took office in June.    Mr. Massad. Shortly after that--    Mr. Massad. --I had my staff involved in the designation that was--    Mr. Massad. A few of them--    Mr. Massad. --of our staff--    Mr. Massad. It depends on the issue, sir. We are a small agency. We are very limited in our resources. No one is fully dedicated to these issues. But certainly I try to get people involved as necessary--    Mr. Massad. Congressman? Can I make a comment?    Mr. Massad. I think Congress is entitled generally to whatever information it wants. I would want to simply check with staff in particular to make sure we are abiding by our obligations to keep non-public information confidential.    Mr. Massad. But certainly, Congress is entitled to get whatever information it wants.    Mr. Massad. Well, sir, I can only speak to the FSOC issues. I am not familiar with the intelligence side. But I would say that as a general matter, I think, certainly transparency and accountability is important--    Mr. Massad. I do think there are issues that we have to think about in terms of the non-public nature of certain information--    Mr. Massad. I respect that, sir.    Mr. Massad. No.    Mr. Massad. Yes.    Mr. Massad. I do think--    Mr. Massad. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I do believe it does reduce that exposure. Let me say generally on this issue that I support strong bank capital requirements and I support the SLR generally. And the issue I have raised is really a very narrow one.    I don't believe we should be excluding derivatives from the SLR, but I do believe it is important to make sure we are measuring the exposure accurately and I do believe that the margin that is held by the CCP--in other words, margin collected but then actually transferred to the CCP--that we should think about that in terms of how we recognize the exposure.    Mr. Lucas.Chair White?    Mr. Massad. Thank you, Congressman. They have pushed out that immediate deadline. I think we are still working in good faith to try and resolve this. I think we have narrowed our differences. I am hopeful that we can do so.    I of course believe they should have granted us equivalence some time ago but I recognize the issues that they are concerned about. And we are working very hard to work them out.    Mr. Massad. I also could not give a number but I--    Mr. Massad. I would agree with Chair White's statement.    Mr. Massad. I think generally, FSOC has taken the issue of cybersecurity, broadly speaking, very seriously. It has listed that as a primary concern in its annual reports.    It is--FSOC also serves as a very useful way for all of us as members to compare notes and coordinate what we are doing individually in our agencies.    Mr. Massad. I think, most definitely so. A lot of us are very focused on those best practices issues. We are in our own agency, I hope that we will come out with some standards specifically on--    Mr. Massad. Congressman, I wouldn't characterize it that way. I would point out for example, that what we do can protect people. When we consider AIG, for example, this government had to commit $182 billion to prevent the collapse of that company, which would have probably taken us into a worse Great Depression than what we had in the 1930's. Fortunately, we were able to get all that money back.    Mr. Massad. Congressman, with all due respect, I was not there for the Prudential designation. With respect to MetLife, that is a matter under litigation, so I don't think it is appropriate to comment on the reasons for it.    Mr. Massad. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I think the structure we have is a very good one, in that it brings all the regulators together, which allows us to look across the financial system, to look at emerging risks. There are issues in our markets where other regulators have certain responsibilities, whether they are things like margin rules for swaps, regulation of central clearing houses.    Mr. Massad. I see it as a structure which doesn't so much involve substituting its opinion for ours, but rather, bringing regulators together so that they can share information, cooperate, and coordinate what we are doing. And I think that is very beneficial to the overall system.    Mr. Massad. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Massad. The FSOC isn't taking votes on our enforcement matters, or on the rules that we are issuing. So I don't see a conflict there, sir.    Mr. Massad. I try to have an open door with all my Commissioners, and I am always willing to share my thoughts and hear theirs.    Mr. Massad. I would say that the structure that Congress has decided is one where each of us as individuals are the--    Mr. Massad. I think again, we try to have a good dialogue about all these issues. And I am someone who likes to listen, and I try to respect other people's opinions, and take those into account, sir.    Mr. Massad. I am not a member of the FSB. I have attended one or two meetings. I would like to hear the question again, but I don't believe I have anything.    Mr. Massad. I think, Congressman, the criteria by which we designate were set forth in the statute. And they were further spelled out as far as the procedures in our rules, which were subject to notice--    Mr. Massad. They are--    Mr. Massad. --publicly available, and I think we also provide memoranda to the company prior to the designation.