    Mr. Landry. Good morning, Chairman, and thank you for the invitation to share some information with you all today.    It is true that 90 percent of my homes in my city received water. 90 percent. That's hard to comprehend that that many homes have water. Of the 4,200 homes, about approaching 3,000 had over 18 inches, and that triggers the mitigation piece that we're so concerned about going forward.    But this is such an unprecedented event when you have 25 to 30 inches of rain in 72 hours. We talked about trillions of gallons of water coming down upon us. It is unbelievable what we have just gone through. And we talk about so many of these folks, 70, 80 percent of the folks did not have flood insurance. Well, the reason they didn't have flood insurance, we've never had that issue that bad.    The crest of the river was 5 foot above the highest recorded flood stage that we've ever had back in 1983. How do we even prepare for that? So our folks in our--at least in my community, don't live there without flood insurance because they want to live dangerously or because they can't afford it. They didn't need it. So this is such a--a unique and rare event that has occurred. It has just devastated all of us.    We can go into great detail about the response from FEMA. I have documented a lot of that in my brief that I have submitted to you, but the biggest single issue--well, there's actually two single--there's two big issues. One is the inconsistency of the information that is given to us and to our citizens, and the mitigation piece.    We talk about mobile housing units and how we are--we need those desperately so that our seniors can get back to their homes and that our kids can get back to school because school starts again in a week or two. They need to be back in their communities. They need to be able to go back home and live in their driveway in a trailer, of all things, so that they can put their houses back together again.    But it starts off with, Mr. Myers, you need a trailer, so we'll get you one. And then the next day or two, somebody comes by and says: Oh, no, Mr. Myers, you can't have it because you're in flood zone. Well, FEMA guidelines say you can't put one in a flood zone. Well, who needs one more than anybody else than somebody who just got flooded? So that just--there's no rhyme or reason there.    And we were instructed last week, okay, FEMA has relaxed the guidelines. We can now have mobile homes in a flood zone. But you heard me talk about Mr. Myers, he's a 90-year-old war veteran. Guess what, FEMA went to his home just Tuesday and said: No, we changed our mind again. You can't have it. Where is the consistency and the message to our people?    And you want to know why our people are frustrated? Because they don't know who to turn to. They cannot get consistent information that they need to make an intelligent decision. So to say that I'm disappointed and frustrated and angry is an understatement. My community, unlike Mr. Shelton's, is very old. We've been around since 1828 when Mr. Denham came and discovered some springs, hence the name Denham Springs. It was at that point in time when this community started to flourish, and we have large families, a lineage of generation after generation, such a strong sense of community, and that we all pull together and we all support each other. And so this--this disaster is about real people. It's not something you just see on TV and you don't connect with. But we are all--we are definitely all in this together.    My community has an antique district, and the buildings go back to the early 1900s. We have football. Everybody has football. We also have football, but you know what it is, we sell season tickets and we sell out of season tickets every year to our high school football. That's the kind of community that we have.    Our citizens love our city, and I love my citizens. And I try to be their voice. Another 90-year old, Mr. Hewitt Underwood. Mr. Hewitt served our country in the Second World War in the Coast Guard, has always been, to the veterans--has always attended every veterans' function. He's such a proud man. And now his home had 57 inches of water. He has a bride of 59 years is how long they've been married, and they want to just go back home, but with the possibility of having to elevate their home at a cost of about $100,000, he can't afford that. The home is only worth about $100,000. He's 90 years old. He just wants to go back home and live the rest of his life in peace and enjoy his kids and his grandkids and his great grandkids.    To show you how dedicated he was, some of the possessions that he had were--they were able to remove them from the home before the floods, and then after the floods, they went back to go and retrieve some of those. And when Mr. Underwood walked into his storage room, the first place he went to was the drawer where he kept his medals, all of his service medals from the military back in the Second World War. That's how--that's how much he served his country. That's how much he loves his country. But now the country is not serving him.    With the ridiculous guidelines and the procedures that FEMA subjects him and his family and everybody else in my community and these other communities is uncalled for. It's unbelievable. You have to be on the ground to truly understand exactly what our folks are being--are going through.    I would challenge anybody from the FEMA headquarters, play Undercover Boss, come to my city, go work the streets, and see what your folks are telling my people. I had a 70-year-old man, gentleman in my office just yesterday in tears. He was out of town during the flood event, came back home, drove into his driveway, saw the devastation, his wife had a heart attack.    Now she is in Hammond, 30 miles away, in a hospital. Her sister is taking care of her while this poor guy is back at home trying to take care of his possessions, trying to gut out his house, and a FEMA rep goes to him and says: Well, I'm going to tell you what, you've got to tear your house down. It's devastating. He's devastated. It devastated him. He came to me. He said, Mayor, what am I supposed to do? And we sat down and we talked and we talked, and we're okay. But the response from FEMA has been totally uncalled for.    So in closing, my biggest challenge to you is to make FEMA change the mitigation piece because if I had 3,000 homes that had more than 18 inches of water and they are deemed as substantially damaged, they want us to elevate them, that will be the death of my city. I received an email the other day of a guy that lives on Geraldine Drive, four of his neighbors have already said they are leaving, and he's strongly considering doing the same.    That piece does not need to go into effect. Please suspend it. Please use some common sense. The fact is you are going to make somebody raze their house on a 1,000-year event, a rain of such epic proportions nobody could ever comprehend, you know, what was going to happen. So do not, please, I ask you, please, do not make us raze our homes. Thank you very much.    Mr. Landry. Yes, sir. It was in excess of 2 weeks, and it was a contact that was assigned--supposed to be assigned to me. One conversation on a Sunday afternoon, and I have yet to hear back from that person since.    Mr. Landry. Sir, there was a--about 2-week discussion on whether or not we can have a DRC because we're in a flood zone.    Mr. Landry. Yes, sir.    Mr. Landry. Well, as I understand, the MHUs are 8 feet wide and 42 feet long, which is probably one of the smaller units. You're right; most folks, especially in the older parts of town, where some of the significant flooding was, probably only have a 50-foot-wide lot. So they just don't fit. And you really don't want it, you know, long-ways across the front of the home. But wherever we need to do we can do.    A travel trailer is probably one of the better solutions. And I was told by one of our FEMA partners that there are several hundred of those travel trailers out. They could be hauled up here without a permit, without any kind of escort service down the interstates. And they can literally can back them into someone's driveway, have them hooked up and running in just a matter of hours.    But that was a week ago. That was a week ago. And I called her again yesterday while we were on our way up here, and I said, where are all the travel trailers? If you listen--this is what she says--if you listen to the Garret Graves 10 o'clock mayor's show that, you know, we participate in every week, we'll have some answers for you. No answers. So that was 10 minutes before the meeting, and we still have no answers, we still have no travel trailers, we still have no place for our folks to go live, period.    One of my FEMA friends showed up about a week after the flood: Mayor, I need a block of 10 rooms at a hotel so I can bring some FEMA folks over to go to work. I said, man, I wish I had 10 rooms to give you. I wish I had a hotel to even send you to. I had nine. All of them are under water. Where have you been? Were you not paying any attention to what was going on in the national media? And you drive into my city and you want a block of 10 rooms? That is how ridiculous and how broken the entire system is. No compassion, no common sense.    About 2 days later, 3 days later, another gentleman calls: Mayor, I need a place, I need 15,000 square feet of air-conditioned space so I could put a FEMA DRC. I wish I had 15,000 feet of air-conditioned space that I would give you. But you could set up in a parking lot somewhere; I could probably find you a spot. Oh, no, Mayor, it's too hot outside. Yes, sir, it is. How well do I know.    But there's one young guy, Mark Wilson I think he is. Him and I got together last week and, in a matter of about 48 hours, made direct contact, got a DRC at the Bass Pro parking lot, made one phone call to the store manager and one phone call to headquarters--done, just like that.    So you do have some good people, but the system is positively broken. No sense, no common sense, and very little compassion when you get on the street.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Mayor Ramsey, may I just ask you to briefly answer the same question?    Mr. Landry. Yes.