    Ms. Hyde. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting SAMHSA to be part of this hearing, and thank you for your interest in this important public health issue.    According to SAMHSA's National Survey on Drug Use and Health, the prevalence rate of nonmedical use of prescription opioids is high, approximately 4.5 million individuals in 2013. Heroin use is much lower, About 289,000 individuals reporting past month use, but that's doubled in 5 years.    Fortunately, the nonmedical use of pain relievers has actually decreased some from 2009 to 2013, especially among young people 12 to 17. However, as you know, overdoses and overdose-related deaths from both prescription drugs and heroin have risen dramatically among all ages. And as you've heard, few who need treatment are receiving the comprehensive community-based services they need to live lives in recovery, free of addiction.    SAMHSA believes prevention is the priority and recovery is the goal. SAMHSA's programs, data, practice improvement, public education, and regulatory efforts are all designed to prevent addiction and overdoses, help provide the treatment and services needed for people with substance abuse disorders to achieve recovery, support their families, and foster supportive communities.    SAMHSA funds the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, together with six other medical societies, to train prescribers in the best approaches to pain management. SAMHSA also educates physicians on medication-assisted treatment for opioid addiction. SAMHSA's Addiction Technology Transfer Centers provide training and materials on opioid use disorders, and are cofunded with NIDA to distribute research-based best practices to the field of addiction treatment.    To help prevent opioid-overdose-related deaths, SAMHSA alerted States last year that substance abuse treatment block grant funds may be used to purchase and distribute naloxone and increase education and training on its use. Also in 2014, SAMHSA updated its opioid overdose prevention toolkit to educate individuals, families, first responders, and others about steps to prevent and reverse the effects of opioid overdoses, including the use of naloxone. This toolkit's one of the most downloaded resources on SAMHSA's Web site.    The President's 2016 budget includes $12 million in discretionary grants for States to purchase and distribute naloxone, equip first responders in high risk communities, and support education on the use of naloxone and other overdose prevention strategies.    SAMHSA also supports medication-assisted treatment as part of a recovery-oriented, person-centered care model. Medication-assisted treatment is not meant as a standalone approach, but rather is designed to include medication, counseling, behavioral therapies, and recovery supports.    In March 2015, SAMHSA issued revised Federal guidelines for opioid treatment programs which highlight this recovery-oriented care model, and encouraged the use of any of the three FDA-approved medications for the treatment of opioid use disorder based on an assessment of each individual's unique needs.    SAMHSA's also taking an integrated clinical care approach as part of a new 2015 grant program to expand and enhance the availability of medication-assisted treatment and other clinically appropriate services in States with the highest rates of opioid admissions. The President's 2016 budget proposes to double this program.    In collaboration with DOJ and ONDCP, SAMHSA added language to its 2015 treatment drug court grant requirements to ensure that drug court clients will not be compelled to stop or be prevented from using medication if it is prescribed or dispensed consistent with a licensed prescriber's recommendation, a valid prescription, or as part of a regulated opioid treatment program.    SAMHSA regulates opioid treatment programs, which are expected to provide a full range of services for their patients. In collaboration with the Drug Enforcement Administration, SAMHSA provides waivers to physicians wishing to treat opioid use disorders with buprenorphine in a practice setting other than an opioid treatment program.    SAMHSA also funds efforts to help prevent prescription opioid misuse and heroin use. For example, in 2014, SAMHSA's Strategic Prevention Framework--Partnerships for Success program, made preventing and reducing heroin use one of its focus areas, along with prescription drug misuse and abuse, and underage drinking. For 2016, the President has proposed $10 million for the Strategic Prevention Framework Rx, or SPF Rx, to help States use data, including PDMP data, to identify and assist communities at high risk for the nonmedical use of prescription drugs.    We want to thank you, again, for taking on this issue and for allowing SAMHSA an opportunity to share some of its efforts with you. We look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Hyde. Thank you for the question. We thought the process that we used for determining what practices were reviewed needed to be strengthened, and in the process, we have also increased the rigor with which we look at them.    Ms. Hyde. Certainly.    Ms. Hyde. Yes, Mr. Murphy, it was a concern. It was pretty much developer driven. So a developer had to want their practice to be reviewed, and then they had some control over what research we looked at. We have changed that with the new contract, which began last year, and we will help decide priorities together with the public input, but the contractor will help us look more objectively at evidence.    Ms. Hyde. Thank you for the question. The issue of pregnant and parenting women is a big one in our field. We do have a small program to address that issue, but you're right, it's a residentiallybased program.    We have increasingly been looking at ways to take what we learn in that program about the best ways to treat pregnant and parenting women and take it into other settings, so whether it's our opioid treatment programs or the training that we do for physicians who are using medication-assisted treatment to deal with pregnant and parenting women. So we're trying in every way that we can to make those services available to those women.    Ms. Hyde. You're right to be concerned about the child. What we see is that this prevents death, it prevents addiction of the baby, it prevents a lot of other issues that may come with allowing the young woman to continue with the illicit drug use or the prescription opioid misuse. So definitely providing treatment helps both the woman and the child.    Ms. Hyde. You know, most pregnant and parenting women really want to do the best thing for their babies, and they want to do the best thing for themselves, but as you've heard, addiction is a chronic disease and it's very difficult; changes the brain, changes the ability to make decisions.    The women who are in the programs that we provide support for find it a very helpful program with the kind of supports, because we provide a range of programs, and we've recently introduced medication-assisted treatment into those programs as well.    Ms. Hyde. The women who come to our programs come from a variety of places; some from the correctional system, some from physicians, some from family, some from self-referral. So they come from a number of places, and we don't make a distinction between where they come from in terms of providing the care.    Ms. Hyde. I did mention in consultation with ONDCP and also with the Department of Justice, we have changed the language in our request for applications for drug courts so that they can't require that someone either get off of or not be on medication-assisted treatment if it is prescribed appropriately by a physician or a certified program.    Ms. Hyde. That process continues. Thank you for asking the followup question. The process continues. I think the Web site that you indicated most concerns about was one of the Web sites that we were in the process of reviewing. It was originally developed based on data and knowledge from NIDA.    Ms. Hyde. And we have----    Ms. Hyde. Yes. Building blocks----    Ms. Hyde. Certainly.    Ms. Hyde. So I just wanted to add that we are working collectively on this issue and that we understand there may be some legal barriers that we've been talking to Indiana about in terms of developing opioid treatment programs, and there's not a lot of waivered physicians able to provide buprenorphine. I think the closest opioid treatment program is about 40 miles away. There may be some transportation barriers and some cost barriers and other things. So we're collectively working with the State to try to help develop alternatives.    Ms. Hyde. I really appreciate that question. It is a complex issue. And you're right; these laws and regs are decades old, before we had electronic health records, before we had collaborative care models and other things that we are now considering part of the practice.    We, a couple of years ago, put together some subregulatory guidance to try to help this issue, but that wasn't sufficient. So, last year, we held a listening session for stakeholders and have taken those pieces of input and are trying to balance the privacy concerns with the need for access to data. We hope that we will have something available for public input yet this year to try to address some of these issues.