    Mr. Santa. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Donald Santa, and I am the President and CEO of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, or INGAA. INGAA represents interstate natural gas transmission pipeline operators in the U.S. and Canada. Our 24 members operate the vast majority of the interstate natural gas transmission network, which is the natural gas industry analogue to the interstate highway system.    The approval and permitting process for interstate natural gas pipelines has become increasingly challenging. While this has been a good, albeit complex process, there have been some trends in the wrong direction. What was once orderly and predictable is now increasingly protracted and contentious. Most energy experts agree that we will need more gas pipeline infrastructure to connect the new supplies of natural gas made available by the shale revolution, and to support increased demand for gas from manufacturing and petrochemical sectors, electric generators, and other end-users. We need a process that balances thorough environmental review and active public involvement with orderly, predictable, and timely approval and permitting of necessary energy infrastructure.    If enacted, the draft bill before the subcommittee today would modestly improve the permitting process by introducing additional transparency and accountability for federal and state permitting agencies. We support these steps, but continue to urge Congress to create real consequences for agencies that fail to meet reasonable deadlines. Entities proposing to construct or expand or modify an interstate natural gas pipeline must seek a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. While the Natural Gas Act provides FERC with exclusive authority to authorize the construction and operation of interstate natural gas pipelines, a variety of other permits and authorizations are necessary in order to construct and operate such a pipeline. And I think as evidenced by Mr. Johnson's question a few minutes ago, while a lot of the dialogue this morning has been about the timeliness of FERC's action under the Natural Gas Act, the focus of the draft bill really is the timeliness of these other permits and authorizations that are necessary before a pipeline can be constructed.    The Energy Police Act of 2005 provided FERC with new authority to oversee the pipeline permitting process. First, Section 313 of EPAct 2005 clarified that FERC is the lead agency under the National Environmental Policy Act for interstate natural gas infrastructure projects. Second, this section empowered FERC to establish a schedule for all other federal authorizations. In other words, all federal and state permits required under federal law. Section 313 stated that other federal and state permitting agencies ``shall cooperate with the commission and comply with the deadlines established by the commission.'' The draft legislation would codify the FERC rule that established a deadline 90 days after the completing of FERC's NEPA review for all agencies acting under federal authority to make their final permitting decisions.    The beginning of the 90-day permitting deadline would not be the first time a permitting agency would have seen an application from a pipeline developer. By the time FERC completes its NEPA review, it reasonably can be expected that the pipeline project developer will have been engaged in a dialogue with the various permitting agencies for 12 to 18 months, or perhaps even longer. Consequently, permitting agencies will have had ample time to review a proposed project, suggest changes and modifications, and render a final decision.    Although EPAct 2005 authorized FERC to establish a deadline for permitting agencies, it did not create a mechanism for FERC to enforce such deadlines. Instead, a pipeline project developer may challenge a permitting agency's tardiness or inaction in federal court. Doing so, however, is both time-consuming and risky, and this option seldom has been exercises. The lack of permitting schedule enforceability has become the Achilles' heel in the pipeline approval and permitting process. Agencies are free to ignore FERC's deadline in what is currently a consequence-free environment.    Why is the timely approval of pipeline permits important? Pipeline infrastructure is a necessary predicate for fully realizing the benefits of America's natural gas abundance. Abundant natural gas spurred by shale development already has had a profound effect on the United States' economy.    We hope that Congress will ensure that there are consequences associated with pipeline permitting delays so that this critical energy infrastructure can be constructed on a timely basis. Transparency is certainly important, yet it needs to go hand-in-hand with clear accountability for agency inaction or delay.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Santa. No, we don't view that as a practical solution, Chairman Whitfield. For example, Ms. Elefant mentioned two instances in 10 years that someone had availed themselves of that; one of which was resolved reasonably quickly, but the other one involved multiple years, two trips to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and ultimately, the project applicant ended up walking away from the project after investing years and significant resources in trying to develop that project.    I think it is important to remember here that the current law would compel the applicant to sue the very agency from which it is trying to get the permit. Is that going to incline that agency to be more cooperative? Not to mention that same applicant may have other applications on other projects pending before that same agency.    Mr. Santa. It was 558 days.    Mr. Santa. Yes, sir. Yes, I think it was if you took into account the time from project inception, the pre-filing process----    Mr. Santa . The FERC process, the other permits----    Mr. Santa . And construction, the 5-year period is----    Mr. Santa . A reasonable estimate.    Mr. Santa. Yes, sir, that is true.    Mr. Santa. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Santa. Many parties have expressed that in connection with the Clean Power Plan. We are confident that gas and gas pipelines ultimately can meet that need, but INGAA too, in our comments on the Clean Power Plan and at the FERC technical conferences noted the timing issues in terms of the time needed to develop infrastructure versus the compliance deadlines.    Mr. Santa. It is a significant driver. There is also industrial demand that is part of the demand for those pipelines.    Mr. Santa. That is correct, sir, yes.    Mr. Santa. Yes, sir.    Mr. Santa. You are right that this does acutely affect landowners, it affects their major investment, their home, their farm, their property. It also is occasioned by the fact that we have prolific gas supplies in places that, at least in recent history, haven't been prolific supply areas, and so it has created the demand for more pipelines to get that to the market. I think that overall, the FERC does a very good job with its process. I know that INGAA and its member companies are committed to this because, beyond going through the construction and siting process, these landowners will be our neighbors for years. I think that the legislation today is intended to try to make that process more efficient and yet still respect the rights of landowners and environmental concerns, and also as part of the Administrations' Quadrennial Energy Review, the first installment focused on infrastructure, they focused on improving the permitting process.    Mr. Santa. I think that I would have to go back and look specifically at the report, but I think it gets to the issue of--and a lot of what is attempted to be addressed in the discussion draft, of other permitting agencies being involved early in the process with the FERC in working cooperatively. For example, there have been some instances where agencies will not begin their process until some other action has been taken. So rather than things occurring concurrently, they may occur sequentially. That adds to the time.    Mr. Santa. I think it was trying to address things like that.    Mr. Santa. Well, two things. Number one, Ms. Miles, I think, had some good comments on the draft where she noted that there were parts of it that could be interpreted to inhibit FERC's ability to try to resolve some of these things earlier in the process, rather than later. And I would certainly commend the subcommittee to take a look at that and see if that could be addressed.    The issue of whether it might lead to rejections as the way for the agency to act, that is actually something that we talked about last year at a hearing in conjunction with Mr. Pompeo's legislation. I know that concern was expressed. And I think on behalf of INGAA's members, we made the point that, quite frankly, we would prefer the definite answer, even if it is a negative answer, to be engaged in a protracted process of waiting for an answer.    Mr. Santa. That is a good question. I don't know. The one thing I would say is that the study that we pointed to in our testimony was released in, I believe, 2012, so it dealt with projects that were 2012 and earlier. That was before really the wave of projects and infrastructure we have seen proposed in response to the shale revolution and all of the new supply coming to the market. So I am not sure that those delays really had to do with the number of projects being proposed to the agencies, but that is a good question.    Mr. Santa. It varies because in some instances, it is a state agency acting pursuant to delegated federal authority.    Mr. Santa. For example, I think in both of the cases where pipelines have availed themselves of the judicial review provisions, they have been challenging state agency actions.    Mr. Santa. I believe one of them was Connecticut, and I believe the other one was Maryland.    Mr. Santa. That is correct, yes.    Mr. Santa. I really don't know. That is an interesting question, Mr. Green, as to whether or not that would be something that might work. I think that the provisions that are in the draft now in terms of a dispute resolution process, I think are intended to kind of go in the direction of how do we resolve these disputes. I have not heard of arbitration being suggested before in the context of a permitting agency, an applicant, and the other stakeholders.    Mr. Santa. That is correct.    Mr. Santa. Yes.    Mr. Santa. Yes.    Mr. Santa. I think that is the goal of the pre-filing is to try to get these issues on the table early to begin to resolve them, and also to deal with them in a context before you have got a FERC application, in which case the ex parte rules and various things come to attach that tend to make it more cumbersome and more difficult to resolve. So yes.