    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. Chairman Hanna, Chairman Hardy, Ranking Member Adams, and members of the Committee, thank you for inviting the Associated General Contractors of America to testify today on this important topic. My name is Jimmy Christianson. I am Regulatory Counsel for AGC, which represents more than 26,000 union and open-shop commercial construction companies throughout the Nation.    The construction industry has historically supported and provided opportunities for small businesses. It includes more than 660,000 firms throughout the United States, of which 93 percent have fewer than 20 employees. Generally speaking, those employees may include cost estimators, proposal managers, superintendents, craft labor, equipment operators, and other staff whose primary purpose is construction work.    The business of a construction small business is construction. When it comes to compliance issues, many small businesses may have one or two employees that handle safety, labor, human resources, and environmental compliance for the entire company. In many companies, the safety director is also the environmental compliance director. The human resource director is also the accountant and the general office manager. The reality is that small business employees are often working ``double duty'' because small businesses have extremely limited resources.    That stated, abiding by laws and regulations is part of the cost of doing business. The requirements of the statutes and regulations imposed, however, can also represent barriers to entry for small emerging businesses and barriers of growth to existing ones. Laws and regulations are necessary to help maintain a level and competitive playing field. Nevertheless, not all laws are necessarily good laws, and similarly, not all regulations are necessarily good regulations or practical. Laws and regulations enacted and finalized, even with the best intentions, can have unintended consequences and needlessly duplicate or confuse existing legal frameworks.    Of the more than 400 executive orders and presidential memoranda issued by President Obama, AGC has identified 22 that impact the construction contracting industry and its small businesses. Several of those actions, which I am happy to discuss in detail during the question-and-answer period, will individually and cumulatively expose small business construction contractors to significant legal costs, legal liabilities, and other risks. Small business contractors will have to consider these executive actions in the context of the potential risks versus rewards of participating in the federal construction market.    Given the overall state of the economy today, as we experience a workforce shortage, more than two-thirds of our members say they are looking for workers. The private market, other markets out there are more competitive. They will have to consider whether they will continue to work in the federal market or, as they have told me, plan to or strongly consider walking away. The administration probably did not intend to drive small businesses out of the Federal market in implementing these actions; nevertheless, it appears to be a realistic impact.    AGC looks forward to working with this Committee on ways to prevent small businesses from leaving the Federal market and addressing the problems with several of these executive actions. I hope today that we can talk about the practical realities that these executive orders place on small businesses. I hope we can talk about the reality that many small businesses already in the construction industry have Davis-Bacon requirements that require them to pay prevailing wage rates. How will these different executive orders on paid sick leave take into account, because many of them do not, existing statutory requirements that are already in there? We will also remember that most small businesses, veteran-owned small businesses, minority-owned small businesses, the small businesses we represent, consider their workers in many cases to be part of their family, just as many of you consider your employees and your congressional staff to be part of your family, and it is hard when rules and regulations come down that make them have to make decisions that have to say we have to let go of some members of our family.    I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. Sure. The fact is that the agency's position is that we leave it up to--we believe it is the decision of the contractor and laborer to come to a collectively bargained agreement, project labor agreement, and that government mandating those agreements is not a good idea because they do not have the expertise necessarily to do so. They do not have the parties in the construction industry to do so. But when you are dealing with open shop, take for example a very open shop area maybe in the middle of Nevada where there are not many union contractors, if you are all of a sudden mandating that there has to be some sort of union work in an area that is predominately open shop, you are going to have these companies basically change the way that they do work to do a project and they are probably just not going to fit the project.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. Construction is an inherently regional business. In many states, different coasts, you have different projects in different areas. You are working out of trailers. Especially in small businesses, you may not have the technology that a multibillion-dollar company has to track these things. I think the more fundamental question is why do the agencies that actually charge these contractors with infractions not have these records? They are the ones that are ultimately bringing these actions. Why are they asking contractors to do this? Should they not already have this information?    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. I do not think so, what is going on here is there is more problems that are created. I think many of these are solutions looking for problems in the sense that, for example, with paid sick leave, most of our union contractors as we found out, do not really provide paid sick leave, because through collective bargaining, they collectively bargain for higher wages than even Davis-Bacon wages to take into account things like you are not working. It is a seasonal industry, so you are not working all the time. If you have paid sick leave during the time that people should be on the job, you are going to change construction schedules. You are going to delay projects, you are going to add to costs. We had one company, for example, that said take off the entire month of December. But now, because of the paid sick leave executive order, they are not going to be able to do that. Take off extra time for the holidays, they are not going to be able to do it.    The other thing is, in certain states and cities, you have state paid sick leave rules. You have city paid sick leave rules and now federal paid sick leave rules. So if you are on a federal contract, some of your employees may have federal paid sick leave requirements. If you have a state contract, you have state paid sick leave requirements. And then local, what do you follow? That is really the problem.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. We do not disagree necessarily that it has been a long time since the overtime wages have been increased or the thresholds have been increased. But the issue is the practicality of more than doubling that threshold and making small businesses have to adhere to that in under a year's time. To have to plan for that is really just not----    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. We are always interested in talking. We did not really have the opportunity to talk. That is what happened here is we had an opportunity to talk about the impacts but it does not seem like the administration did any listening.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. You know, you cannot get something from nothing. Small businesses are not all of a sudden going to be able to pay everyone overtime that are under this threshold. Some people are now going to be hourly workers. They basically feel like they have been demoted, which is not necessarily true, but just the reality if they want to stay on the job, the company has the same amount of finite limited amount of funds. They are going to readdress what level certain people are paid, how many hours people work, so that they can adjust accordingly.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. The fact is an executive order cannot do that. It is not lawful. They cannot change state law by executive fiat. So the question itself is one that I do not think is even realistic.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. If the federal government contracts were to fall in line with other requirements, that would be, beneficial assuming that requirement in itself is beneficial.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. First of all, Mr. Kelly mentioned or acknowledged that I am a small business owner. I am not. I am a regulatory counsel. I do not have that honor of being a small business owner, I represent them.    Mr. CHRISTIANSON. Work with many, and I have my job in many thanks to the regulations and the confusion that the President has put forth. AGC created this position recently for me as a result of all the questions small businesses were asking. So I, in part, am part of the job growth lawyers as a result of this. I do not think that is what you all think of job growth when you think of small businesses.    But on your question, in the commercial construction industry, small businesses could be $36.5 million or below. If you have a contractor that is $5 million versus $30 million, and you are going after the same set-aside work and now you have to comply with equally confusing and burdensome regulations, your overhead costs as a percentage if you are that $5 million company is going to be way higher than that one for that $30 million company. So you are now at a competitive disadvantage completely. You are going to have to hire, not me as the association lawyer, me as the outside counsel because I can tell you that I talked to our general counsel before coming. He does not know of any commercial construction company that had their own in-house lawyers or attorney below $100 million. They hire outside counsel at $400 an hour and hire consultants to do this.