    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Glaser, what is the current policy of the administration regarding U.S. dollars in Iran or--U.S. dollars are hard currency, right? You would characterize that as hard currency?    Mr. Perry. And what is the current policy regarding hard currency, particularly U.S. dollars, in Iran?    Mr. Perry. All right. So we are trying to ensure that they don't get hard currency, particularly U.S. dollars, right?    I am sure you are aware that the Iranians' Guardian Council just approved the military budget for 2016-2017, which increased their military budget by 90 percent, including $1.7 billion transferred by the U.S. Treasury in January, which allegedly has nothing to do with the prisoner swap that happened--or, correction, a U.S. hostage swap that happened literally at the same time.    I am just wondering, that transfer of $1.7 billion, what currency was that? What was that currency that was transferred?    Mr. Perry. $1.7 billion. You have no idea?    Mr. Perry. All right. All right. If you would, please, for the record, I would like the answer to that.    You know, the fact that it went directly to the military, to the Iranian military, at this point, looking at ISIS taking the American equipment left in Iraq, which, you know, paid for with American tax dollars, is it fair for me to answer my constituents who say to me, haven't we now funded both sides of this war, is it fair to say we have in some sense? I mean, it is not a ``gotcha'' question, but, I mean, literally, haven't we essentially funded both sides of this war?    Mr. Perry. Why not?    Mr. Perry. Wait, wait, wait. ISIS has American-paid-for equipment, military equipment paid for by the American taxpayers, right? So they are on one side of the operation.    And we just gave $1.7 billion to Iran in some currency; we don't know right now what that is, at least you don't know. And they sent it directly to the military, increased their military spending this year by 90 percent. That is on the other side.    How is this not the American taxpayer being on both sides of this fight?    Mr. Perry. Right.    Mr. Perry. Well, it wasn't the Russians.    Mr. Perry. It wasn't the Chinese.    Mr. Perry. It is not the Mexicans.    Mr. Perry. Let me ask you, with this $1.7 billion payment to Iran essentially at the very same time five U.S. hostages were sent home and the perception from Americans that it was payment in ransom and, as stated by Iran, that it was paid for--they called them spies, not hostages--doesn't this undermine our policy that we would hope other nations would take to not pay ransoms? How do we have the moral authority to request that they not pay ransom when it appears to anybody who is looking that we have paid $1.7 billion to Iran for five hostages?    Mr. Perry. So if we pay and we get hostages at the same time and we just say we didn't, then that equates to it not being that? Essentially, suspend reality and just say, well, it is two different things.    I mean, that is rhetorical. I apologize.    Mr. Keller, hawala. If you can tell us anything you know about what we are doing about hawala being used for illicit purposes, particularly to fund terrorism, what you are doing, and if you have any ideas for how the U.S. Congress can help in that effort.    Mr. Perry. But it is not just ISIL-related. Hawala is used for various measures by numerous countries, not just ISIL and not just Iraq. So is there anything that the Congress can do in that regard that we haven't done already?    Mr. Perry. One final question in that vein, if the chairman will indulge me. Do you have any way to quantify when you say they can be helpful? So the American people are going to pay a certain amount to aid these other countries. How do we quantify the results? How do we quantify what we paid for and what we got? Is there any way?    Mr. Perry. I look forward to your response.    Mr. Chairman, I yield.