    Mr.  Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my privilege to welcome Pennsylvania's Insurance Commissioner, Teresa Miller, to the Financial Services Committee today. Commissioner Miller was confirmed to her role in June of last year. In that capacity, see oversees the fifth largest insurance market in the country, and the fourteenth largest in the world in terms of premium volume. This is a significant and challenging responsibility in our large and diverse State.    Fortunately, Commissioner Miller brings years of experience to her new appointment and to our subcommittee today, having previously served in Oregon's insurance division as well as in the private sector. She will be speaking to us today not just as Pennsylvania's Insurance Commissioner, but also as an active NAIC member.    Commissioner Miller serves on the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance (FIO), providing advice and recommendations to the Federal Insurance Office on issues such as automobile insurance affordability, and international insurance developments. Given Pennsylvania's history of flooding, and ongoing concerns about the impact of flood insurance policy on its citizens, I expect Commissioner Miller to provide welcome insight into the future of the NFIP and impactful reforms for the committee to consider. Thank you again for coming, Commissioner Miller, and I yield back.    Mr.  Rothfus. Thank you.    Ms. Miller, I am going to talk a little bit about the surplus lines insurers. You mentioned in your testimony that there is a growing appetite in the surplus lines market to provide private flood insurance coverage and that Pennsylvania has had some success with surplus lines carriers offering flood insurance. Taking a national perspective, do you feel comfortable with surplus lines carriers writing private flood policies?    Mr.  Rothfus. Can you talk a little bit about the regulation of the surplus lines insurers? How do State insurance regulators monitor the financial health of surplus lines insurers?    Mr.  Rothfus. What kind of misconduct are you talking about?    Mr.  Rothfus. These are basic consumer protection items that you are talking about?    Mr.  Rothfus. Great.    Mr. Birnbaum, you expressed concerns in your written testimony about the level of regulation and policyholder protection for surplus lines that are not admitted insurers. In fact, on page 21 of your testimony, you state that Ross-Murphy ``sets the table for more problems for consumers who have purchased the surplus lines policies when and if that occurs.'' I would point out that Commissioner Miller, from my home State, reports at least 5 surplus lines carriers have sold flood insurance in Pennsylvania, writing around 1,000 policies, and that the State closely monitors surplus lines business. What evidence do you have to show that State Insurance Commissioners or State regulators have not protected consumers, particularly with policies sold through non-admitted carriers via surplus lines?    Mr.  Rothfus. What evidence? I am looking for what evidence that you have where you can show me where this has been an issue.    Mr.  Rothfus. You are saying, ``could, could, could.'' I am looking for specific examples where it has actually happened. What evidence? That is what I am looking for from you.    Mr.  Rothfus. But State regulators would have the authority to go after them. Would State regulators have the authority under existing--    Mr.  Rothfus. Ms. Miller, would you care to respond to that?    Mr.  Rothfus. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.