    Mr. Mitchell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Dan Mitchell, and I am a senior fellow at the Cato Institute. I appreciate the opportunity to summarize my testimony here.    Our Nation faces very serious, long-run fiscal challenges thanks to changing demographics and poorly designed entitlement programs. All of you know that from various reports from CBO, OMB, GAO, and private forecasters. I would say all these estimates that we get tend to focus on the red ink, which I think is useful information, but I also think it is incomplete because what we should be focusing on is the underlying burden of government spending.    The red ink is the symptom, and excessive government spending is the underlying problem. And that spending, whether it is financed by taxes, borrowing, or printing money, is what entails to a diversion of resources from the productive sector of the economy.    It is also best to focus on government spending because projections of ever-larger levels of long-run debt are the result of ever-expanding amounts of Federal spending, not inadequate tax receipts.    If you look at the CBO numbers that just came out, it is very clear that tax revenues already are above their long-run average, and not only that, but they are going to continue to increase over time, not because of legislated tax increases, but simply because some parts of the Tax Code aren't indexed to inflation, and also even low levels of economic growth will result in what is called real bracket creep over time.    So when you are looking 1 decade, 2 decades, 3 decades down the road, Federal tax revenue will be growing as a share of the economy. The problem that we have with our long-run fiscal forecast is not on the revenue side of the equation. Revenues are growing, but the burden of government spending is growing even faster.    And as I mentioned before, it is largely because of entitlement programs combined with changing demographics. A reasonable-sized welfare state is possible when you have a traditional population pyramid. But because of aging population and falling birthrates, we are moving toward a population cylinder, and that is going to create very, very serious problems. Indeed, if you look at some of these forecasts, we are on a path to becoming a failed European-style welfare state.    As a matter of fact, if you look at some of the long-run numbers, not only from our own agencies, but if you look at what the International Monetary Fund is projecting, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the Bank for International Settlements, they all show numbers that are actually worse than what you see in terms of the long-run forecasts for France, Italy, Greece, and places like that.    Now, I actually think those estimates are a little bit too pessimistic because they are basically premised on the notion that we have this big, built-in increase in government spending and tax revenues are growing only very slowly as a share of the economy and they assume compounding levels of government debt.    We could actually solve that problem relatively simply by simply putting a cap on government spending. And so, even though these long-run forecasts show us with more long-run debt than France and Greece and Italy, I actually think our problem is much easier to solve because they are already at levels where the government is consuming more than half of the productive sector of the economy, and their tax burdens are at or above the revenue-maximizing level. That is a much, much harder problem to solve.    We do have this long-run problem, so the question is, however you measure it, how do we solve it? Should the debt limit be an action-forcing event for fiscal reform?    And my conclusion is yes, because it beats the alternative. And here is an example that I shared with the Senate Budget Committee a couple of years ago. Look at Greece today, a very deep recession, a completely miserable economic situation, incredibly high levels of unemployment, including 50 percent unemployment for young people. Why are they in this mess? Because they had a fiscal crisis.    Imagine, though, if 15 or 20 or 25 years ago Greece had something akin to the debt limit, some action-forcing event. And let us say that some lawmakers 15 or 20 or 25 years ago threw sand in the gears, caused shutdowns, caused debt limit fights, whatever you want to call it, but imagine if all that had forced Greece to engage in reform. It might have caused a little bit of discomfort then, but it would have saved the Greek people from the much, much deeper levels of misery that they are suffering now.    And I sort of view the whole debt limit fights or government shutdown fights, any of the fights that we are having now, sequester fights, they are basically an opportunity to save America from enduring that kind of suffering that the Greek people are dealing with. And so that is why a debt limit fight or some other fight would be necessary.    Now there are, of course, arguments against this approach. One of the arguments is, and we saw this with the July 2015 GAO report, that, oh, if you have these debt limit fights, what is going to happen? You are going to have higher levels of interest on the debt. Again, that is peanuts compared to the long-term suffering that might occur.    And the other argument is that you are going to have a default or you are not going to be able to pay interest on the debt.    I will close with simply the point that in 2017, the next time we have a debt limit, CBO projects that revenues will be more than $3.5 trillion and they project that interest on the debt will be $308 billion, more than 11 times as much revenue as would be needed. So prioritization, not desirable, but it would work.    Thank you.    Mr. Mitchell. If you look at the data in Greece, the unemployment rate, the actual, genuine spending cuts, not just spending cuts off a baseline, but the actual spending cuts that Greece has been forced to make, that was the thrust of my presentation. If you wait too long, if you keep kicking the can down the road, when the crisis eventually does occur it is much, much more serious.    So that is why I think whatever short-term hiccup we have because we are fighting over a debt limit or something like that is a much easier and lower price to pay than the kinds of very negative consequences that the Greek people, especially low-income Greek people, have suffered as a result of the crisis.    Mr. Mitchell. Two things, sir. Presumably, legislation wouldn't be needed because I am sure Treasury, if push came to shove, would prioritize because no Treasury Secretary would actually want to have default. And it is important to underscore that default, that paying P&I first doesn't mean that you are ``defaulting'' on other obligations. It simply means that they are being postponed.    Which brings up my second point. Plenty of State and local governments already do this. If States that are considered chronically mismanaged, like California, manage to prioritize at times when they run into their own fiscal challenges, I am sure that Treasury has all the expertise it would need to prioritize as well.    Mr. Mitchell. I definitely think it would be good to pass the legislation, even though, in reality, I think Treasury would do the right thing anyhow.    Mr. Mitchell. If you look at the just-released CBO report, we could balance the budget by 2026 if we simply limit the growth of spending to 2.5 percent a year. The problem, of course, is on the baseline, spending is projected to grow more than 4 percent a year. So we are not talking about cutting necessarily, although there are plenty of programs and departments that should be cut, we are talking about limiting the aggregate growth of spending that is paid within that limit.    Mr. Mitchell. No, it is not pain-free at all. The interest groups would squeal if all of a sudden they were put on a diet, but that is exactly what things like a debt limit theoretically would do, force debate.    Mr. Mitchell. If you look at the GAO report from July 2015, they estimate that tens of millions of dollars of additional interests costs resulted from the Administration's lack of forthcomingness, honesty.    Mr. Mitchell. It is ultimately a matter of trust whether or not investors will get paid back. And as Dr. Stone mentioned, Japan is still borrowing at 200 percent of GDP. We are borrowing right now at very low rates of interest, so we are trusted. As a matter of fact, you could maybe make an argument that we are too trusted, that markets are too trusting of government. Because if you go back 10 years, Greece was borrowing at very low rates.    Mr. Mitchell. I am very concerned that with a long-term future of government growing faster than the private sector, we are on a path to becoming Greece if we don't engage in structural reform.    Mr. Mitchell. Normally, I am a pessimist, but for 5 years in a row the House has voted for a budget resolution that is based on the assumption of some genuine and serious reform to slow the growth of entitlement spending.    And the Senate even did something sort of like that last year. So I think there is a recognition, to some degree, that there is a very serious problem.    Obviously, those moves in Congress couldn't go anywhere because of opposition from the White House. But maybe, just maybe, within a couple of years we will be able to take a serious step in terms of preventing America from become Greece.    Mr. Mitchell. Thank you very much, Mr. Mitchell.    Dr. Stone, what do you think? Do you think we have enough people in Congress on both sides of the aisle? I know we do on this side. Do you think we have enough on the Democrats' side who are fiscally disciplined and conservative enough to start getting their act together and start living within our means? What do you think, sir?    Mr. Mitchell. As Dr. de Rugy said, the 1983 Social Security commission did lead to some significant tax increases. It did not lead to the kind of long-run structural reform that I think would have been a better approach.    I do like the idea of doing anything, including commissions, that will at least help to inform the debate. But I am just not overly happy with the results we got from that one.    Mr. Mitchell. As I mentioned before, Japan has government debt 200 percent of GDP. They can still borrow. Argentina would probably be in default if they tried to go to 50 percent of GDP. So it really depends on the underlying conditions in the country, which is why I think the most important thing to focus on is capping the growth of government spending relative to the economy.    The Swiss debt brake does that; it has been very, very successful. Hong Kong, Article 107 of their basic law, the goal isn't to balance the budget per se, it is to make sure government doesn't grow faster than the private sector.    If we could have a rule like that where you address the underlying disease of too much government, then the symptom of red ink disappears. So I want to deal with the underlying problem. We deal with the underlying problem and the symptom of borrowing goes away.