    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, in Louisiana we have a saying that the chef should occasionally taste her own sauce. What do I mean by that?    I want to bring up a different issue, but it is connected. Are you familiar with the Camp Minden issue, relative to the EPA? It was handled out of Dallas.    Dr. Fleming. What happened was there was a big explosion in 2012, as a result of propellant, this explosive that had accumulated over 15 million pounds; and it was a lack of oversight by the U.S. Army over this private company that allowed this to happen.    So, we had the problem with, ``How were we going to get rid of this 15 million pounds? '' And, of course, EPA became involved. But we were shocked that the EPA, first of all, said, ``Well, we are not sure. I guess the local state would probably have to pay for it.'' We finally got money from the Superfund.    Then, after analysis, the EPA said, ``We are just going to burn it in the open,'' which means all of these toxic substances--arsenic, lead, whatever--going into the air, into our ground, and into our water.    Now, I think back about the coal industry that has been more or less severely hampered, if not shut down, because of CO<INF>2</INF> emissions, which certainly is not as toxic--if toxic at all--as arsenic and lead. We have coal-fired plants being shut down and now we have the Waters of the U.S. But I was shocked, and the local community was shocked, when the EPA came in and said, ``We see nothing wrong with the open burn of 15 million pounds of propellant.''    We pushed back on it. We had many hearings locally. We finally got the EPA to back down and to allow a closed burning, which is a more costly procedure. It really seems ironic to me that the EPA, which can provide huge fines on private industry and individuals, and can actually put people in jail through criminal activities of pollution, would be so cavalier in this case. In fact, only because of pushback from the community did we get the EPA to do the right thing. The EPA was clearly trying to take the shortcuts and avoid the cost.    Then you look at this situation. Incompetently, the EPA allowed, of course, this toxic spill, this water that is now in our environment; it will never be cleaned up completely. I guess what I am saying is it seems like, to me, there is a double standard. The EPA is not holding itself to the same standards that you hold individuals and industry itself to.    Dr. Fleming. Yes.    Dr. Fleming. But here is my question, Ms. McCarthy----    Dr. Fleming. I appreciate that. My question is that private citizens, Americans, and companies----    Dr. Fleming . Are held to a high standard, and the punishments are severe. But, we are not hearing today of any punishments, or reductions in pay, or even firings that are going to occur because of this incompetency. That is the point I am making, it is a double standard.    Yes, I know you are doing the best you can, and so forth. But one agency after another, the VA and now the EPA, has these responsibilities and these broad powers that no single company has, to inflict damage, to inflict severe punishment and penalties on Americans. Yet we do not find anything within the Agency where the decisionmakers and the people with all this power have any accountability for that.    Dr. Fleming. We will certainly want to hear who those decisionmakers were and what happened to them. Thank you, and I yield back.