    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    The easiest thing in the world is to spend other people's money, and unfortunately, we have seen over and over and over and over again that there apparently are no fiscal conservatives at the Pentagon. They can say they are good stewards of the public's money, but actions speak much louder than words. And Mr. Sopko's 30-something reports have listed hundreds of examples of just ridiculous waste. I mean, I have got in front of me an NPR report with $770 million on aircraft for Afghanistan that the military can't use, a report that was in all kinds of papers, $34 million on a white elephant headquarters that will never be used.    In fact, in the NPR report Mr. Sopko is quoted as saying ``the joke in my office is we will eventually see a base where on one side of the base they are destroying it while on the other side they are building it, and then they will probably meet in the middle.'' It is really sad. One organization that looked at this found $17 billion in waste.    There has been so much waste in Iraq and Afghanistan. I know that a few days ago I think a Senate committee got very upset about a hearing about $6 million spent on nine blond goats from Italy. Are you familiar with the blond goats, Mr. Sopko?    Mr. Duncan. Well, it is just really sad, and the American people are disgusted about this. I represent a very pro-military district, but I will tell you that I have been here a long time, and I voted for the first war in Iraq because I heard about Saddam Hussein's elite troops and how great a threat they were, and then I saw those same elite troops surrendering to CNN camera crews and empty tanks. So realized then the threat had been greatly exaggerated.    So I became very skeptical about the second Iraq war, and so they called me down to a little room at the White house with Condoleezza Rice and George Tenet, the head of the CIA. Lawrence Lindsey, the President's economic advisor had said that day or the day before that a war with Iraq would cost us $200 billion. He was fired. I asked about that. Condoleezza Rice said, oh, no, it wouldn't cost us anything like that. It will be $50 or $60 billion and we get some of that back from our allies.    My point is all of these actions in Iraq and Afghanistan, there has been so much waste, it is just unbelievable, and yet we are still doing it after 15 years. And this estimate of $50 or $60 billion by Condoleezza Rice and then we end up spending trillions. And it is just really, really sad.    I end up voting against the second war in Iraq, and it was probably the most unpopular vote I have ever done for 3 or 4 years, but what was the most unpopular vote has, over the years, turned into the most popular vote I have ever done because the American people are just fed up with this waste, and they are just feeling like we are long past the time when we need to stop trying to run the whole world and we start putting our own people in our own country first once again.    And I just want to say again, Mr. Sopko, I am very grateful and thankful for the work that you have done over there pointing out this so hopefully we won't keep doing these types of things in the future.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.