    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today. The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, is a statutory part of the Office of Management and Budget within the Executive Office of the President. The office serves as the U.S. Government's central authority for the review of executive branch regulations. As Administrator of OIRA, I believe strongly in the importance of congressional oversight and the value that Congress provides ensuring that OIRA, OMB, and the administration are working in the most effective and efficient way on behalf of the public. I am committed to working with Congress and this committee and to provide the information this committee needs to conduct its lawful oversight functions.    OIRA works with OMB's Office of Legislative Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, and other offices within OMB to respond to congressional requests for information, briefings, and documents, relating to issues under OIRA's purview. OMB as an organization strives to provide transparent responses to those congressional inquiries in a timely manner. OIRA has a broad portfolio that ranges from coordination of governmentwide information with statistical policy to review of executive branch regulations to international regulatory cooperation.    Pursuant to Executive Order 12866 and Executive Order 13563, OIRA is responsible for review of significant Federal actions issued by executive departments and agencies. OIRA works under long-established principles that have been implemented across several administrations of both parties.    OIRA is a relatively small office of approximately 50 employees. The sheer volume of work the dedicated OIRA staff does related to rulemakings, information collections, and other matters is impressive. In 2015 alone, OIRA reviewed over 400 rulemakings, over 2,800 information collections, and held hundreds of meetings at the request of stakeholders of all kinds, including numerous meetings by phone and in person with Members of Congress and their staff at their request. We are committed to maintaining the integrity of regulatory review and ensuring the process is accessible and responsive.    The committee has asked me to testify today about its request for information related to OIRA's review of the Clean Water rule defining Waters of the United States that the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Army finalized last year.    Since this committee's initial request and subsequent subpoena, OIRA has worked with others within OMB in a good-faith effort to respond to the committee's request related to this rule. To that end, we, to date, have provided eight sets of responsive documents to the committee. These productions have so far provided the committee with over 6,400 pages of documents, the vast majority of which consist of nonpublic information. We have made these productions to the committee without any substantive redactions. Our most recent production to the committee, on April 7, 2016, less than 2 weeks ago, was our largest to date. Additionally, we have continued to provide regular productions to the committee as we continue working through our review to identify responsive information.    We have also voluntarily agreed to a number of transcribed interviews of OIRA officials. To date, the committee has interviewed two senior OIRA officials involved with review of the rule. I have also agreed to participate in a transcribed interview, which I understand has now been scheduled.    This is also my second time testifying before this committee on its interest in OIRA's review of the Clean Water rule within a little over a month. OMB's Associate Director for Legislative Affairs also testified before this committee in January of this year on the same topic.    In short, OMB is working diligently to satisfy the committee's request and to answer your questions concerning OIRA's review of the Clean Water rule. We remain committed to Congress' oversight process and look forward to continuing to work cooperatively with the committee. Thank you again for your time and attention. I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Shelanski. I believe that is correct, yes.    Mr. Shelanski. I believe that is correct, yes.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. It was a very broad subpoena, but I understood the subpoena.    Mr. Shelanski. No, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. I don't know what the exact percentage is, in part because the subpoena goes back 9 years to June of 2006, and so I don't know what the full volume of documents ultimately would be. I do know that we have turned over a large number of documents, documents that we have prioritized the review of pursuant to counsel from your staff.    Mr. Shelanski. We agree that you should receive the information that you need for your oversight review, and that is why we have continued to review and work through our documents as quickly as we can in response to your request.    Mr. Shelanski. I believe you should get all of the documents that are responsive to your request.    Mr. Shelanski. Without knowing what the documents are sir, without knowing what we are looking for, a lot of documents we have reviewed are nonresponsive. A lot of them contain other kinds of information. I believe you should get all the information you need for your oversight, and that is why we continue to work with your staff and to follow their counsel until you're satisfied.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes.    Mr. Shelanski. We have been very responsive.    Mr. Shelanski. To date, we have turned over our documents without redaction, and we have not withheld any documents that we have reviewed.    Mr. Shelanski. Of the documents that we have reviewed that are responsive to your subpoena, we have produced those to the committee.    Mr. Shelanski. Our review is ongoing, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Because it takes time to review the documents. The subpoena is----    Mr. Shelanski. All of the documents need to be read. We need to make sure that they're responsive.    Mr. Shelanski. At this point, our documents, sir, that we have turned over have been unredacted.    Mr. Shelanski. We are not nonresponsive, sir. We have turned over--since the last hearing--we have turned over roughly 1,500 additional----    Mr. Shelanski. Because the review is ongoing, because we have prioritized the review of documents that your staff has advised us to prioritize. This is a 9-year subpoena.    Mr. Shelanski. We have not finished reviewing all of the 9 years covered by the subpoena, sir, so there are going to be documents that continue to be produced to the committee as we complete that review.    Mr. Shelanski. I think roughly half a dozen people are involved with the review.    Mr. Shelanski. They would include our Office of General Counsel.    Mr. Shelanski. I believe that they include Ilona Cohen, our general counsel; Charles Luftig, our deputy general counsel. I am not sure of the names of all of their staff that are working with them on this, so it would include our Office of Legislative Affairs.    Mr. Shelanski. My understanding is we are working with your committee and making the productions to you here in Congress.    Mr. Shelanski. As we review, we have withheld nothing----    Mr. Shelanski. You should not hold me in contempt of Congress because we have been responsive to this. We were on our third production of documents prior to receiving your subpoena.    Mr. Shelanski. Right. And we have already acknowledged that, after receiving the subpoena, we were slow, but then we had two document productions in December. And most of the production of documents that we have provided to you, sir, are nonpublic documents that consist of the communications that your staff asked us to prioritize, communications between the OIRA officials reviewing the rule and agency staff during the proposed rule phase, and we have moved forward with that. To date----    Mr. Shelanski. Vlad Dorjets is a desk officer within OIRA who worked on the final----    Mr. Shelanski. I understand that that discussion is ongoing between my staff and yours.    Mr. Shelanski. We will make available to you and the committee, Mr. Chairman, all of the witnesses that you need for your oversight purposes.    Mr. Shelanski. Ms. Higgins is also a desk officer.    Mr. Shelanski. He is also a desk officer.    Mr. Shelanski. She's an analyst in our office.    Mr. Shelanski. We have about just under 50.    Mr. Shelanski. Within my office, within OIRA itself?    Mr. Shelanski. Within OIRA itself, everybody who was involved with the rule would be contributing to the effort.    Mr. Shelanski. I don't really know. I would guess five or six.    Mr. Shelanski. In July of 2015.    Mr. Shelanski. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. The subpoena was for all documents related to our review of the Clean Water rule.    Mr. Shelanski. It was hard to guess because we were instructed to go back to June 19, 2006, and we really didn't have any idea what might be----    Mr. Shelanski. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. What we have tried to do is follow the counsel we received from committee staff as to where to begin our review of documents for production. We were originally asked to focus on the proposed rule, and we, therefore, turned over documents--prior to the subpoena--two production's worth, including communications between me and the Administrator of the EPA during the review of the proposed rule.    Mr. Shelanski. So the first thing that happened is, obviously, I was concerned that our production prior to the subpoena had not been sufficient to satisfy Mr. Meadows' and the chairman's request.    Mr. Shelanski. That is correct. And we had made two productions and were preparing our third at that time.    Mr. Shelanski. I believe the first production was several hundred pages, and that consisted mostly of things that, while they were covered by the request, were publicly obtainable.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes.    Mr. Shelanski. I do know that there was an effort during that time to find out from committee staff what they wanted us to prioritize, what they were most interested in.    Mr. Shelanski. That is correct. The search terms that we used in consultation with the committee staff were very broad because we wanted to try to capture everything that we could. We then went through to review the documents, and I made it clear to my staff throughout OIRA, actually prior to the subpoena and then again, that anybody who had any interaction with the rule was--and, in fact, everybody was to search their documents and to make them available.    Mr. Shelanski. I was disappointed to receive the subpoena because I felt like we were working very hard to try to comply. In fact, just before receiving the subpoena, we had produced correspondence between me and the EPA leadership. We had notified the committee that we were producing several hundred additional pages within a week or two, which indeed we did a week after we received the subpoena. A lot of that material was deliberative process, confidential material, and we noted that in the letters.    And we then proceeded to work very hard once we received the subpoena--and we have acknowledged we were a little bit slow out of the box for a variety of reasons--but then have come forward with five additional productions since then.    Mr. Shelanski. They have, over 6,400 pages of documents and of the documents that we understood were most relevant, and while we're not ending there, we wanted to start with what the committee thought was most relevant.    Mr. Shelanski. Because we're continuing to review the documents that we searched, I don't know what the total number is. Many of the documents that we get at any moment are nonresponsive because the search terms are very broad. I would note that we have not withheld one document, and we have not redacted any of the documents that we have sent for anything except, for example, a personal phone number or something that is of a personal nature.    Mr. Shelanski. My sworn testimony is that in our productions to date, we have withheld nothing. There is no document the committee has asked for that we have not turned over.    Mr. Shelanski. We are hiding absolutely nothing, but we are continuing to review. We are not hiding, but we are not finished.    Mr. Shelanski. It is the standard practice, as I have been led to understand.    Mr. Shelanski. We are working as quickly as we're able to review the documents and produce them to the committee.    Mr. Shelanski. Is that better?    Mr. Shelanski. Closer?    Mr. Shelanski. When we started our production, we wanted to start with the material that was responsive but that would be publicly available, not necessarily----    Mr. Shelanski. Well, some of them----    Mr. Shelanski. And very quickly thereafter in our second production, we had documents that were certainly nonpublic, and we are in the process of preparing a substantial additional document----    Mr. Shelanski. We have been working very hard to----    Mr. Shelanski. We've been doing the best we can after what we've acknowledged, Mr. Meadows, was a slow start since----    Mr. Shelanski. It's not true that we didn't do anything, sir. The beginnings of a response to a subpoena first involve the search for the documents.    Mr. Shelanski. Again, I----    Mr. Shelanski. I--are you referring to the number of documents?    Mr. Shelanski. I don't know what the number of documents was.    Mr. Shelanski. My documents have been turned over. My documents were produced in the second--documents of mine. I mean, I think my----    Mr. Shelanski. I think there are probably more of my documents that are being reviewed. I can't sit here today and tell you that a hundred----    Mr. Shelanski. My documents were included--documents of mine, including documents that we were told were of greatest interest to this committee, were turned over in our second production prior to the subpoena.    Mr. Shelanski. Okay.    Mr. Shelanski. I do not know, sir, what the total number----    Mr. Shelanski. Because a review is ongoing. The search terms were very, very broad, and when a lot of the documents----    Mr. Shelanski. Trying to answer, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. The search terms that we've been using--and we have advised your staff of what those search terms are--are very broad. In addition to the search that each person in OIRA has done, there are electronic searches that are run on all of these documents, and I do not know the full number of documents that that electronic search----    Mr. Shelanski. --has turned----    Mr. Shelanski. So I want to make very clear what the--what my testimony is, since I don't know what testimony you're referring to with the other OIRA officials.    My testimony is that of the documents of mine that have so far been reviewed for production to the committee, they have gone to you unredacted, and there is no document that is identified by this committee that we have said we would not produce.    Mr. Shelanski. I know that the total number of pages we've turned over to this committee----    Mr. Shelanski. I'm talking about the documents that we have reviewed and turned over to the committee so far, more than 6,400 pages, most of it----    Mr. Shelanski. Mr. Meadows, I've been trying as sincerely as I can to answer your questions. When I can't answer the question or don't know the answer, I've told you that. I've tried to make clear exactly what my answer is. For example, my documents are being reviewed under the same standards as everybody else's----    Mr. Shelanski. Of my total documents? Since I don't----    Mr. Shelanski. And, again, I have made clear to you that I don't know the answer to what----    Mr. Shelanski. --is.    Mr. Shelanski. That is correct.    Mr. Shelanski. I've heard various statements to that effect, yes.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, I was.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    Yes, my agency is trying as hard as possible to cooperate with this committee.    Mr. Shelanski. I pledge our absolute commitment to continuing to cooperate with this committee and as quickly as possible to getting them the material they need for their----    Mr. Shelanski. No, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you, Mr. Cummings. We just seek to continue to have cooperative discussions with the committee staff so that we know what documents they are most interested in and we can know what to prioritize next in our review.    As I tried to make clear in response to Mr. Meadows' statement, I have turned over all of my documents for review; all of our documents have been searched and are being reviewed; and we have been producing them to this committee as quickly as we can get through them.    Mr. Shelanski. No, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. We've been speeding up. In fact, following up on our commitment to this committee in two recent hearings, we have increased our level of production, and we are working to--and I'm very hopeful we are nearing the stage where we will complete this phase and get good guidance from the committee staff on what they would like us to prioritize next.    I would also note we have two senior officials--in regard to Mr. Mica's comment about agencies producing low-level officials--we are producing our very senior officials' information and availability for transcribed interviews first. We are starting at the top, and we are going to continue to work with the committee as quickly as possible to complete our production.    Mr. Shelanski. I had never dealt with one prior to this.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. When we began our document review, began to produce documents to this committee, we focused initially on the proposed rule stage, given the request, as we understood it, and the guidance we received from committee staff. So we identified the principal custodians that we thought were most relevant there. As we've moved forward and the committee expressed interest in the additional custodians, we have prioritized those and, indeed, produced those documents in our last production.    Mr. Shelanski. It is my belief that if there are any additional custodians, they have had a far lesser role and would not have been the principal people involved with reviewing the rule.    Mr. Shelanski. We have done that. The problem is that----    Mr. Shelanski. The initial identification of four was related to our focus on the period of the proposed rule and those were the relevant custodians. The additional ones that have been identified are as we have moved to reviewing documents in the final rule stage and, again, were people who I think really had far lesser roles. Sometimes documents are----    Mr. Shelanski. No, and it is our duty to be responsive in that regard.    Mr. Shelanski. Well, we've been reviewing----    Mr. Shelanski. No, sir. In all sincerity, we have long acknowledged that our initial response was slow. If you look at our productions, our last five productions, we have committed to regular productions, and we have met those productions. We have also committed to making our productions faster to the extent we can. Since my last hearing, we have given our largest production to date. It is my hope we are moving very----    Mr. Shelanski. I'm sorry. To my March 15 hearing?    Mr. Shelanski. March 3, 2015, hearing.    Mr. Shelanski. Oh, okay. Okay. Sorry about that, 2015. And the question is, did anyone from OMB accompany me to that meeting?    Mr. Shelanski. I generally have some people who come with me. I don't specifically recall who might have been here at the time.    Mr. Shelanski. We, as soon as we received the request for the documents, we immediately, I personally immediately instructed OIRA staff to search their records.    Mr. Shelanski. No, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. I think that there has been constant engagement between our staff and your staff. And, in particular, I would point that, since December, we have produced five regular document productions and are hard at work on our next one. Our latest one was just 2 weeks ago. We have prioritized the periods of review and the custodians that the committee has expressed most interest in. I would also note that the three most senior officials at OIRA have voluntarily agreed to transcribed interviews, two of which have already occurred, including the person most responsible for the review of both the proposed and final rule, and that my own transcribed interview is being scheduled for a time, I think, fairly soon to come.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. I don't understand the full purpose, but, yes, I would assume that to be true.    Mr. Shelanski. Our review is ongoing. Yes.    Mr. Shelanski. I will go back and work with them to make sure that our production is as fast as possible. We have been trying to produce even more quickly with each production.    Mr. Shelanski. I don't know the answer to that question, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Because the search required by the subpoena is so broad----    Mr. Shelanski. Mr. Chaffetz, it's very difficult to understand what the full universe of documents might be for such a broad and long subpoena going back 9 years. I don't want to give an incorrect answer, and so----    Mr. Shelanski. That is correct because a lot of the documents are unresponsive. We're continuing to review, and it's hard to know what the----    Mr. Shelanski. We aren't hiding documents.    Mr. Shelanski. Our production is ongoing, and we hope to conclude as quickly as we can. We are hiding nothing.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. We have been trying to do something about it. We have been trying to work ever faster and ever better with the committee, and we pledge to continue to do so so that we may, without running out the clock, give the committee what it needs for its oversight functions.