    Mr. Gaziano. Chairman Franks, Chairman Goodlatte, and other distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify again on this topic. I'm proud to be part of the Pacific Legal Foundation, which is representing Matt Sissel in his constitutional challenge to ObamaCare. This hearing and the Sissel case focus on the Framers' most important check on Congress' power to tax, which some today regard as an annoyance to be circumvented with clever tricks. There was similar disdain for the constitutional rules for legislation in the 1970's that led to over 161 House and Committee veto bills. Luckily, the Supreme Court understood that the legislative rules that were set forth in the Constitution protected individual rights and not just congressional prerogatives.    The Supreme Court in INS v. Chadha held that such finely wrought and exhaustively considered procedures for legislation could not be modified by modern designs and modern practices. The Court stressed that certain prescribed steps were still necessary to ``provide enduring checks on each branch and to protect the people from the improvident exercise of power.'' The Court then struck down all those 160 laws or provisions thereof to protect our individual liberty.    Well, I am delighted to be here today to testify on a similar protection of our individual liberty and to do so with Paul Kamenar, who I've worked with before, and with Elizabeth Wydra, who I believe has written about the best opposing view of anyone I've ever written. But as gifted a scholar as she is, even she can't defend the indefensible.    My friend does seem to concede in a written testimony that the D.C. Circuit's newly minted primary purpose test is invalid. The four-judge dissent in the D.C. Circuit warned that this new test would allow the Senate to originate taxes by simply characterizing them as having weightier nonrevenue purposes. For example, the Senate could enact and originate a gas tax in a bill that promotes the environment. The founding generation did not think they had erected an optional limitation so easily defeated with the right incantation.    Now turning to the text of the Origination Clause itself for its original meaning, it fails to satisfy the clause for two independent reasons. First, the Service Members Home Ownership Tax Act was not a bill for raising revenue within the meaning of the clause because it only cut taxes. Other provisions which increased penalties and accelerated filing fees to make it budget neutral were not taxes within the meaning. I will be glad to elaborate on that, but the result of that is that the Senate could not amend that bill at all with any additional taxes.    Second, and I think this goes more to Chairman Goodlatte's question, even if the House bill was a bill for raising revenue within the clause, the Senate healthcare bill was not a germane amendment and thus not constitutional. In Flint v. Stone Hill, the Supreme Court said that a Senate amendment must be germane to the revenue bill that originated in the House. It is irrelevant whether the Senate's practice allows any amendments on nonrevenue bills. There was a germaneness requirement in the Articles of Confederation Congress, and that helped form the original understanding of the Senate's limited role to amend a House revenue bill.    Second, the Senate's hotly disputed practice with regard to revenue bills in the late 19th century is almost completely worthless in determining the original public meaning of the clause, and it's especially ironic to rely on the Senate's views. It's like deferring to the foxes for the rules for raiding the henhouse.    And, finally, the Supreme Court's germaneness requirements, which have been followed by numerous courts, is absolutely required to properly give the Origination Clause any meaning whatsoever. If the Senate merely had to wait for a House revenue bill of some type and then could substitute a completely different omnibus tax code, which could happen several times a year, that would render the clause empty. Interpretations of clauses that render them meaningless are an insult to the framing generation and any rational basis of law.    I want to, since my time is limited, skip to one interpretation that Madison supposedly was quoted as saying that the Senate under the Origination Clause could gut and substitute a bill. That's kind of a minority view. It's very contrary to George Mason, most of the other Framers, and especially Story's interpretation that said that the Senate's amendment power would only be limited to a single line of text or a trifle to fix error. But even if Madison was right, that doesn't save ObamaCare because it might be constitutional in some cases to have a complete substitute language, but the bill still has to be--the Senate amendment still has to be germane to the House bill. And Madison didn't say otherwise, and no Framer said otherwise. If they had said otherwise, the Constitution would not have been ratified. There is simply no argument that the Senate's healthcare bill with its 20 historically large taxes is germane to the 6-page servicemembers housing bill. There is no constitutional precedent whatsoever for that position. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gaziano. Thank you very much for the question. The Origination Clause certainly isn't designed to protect just the prerogatives of government actors. It protects immediately current taxpayers, but it also protects any future taxpayers and those who may be affected by taxes. If the economy is tanked because of high taxes, then we are all deeply affected. But as the Supreme Court noted, that the legislative procedures that are set forth in the Constitution and aren't the optional variety which you all can make under the rules provision, those finely wrought provisions must be justiciable in the courts when anyone is adversely affected by a law.    Getting back to the blue slip issue, House Members did object to the procedures, the abbreviated procedures in the House bill. This is, as Mr. Kamenar alluded to, we must pass--the then Speaker's statement: We must pass the bill before--to find out what's in it.    But moreover, Members didn't understand that the penalty provision of the individual mandate, which is at the heart of our challenge in the Sissel case, was a tax until the Supreme Court majority said it was a tax, and that's why the courts must remain open to protect our individual rights. One of the greatest expositors of the Constitution did analogize the Origination Clause's protection to the protections of the First Amendment. That was Joseph Story.    And just as Congress may believe that it isn't abridging free speech, and it may debate a point of order, and both Houses may rule that it doesn't abridge free speech, that doesn't mean that individuals whose rights are infringed by Congress' views can't and shouldn't go to court.    Mr. Gaziano. I'll just give two very brief answers. First of all, I don't--although we all disagree with every court sometimes, I think the Supreme Court will easily get this right. And as my precedent for this Origination Clause question, if they take it, and as I stated in my written testimony, if they don't take the case we bring for Matt Sissel, there are other cases pending. Others will be brought. They have to take it. So it's really important for the Supreme Court to provide guidance. And in the Sackett case we won 9-0, 3 years ago, every single judge, nine district courts, five circuit courts, had ruled the other way. There were many, many more judges who got that question wrong. But when it went up to the Supreme Court, the Pacific Legal Foundation won 9-0. Even Obama's own appointees voted against the EPA.    So the fact that the circuit courts are strongly divided and four dissenting judges in the D.C. Circuit thought that the panel decision was dangerous is an additional reason for the Supreme Court to correct the error, but I have every confidence that when they take this case--they've really got to take this case; they ought to take it now--they will do the right thing.    Secondly, if you don't mind, three other times in my testimony, I stressed, as I did the last time, the importance of you all having this hearing and getting it right regardless of whether the Court gets it right and regardless of when they get it right. So if the Supreme Court doesn't take this, it's absolutely important that the House enforce the original meaning of the Origination Clause because you have a responsibility to interpret and apply the original meaning of the Constitution, and you can do so. And guess what? You get punished by the voters when you don't, as Chairman Frank's amicus brief in the D.C. Circuit so ably pointed out and that you joined.    Mr. Gaziano. There would probably be no effective meaning to the Origination Clause in the court, but that would increase the importance of this body doing the right thing. As I mentioned in my written testimony--or until the Supreme Court changed its opinion and correctly interpreted the Constitution, which of course has also happened throughout our history when the Supreme Court gets something wrong. But it would be even more important for this body to establish firewalls and apply the original meaning. I would submit that if you believe the Supreme Court was wrong, and you have the independent power to interpret and apply the Constitution, you could not follow the Supreme Court's opinion. You would have to vote to stop a Senate bill that violated the Origination Clause. You would also suffer political damage with the voters if you didn't, but I would submit it would be your constitutional duty.