    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Chairman, I'd like to take this discussion a little different direction, if I may. I have a video I'd like for Administrator McCarthy to watch along with everyone in the room.    .    Mr. Palmer. You know, it's very easy to sit here and have this discussion about all these regulations and try to deny that they have an impact on people but, you know, you are having an impact on people and unnecessarily so. You've destroyed thousands of jobs. You've impacted thousands of families, not just Alabama families but families all over the country, and I don't look at them as collateral damage. I mean, here's a guy who one of those families sat there and he cried through the interview. You got another guy whose wife's diagnosed with cancer right after he lost his job, two daughters having to drop out of college. You know, there's a price to pay for this, and you know, you may deny that this is impacting things.    You know, the Energy Information Administration projects EPA's Clean Power Plan is going to kill 376,000 jobs in 2030, reduce GDP by about $58 billion. You've got a room full of young people here that all they're hearing is this climate change agenda. You talk about asthma. Asthma rates have gone up even though air quality has dramatically improved. You're not getting the whole story here, and I think the American public needs to get the whole story.    You talk about it impacts people. I just want to read you some highlights from a recent report by Mr. Oren Cass, who testified before our Committee this past December, and I'm submitting this report, Mr. Chairman, for the record. ``President Obama's policies for tackling climate change would impose heavy costs borne disproportionately by lower income U.S. households.'' There's been a lot of talk today about how important is to take care of lower income people. His Clean Power Plan and proposal for a $10.25-per-barrel oil tax or equivalent of a 25 to 30 per-ton carbon tax would cost American's poorest families tens of billions of dollars per year. For households in the lowest quintile, such policies are equivalent to more than 160 percent of federal income tax.    I just want to share something with you. Again, the National Energy Assistance Survey shows that because of the difficulty they face in paying utility bills, these households are forced to make choices that carry serious health risk. As many as thirty-seven percent went without medical or dental care. Thirty-four percent did not fill a prescription or took less than their full dose of prescribed medications. In addition, twenty-four percent went without food at least one day, and nineteen percent became sick because the home was too cold. These were decisions that low-income people made because their energy costs went up because of the EPA's policies, and we're talking again hundreds of thousands of jobs that have been lost.    Administrator McCarthy, if you don't remember anything else out of this hearing today, I want you to remember the faces and the voices of the people who have had their lives absolutely destroyed by the EPA's policies.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.