    Mr. Stewart. Thank you so much, Chairman.    I really appreciate the opportunity to come back and, Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko and members of the committee, it really is a pleasure to be here and talk to you about this subject.    I think what we have heard already has laid a great foundation sort of describing what the problem is. But, you know, I am here to testify in support of any efforts including this legislation that can increase the availability of technical assistance and training for small community water systems that is provided by those nonprofit organizations best suited to provide this assistance that have staff on the ground in every State and that is directed at meeting the most critical needs of small communities in regards to regulatory compliance, financial, managerial and technical sustainability.    My name, again, is Robert Stewart. I am with the Rural Community Assistance Partnership, which is a national organization, been around 40 years working with a couple thousand rural communities every year primarily on water and wastewater issues as well as solid waste, affordable housing and economic development issues.    Section 1442(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act amendments of 1996 were meant to help small communities comply with the increasing regulatory burden that was being placed on them by the Safe Drinking Water Act, sort of a trade-off where we are going to ask you to comply with additional requirements and these have been coming down significantly in the last 20 years.    In order to comply with these things, we said it was going to be a Congress--you all said it was going to be necessary to provide some technical assistance and that is what 1442(e) has--was meant to do and has been--we have been working on.    And, you know, since the expiration of the initial authorization Congress had continued to fund this program, which we are very--we are very much appreciative of, the thousands of small communities that rely on this technical assistance are appreciative of.    You know, I might point out that it has been sort of somewhat distressing to us the EPA has never included this funding within their own budget and it has fallen on the National Rural Water Association and my organization to come to Congress to sort of have these funds appropriated every year.    At the same time, EPA, and Mr. Mayfield was sort of alluding to this in a way but I will say it more directly, EPA has spent a lot of money on developing a variety of tools and programs that are meant to help small communities but which I think in large part have been of marginal usefulness to these small communities.    You know, so one thing I want to talk about, which is--I don't think it is probably under discussion here at all but why--you know, what is the need for on the ground kind of assistance that RCAP and National Rural Water Association provides.    You know, we have heard about the lack of staffing. Typically, you have volunteer staff in these small communities, people that might be working part time.    Many times there is a lack of expertise in meeting the kind of regulatory requirements that these systems fall under in regard to the operations and the compliance.    There is a real difficulty in accessing existing financing sources.    Whether that is due to the EPA's State revolving funds or the rural development's water environment program, it is just--it requires a lot of sophistication in order to understand that they are there, access those fundings, meet all the requirements and then carry through a construction project.    There is also just a variety of issues just in managing a small water utility. This is just like any other business you might come across except it exists in a heavily regulated environment.    And you combine providing a public service, heavily regulated environment, lack of resources, it is just very difficult for small systems--small community systems--to sort of meet all these requirements without some additional kind of training and technical assistance such as the legislation that we are considering here provides.    The needs are many, as I said before, and I understand the resources are few, and I think any time we have a chance to direct the resources to where it is needed the most you are going to see NRWA and RCAP being in support of that and I think that is what this does.    There are a lot of opportunities that we have heard mentioned. I know Mr. Tonko mentioned a couple of these things. You know, regionalization in small communities is something we really need to see.    We need to sort of be in a mode of sharing resources and working together. As you all know, there are 5,600 thousand community water systems in this country. It is just how many electric utilities are there.    You know, I mean, hardly any compared to the tens of thousands of small water systems there are. But the needs, again, you know, emergency preparedness--we have heard about these--a drought, training and equipping operators in small systems, a budget and rate setting, you know, accessing informational resources.    You know, there is just this whole litany of needs that small communities have a real difficult time meeting whereas when you look at the larger utilities they will have professional engineers on staff, CPAs on staff, planners on staff.    And in a small utility like Mr. Mayfield was referring to specifically, it is usually one person that has, you know, 10 different jobs.    And so it has been really tough and so I just welcome the opportunity to talk more about this. I am going to end it here because hopefully you all have some questions that I can answer and I am sure Mr. Mayfield and I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.    Thank you.    Mr. Stewart. Yes, I totally agree. I think the small water systems, when they are faced with the new rules like there is a revised Total Coliform Rule, which is unbelievably long and hard to digest, you know, if you have someone that it out there on site than can explain that to them probably in 10 or 15 minutes as opposed to spending hours trying to wade through a regulation or call somebody to try to get that information.    So I think the technical assistance under the Safe Drinking Water Act is meant for compliance purposes. So that is the bottom line.    One thing, I think, and this was just mentioned, that I think we need to keep in mind is that compliance is not just a function of being able to operate the system.    It is a function of also being able to finance and manage that utility and sometimes I have had the impression that that has not been EPA's priority.    EPA's priority as far as where they are putting the money that you have appropriated has been strictly on the operations and compliance end and somewhat neglecting the foundation of all utilities, all businesses and that is to have sustainable management financing in place.    Mr. Stewart. You are referring to my organization or the----    Mr. Stewart. Yes. I think what happens is that if they don't have this kind of assistance they are going to fall out of compliance.    They are not going to be able to pay their bills. They are not managing their utility correctly and what does that cause? That causes more problems for the State regulators.    And so, I mean, a small investment in technical assistance and outreach that we are talking about here prevents a large amount of money being spent by the States to enforce the rules, you know, send out administrative orders, you know, follow up on that.    I mean, it is a whole lot better to spend a little money to sort of keep a system from going out of compliance than it is to get them back into compliance.    Mr. Stewart. My honest answer would be no, and that is just because on reflection of how they used--how they have used the money in the past that has been appropriated for this purpose.    They have taken a long time to get this money out to the successful people that are competing, which has typically been rural water and RCAP.    They have taken typically a year and a half from the time the appropriations is until the money actually flows to our organizations when we have been successful in competing for this funding.    And they have also--and I don't want to repeat what I already said but there is also this emphasis on the money just to go strictly to a compliance operational approach and not what we really need.    They are all the same. It is like a three-legged stool, right? I mean, if you don't have the operations, you don't have the finance, you don't have the management all together supporting the utility then it is going to fall.    Mr. Stewart. Yes.    Mr. Stewart. And, excuse me, sir. I think it will. I think it will provide some help and some additional direction and that is, you know--because it is sort of--you know, this could be used by nonprofit organizations for certain purposes and for activities that are supported and needed by the small communities.    Mr. Stewart. I think it is both because if you can't access the existing funding then that funding is going to go to the larger communities. The small communities just have a hard time accessing that funding just because of the requirements associated with those.    But I don't think there is any doubt. I mean, you quoted EPA studies. There has been AWWA studies. There has been the engineering organizations which have done studies, and it is an unfunded need.    We definitely need in this country more money to be invested in water utilities urban and rural.    Mr. Stewart. Well, one thing my organization has done--I know rural water has done some of this as well--we have six regions around the country and two of our regions operate a nationwide loan fund.    So if somebody needs money within a small amount of time, we have been able to capitalize loan funds from a variety of sources, typically foundations, rural development and other sources.    So that--so that if there is a--if there is like a tank failure or a pump failure and somebody needs money immediately it is really hard to go to a community bank and get that kind of funding. So they can come to our revolving loan funds for that funding and we turn it around in a couple of weeks.    Whereas if you try to go to rural development or the SRS you are looking at months and months and months. It just doesn't work.    Mr. Stewart. I don't think there is any doubt about it. But when you are talking about experience and whether or not that experience is effective or not, small utilities need a wide variety of expertise in order to help them.    You know, again, it is not just an operational issue about how to operate. You know, a lot of times they need somebody with the kind of background in accessing financing sources, budgeting, rate setting in order to get their financial situation in place.    But one thing, I think, that--regardless, you know, I would hope Congress would look upon nonprofit organizations such as RCAP and National Rural Water Association as the best means to provide this assistance because in part we have people on ground--on the ground in every single State. There are other people that have been doing this work who may address a part of the need.    But having the people on the ground with the experience and the expertise is the most effective way to do this.    Mr. Stewart. I would say not. I think EPA is aware of the organizations that provide the best service and that having to do a survey would just reiterate and reinforce what they already know.    Mr. Stewart. Well, it has varied over the years because what EPA has done is they have separated out a compliance section, a management finance section, a wastewater section and a private water well owner section. So and both NRWA and RCAP has gotten different pieces of this funding over the years.    On the operational end, it has been very frustrating for me because we are constrained in not being able to provide management and finance assistance that supports the operational needs.    You know, so what we have done--you know, we--it is basically a compliance driven thing, like, how do you meet the revised Total Coliform Rule, how do you come into compliance with the ground water rule.    Well, that is all well and good but if you have, like, an arsenic problem that you are treating for the only way to come into compliance is to go through a financing arrangement where you are looking for funding to sort of, you know, provide the treatment--to get the money to provide the treatment.    So that has been my frustration with the approach the EPA has used. You know, they obviously take the money that Congress provides and what they do with that money I don't think always is reflective of the intent of Congress.    Mr. Stewart. Honestly, there is no doubt that the water utilities in this country are under invested and it is not just the EPA SRF programs. It is Rural Development Water and Environment programs. They need more funding because you can't have one without the other. You need the technical assistance.    One thing--for EPA's credit and Rural Development also is that they have been stressing just like our two organizations have for 40 years, asset management. You know, how do you take care of the equipment, the facilities that you have.    And so EPA has been pushing on that, both of our organizations have been pushing on that to sort of, you know, maintain that investment, you know, once it is actually made.    But if you don't make the investment and as we know this country is still growing, you know, and there are still needs that haven't been met. There is people in your State and in many other States that don't even have community water systems that are hauling water.    And without that kind of investment those people are never going to get community water systems.    So I think both NRWA and RCAP--I can't speak for NRWA. RCAP definitely supports increased funding for the SRF programs and the water environment program.    Mr. Stewart. That is a tough one because, I mean, as we have heard, the needs are so great. The needs are in the trillions.    I mean, an incremental increase, I mean, even if it was just 10 percent a year in each of those two programs, I mean, something to start making a dent in the backlog that we have seen anything would help.    Mr. Stewart. Mr. Green, if I can just make a comment, and since Texas is my home State, as you know water availability is a big issue in Texas and if you have small communities that can come together and that can access either service or ground water, I mean, you have a much better chance of doing that, and we have always tried to get the cities--even if you are not annexing you can perhaps provide wholesale water or just do water and wastewater services in those areas by extending their CCNs.    Mr. Stewart. No, I think it is a matter of having somebody that is facilitating getting multiple communities to work together, you know, so that--so that, you know, maybe you have two or three communities that are close enough and they can share an operator instead of hiring their own, you know.    But sometimes, even though water systems are pretty good about knowing what is going on in their counties and stuff, you know, if you have somebody that can sort of facilitate those kind of sharing of service arrangements, I think that can make a big difference.    Mr. Stewart. Yes, very much so. Yes.    Mr. Stewart. Well, you know, the economies of scale, like Mr. Mayfield and a couple have mentioned, are one issue. You know, part of the problem with small communities is just--can be availability of water, as you know, and I know in the Houston area, you know, you are getting off ground water and going to surface water, which is necessary. But----    Mr. Stewart. Yes. So you are just at a--I hate to say, a competitive disadvantage if you are a small system and you are looking for water rights or for access to groundwater resources. You are just at a disadvantage, no doubt.    Mr. Stewart. Yes. Again, I think that, you know, in support of technical assistance, in order to facilitate regionalization you need somebody on the ground that can work with multiple communities that knows all about the finance management and technical aspects of it and that can think about different opportunities for communities to work together because, as you know, Chairman, this is not necessarily a physical consolidation.    Maybe it is a managerial consolidation over multiple satellite systems. You know, again, for lack of a better word, there is more efficiencies. But, you know, if you are operating a small system and you are just trying to make the water come--you know, come out of the pipe every day, you have a hard time looking forward, you know, a year in advance of what you need to be doing.    Mr. Stewart. Yes, sir.    I believe that they could be better--they could better direct the kind of resources for where the needs are the greatest.     Mr. McNerney. Would the proposed legislation help?    Mr. Stewart. I think that is a--this is a great first step in that direction.    Mr. Stewart. Yes, it is, because I know both Rural Water and RCAP are working with each other. We work with quite a few systems in the central valley of California that are having issues, you know, some that are actually still considered colonias in Riverside County and they have not only drought issues but, as you know, arsenic issues--just water quality issues.    So yes. I mean, that is an acceptable use for the funding currently.    Mr. Stewart. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Stewart. No, I think that is--I think when you are talking about compliance you are talking not only the quality but availability and quantity. So I think that is all--we have never been told that that wouldn't be an acceptable use of the technical assistance money.    Mr. Stewart. Well, that is more of a source water protection kind of an issue the EPA has at times in the past funded separately. It is eligible but that is not really what--if you look at the RFAs that come out from EPA for those purposes that is not what their emphasis has been. I would say that.    Mr. Stewart. See, I am not sure--that is for you all to decide. I mean, you know, what you direct EPA to do and then what they do can be two different things and I am not the one to decide, you know, who is right--who is right on that. That is----    Mr. Stewart. That is for you all to do, right.