    Mr. Nichols. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing on the threat posed by cyber attacks to our financial system.    As you mentioned, I am here as the CEO of the Financial Services Forum, which is a financial and economic policy organization comprised of the CEOs of 18 of the largest and most diversified financial institutions doing business here in the United States.    Your hearing is both enormously important and remarkably timely. In recent years, cyber attacks have grown rapidly, both in number and level of sophistication. According to Symantec Corporation, a leading information and Internet security firm, cyber attacks around the world have soared 91 percent in 2013 alone.    Just last week, the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, a New York-based securities settlement and clearing firm, released its Systemic Risk Barometer for the first quarter of 2015, based on a survey of financial market participants. Asked to identify the top risks to the financial system, respondents cited cyber attacks. Indeed, nearly half of the respondents, 46 percent, cited cybersecurity as their top concern, with respondents specifically noting the growth in the frequency and sophistication of cyber attacks.    Effectively defending against the mounting threat of cyber attacks requires resources, technical sophistication, and cooperation among financial institutions and between the financial industry, other critical infrastructure sectors, and the relevant government agencies. Large financial institutions are working hard to deliver every day on each of those critical fronts.    With regard to resources and technical expertise, large financial institutions remain at the cutting edge of cyber protection and are regarded by most experts--both in the public sector and the private sector--as having developed and deployed some of the most sophisticated and effective defenses against cyber attacks in the corporate world.    With regard to industry cooperation and coordination, cybersecurity in the financial sector is a team effort--because it has to be. To be successful, the industry must invest in, and operate within, a single unified cybersecurity culture.    In particular, large financial institutions are investing in ever-more robust and automated systems of threat analysis and sharing. Automated threat analysis enables the quick and reliable detection and diagnosis of threats. And automated sharing enables the swift dissemination of clear and precise threat information across the financial system. In a very real sense, large financial institutions serve, as one could say, as the forward guard of America's cyber defenses.    Cooperation between industry and government is vital if the battle against mounting cyber threats is to be won. To encourage better cyber threat information-sharing within the financial sector and between industry and government, legislation providing sensible ``Good Samaritan'' protections is needed.    Such legislation should facilitate real-time cyber threat information-sharing to enable financial institutions and government to act quickly; provide liability protection for good faith cyber threat information-sharing; provide targeted protections from public disclosures, such as exemptions from certain Freedom of Information Act requests; facilitate appropriate declassification of pertinent government-generated cyber threat information and expedite issuance of clearances to selected and approved industry executives; and lastly, include appropriate levels of privacy protections.    With these needs in mind, the bill passed by the House on April 22nd, which, of course, you supported, Mr. Chairman, is a major and important step forward, and will greatly facilitate industry's cooperation with government. We hope the Senate will soon take up its information-sharing proposal to continue progress on this important issue. We would urge swift movement and passage on that important legislation.    On behalf of the Forum and its members, I commend you for drawing attention to this issue and this effort. We look forward to working with you in the days ahead.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Nichols. I would add to--echo Mr. Bentsen's point about restoring trust with the consumer, it is a critically important thing and financial institution can operate without it, of course. But I would say to your point, it is extremely challenging.    The institutions have to be right all the time.    Mr. Nichols. The bad actors can only be right once.    Mr. Nichols. But I will say that all the institutions have made cyber defense a number one public policy priority.    Mr. Nichols. Upgrading to--did you say chip and PIN? Okay.    Mr. Nichols. Yes, sure. I guess, an observation on that, it is obviously--I will talk about the underlying technologies for a second. It is a good technology. I would say that there is probably no single technology that will prevent all breaches. We have talked at length today about the creative and inventive ways that the bad actors participate in this market.    We are also mindful that the government doesn't inadvertently stifle future innovation by speaking to--overly praising one particular technology, in part, Congresswoman, because innovation is moving so quickly at such a rapid pace not just in payments but in other aspects of the financial sector and the general technology community.    Who knows what tools we are going to need 5 years from now, 10 years from now, 15 years from now or 20 years from now. The space is so rapidly changing, looking so dramatically different. So we need to keep--we obviously--we need to keep pace with whatever the latest technologies are.    It also underscores a point I made very briefly earlier about the priority level that this is within the financial institutions in America. The leaders of these financial institutions are saying things like, no expense will be spared as it pertains to our cyber protections.    Another leader said that in an area where they are doing lots of cost-cutting, this division of the company never needs to ask permission to spend more money. It is a huge priority getting this right. And it is something that these institutions think about each and every day.    Mr. Nichols. No.    Mr. Nichols. Congressman, I would add just very briefly to that. In my written testimony, I talked about this issue of the automated programs and all the investments that are being made there. Kind of two points apply here.    One, what does that actually mean in layman's terms? I am not a cyber expert like these two guys are. But in layman's terms, is it that we are trying to get the financial system to operate like your body's immune system, so that it fights off the illness before it gets there? So one, these programs allow you to quickly differentiate a small attack or a low priority attack versus the really serious stuff, the really wicked and malicious stuff. So that is kind of half of what it does.    And the second half of what this automation, these programs and systems does is quickly and swiftly disseminate the nature of the threat across the system to institutions of all sizes. And that is where a lot of the large financial institutions are making investments that help not only themselves and their clients and customers, but people all across the spectrum.    Mr. Nichols. I would echo Mr. Healey's observation. We are all at risk, even though the financial sector is widely acknowledged to have the best protections right now. But I echo your sentiment about the concern.