    Mr. Blum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for being here today. I appreciate your service to the government.    I'm a career small businessman, so I may be one of the few here that--that, A, gets into this and, B, I personally think the GAO is one of the most important departments in our Federal Government. I'm also new here. I'm a freshman congressman, so I get a pass when I get to ask these dumb questions.    First question. There are 24 programs, I believe, on your report for duplication of services. If you were a betting man, how many do you think are going to be on that report next year that were on the report this year?    Mr. Blum. Two-thirds. And how about in the 20----    Mr. Blum. We can strike that from the minutes.    How about, how many will be on the report that are on the report this year in 2017?    Mr. Blum. 2018?    Mr. Blum. Yeah. And this is part of the problem. When I go back to my district in Iowa, people say the Federal Government spends too much, regulates too much, and wastes too much.    Being a private sector guy, your department does a fantastic job of identifying these problems. What we're concerned about with is the ``A'' in GAO, which I believe stands for accountability.    Mr. Blum. Who is accountable for eliminating this duplication of services next year and the year after? Who is accountable for eliminating waste in the Federal Government?    Mr. Blum. As a new person here, it seems to me that almost everything in the Federal Government is top down when compared to the private sector. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Blum. Something I have noticed in the first 90 days here is it seems to me the incentives in Washington, D.C., the incentives in Federal Government, are backwards.    And I'd like to ask you this: What incentive is there for a rank and file Federal employee to eliminate waste? What incentive is there for a rank and file Federal employee to eliminate duplications of services? In the private sector, there's incentives.    Mr. Blum. What incentives are there in the Federal Government for that to happen?    Mr. Blum. I'm not seeing them.    Mr. Blum. Because it seems to me that the incentive is to spend the entire budget or our budget will get cut next year. And do you think--do you think there's a chance we can introduce some best practices from the private sector into the Federal Government so that it comes from bottom up instead of top down, eliminating duplication, waste, fraud, from the rank and file Federal employees, and when someone identifies it that they are actually rewarded for that. Is there a chance of that?    Mr. Blum. My time is up, but once again I'd like to commend the GAO and yourself on the outstanding work that you do.    Mr. Blum. And I yield back to the chair.