    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thanks to our panel today.    I recently received two demonstrations related to deception-detection technology developed at the University of Arizona, which is in my district. I don't want to get too deep into the science behind it, but the two I want to talk about is, one of them is called Neuro-Screen, which identifies just embedded in on-line forms any sort of deception behavior, that can then further vet individuals, red, yellow, green, for further interviews and further vetting based on a suspicious score. The other one, called AVATAR, is like a computer interview detecting your pupils and your skin and your weight shifting, all that kind of stuff.    So it looks like very interesting technology that could be used, both of them differently. I mean, the Neuro-Screen is much more easily deployable perhaps than AVATAR, but it could be used for the on-line form interviews for the Electronic System for Travel Authorization or for the in-person interviews or even at the ports of entry in order to detect what humans might not be able to detect. The professors told me that even our best, most trained interrogators, like my colleague here from Texas, oftentimes don't detect deception correctly in about 50 percent of the cases just human to human.    So the question is: To what extent is the Department using any deception-detection technology or investigating the use of technology like this? The first part of that question.    Ms. McSally. Great. I have heard that as well, interested in further discussions on that. But the Neuro-Screen seems like it is much more easily deployable and at least can be used for on-line forms. So is there any use going on for deception-detection technology in the on-line forms?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great.    If you are willing, I would like to organize a demonstration with relevant parties and even the committee, Madam Chair. It is pretty easy stuff to demonstrate, perhaps, for further deployment.    Great. Thank you. That is all I have got. I yield back.    Ms. McSally. Yes, exactly. Like I said, the Neuro-Screen really is just based on kind-of how people usually are acting when they are deceiving and the use of their mouth and just where they are hovering and how long they take. So it captures all that and then identifies, you know what, this person needs to be further looked into. So if somebody is just filling out an on-line application, that seems like pretty easily deployable technology that we could----    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Just one follow-up question. I have heard a lot from my constituents about concerns related to refugee vetting, specifically those that would be coming into the country from Syria, Iraq, and concerns about we have had a couple incidents with those that were Iraqi refugees and databases not catching up to each other before they got here. So could you walk through any issues or concerns you have related to the vetting of those coming in as refugees specifically from that region?    Ms. McSally. Right. I get that. You can't, obviously, measure intent if there is no other activity. So are you saying all databases, to include information from the DOD, that is all synched up before someone, especially from----    Ms. McSally. That is okay. But it is safe to say that it is not going to be perfect, obviously, and concerns do remain that we are potentially missing people? I don't want to put words in your mouth.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chairman. I yield back my time.