    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    We've talked about Defense in Depth and the hardware but I want to talk about the individuals involved.    Dr. Wilshusen, OPM and the Department of Homeland Security officials stated that the attackers who reached OPM's systems may have been aided by user credentials that were obtained or stolen from one of OPM's contractors. Andy Ozment testified before the Oversight Committee that part of this breach may have occurred through social engineering. I want to know in your opinion what agencies can do to ensure that their IT contractors are effectively protecting federal systems and information? I mean I fully get it that we need to completely overhaul our hardware and software, but that alone in the context of Defense in Depth will not secure the system.    Mr. Palmer. Well, it's even worse than that. Dr. Ozment--it wasn't in his testimony but in an interview--talked about the fact that one of the contractors working with OPM was based in Argentina and was working with two people who were Republic of China nationals. I mean how do we let something like that happen? I mean with the amount of cyber assault--I visited a facility that monitors these cyber attacks and you can literally see them being launched. There were 700 and something cyber attacks launched from Russia with 10 minutes. China was a distant second.    How is it that we would not be aware that we had people foreign-based involved in this and particularly a couple of Chinese nationals?    Mr. Palmer. But I think you would agree, though, that that's a pretty egregious oversight or failure to exercise oversight over our systems?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Snell, I want to ask you something here. Mr. Abraham brought up the fact that Ms. Seymour did not want to testify before this committee. When she testified before the Oversight Committee, I asked her if the breach was limited only to people who filled out the Standard Form 86, the security background check, because that was I think the position that OPM had taken. It turns out that it extends beyond that. Two of my staff who have never filled out an SF 86, who have never served in the executive branch, both got letters telling them that their personal data had been compromised.    Do you have an idea of how broad this is and does it extend beyond current federal employees to retired employees? Is it possible that it would extend to civilians who have national security clearances?    Mr. Palmer. Madam Chairman, I yield the balance of my time. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize five minutes for Mr. Tonko.