    Mr. RAY. Thank you very much. I would also like to acknowledge my wife of 22 years, who is there, and my daughter. I am sorry. Thank you. I would like to acknowledge my wife of 22 years and my daughter Charity, who is over there to my left as well. It is good to be amongst friends and experts who I have learned from over the years.    Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, thank you for inviting me to represent America's small business owners and entrepreneurs at this Committee hearing.    I would also like to extend a great warm greeting to the representatives from New Jersey, where I live near Newark Airport, and those from New York, where I grew up in Brooklyn. It is nice to see you all here as well.    Starting and growing a business, as we have talked, as you all know----    Mr. RAY. Oh, great. Starting and growing a business is fraught with challenges as many of us know. I have started four businesses, and I have been blessed to be able to sell one of them and am on the way to selling the second one. I am an entrepreneur who is currently growing two companies, and one of those companies is Smart Hustle Magazine.    The day-to-day challenges of business ownership includes, of course, hiring the right staff, obtaining financing, trying to get new customers, and maybe keeping the ones we have. Also, of course, navigating government regulations and so much more.    Business ownership, it is not, of course, just about the challenges, but as many of us here on this panel know, it also comes with the sweet taste of independence, the freedom to chart our own course, the privilege of helping others with our income and, earning profitable rewards from the risks that so many small business owners and entrepreneurs take day to day. I think the greatest reward is the awesome responsibility of providing for our families and supporting our communities, which I know all of us here do.    Chairman Chabot and fellow Committee members, more important I think than any of us in this room, of course, are the thousands and thousands of small business owners who I am privileged to speak to across the country on a yearly basis, and the millions of small business owners that I am able to touch through events, through conferences, being on J.J.'s show, Twitter chats, et cetera.    Based on the input from this community--and I did ask, what should I tell the Committee?--there are three recommendations that they would like me to express to you today. Many of them you have heard, but I hope this helps to underline them.    I think first is definitely a continued reduction of burdensome, and I would say unnecessary, regulation at the Federal level, but let's also try to work and help at the local and State level as well. We need regulation, absolutely, for our safety. Please make sure the plane I am flying on tomorrow is safe. But, we do not need burdensome or unnecessary regulation. I think as an example that we have seen, in my opinion, the treatment of Uber. It is now a very big company, but I think that aspect at a very local level of stifling innovation and limiting growth is an example of what I think small businesses do not need.    Second, I would say the reduction and simplification of taxes. I count it as a privilege that I can pay taxes which, from my hard-earned income, helped to fund our awesome government. However, I would dare say, is there a limit to what taxes and tax laws are fair versus which ones are excessive and burdensome? Every year I pay thousands of dollars. Now, not as much as J.J. and Melinda and Susan pay, because they have a lot more money, but every year I pay thousands and thousands of dollars in taxes, and I would rather reduce the taxes I pay and instead use those funds to grow my business and invest in my community.    Thus, as we said, investing in America.    The third thing that my community has said, please tell the House of Representatives, please tell the congressmen and women, to foster small business education. I applaud the great work of the Small Business Administration, of SCORE, that I benefitted from many years ago; 26 Federal Plaza, that is where I went to. SBDCs and other government-supported organizations, they support and educate small business owners. I think the more we can invest in the education of business owners, the more we ensure that less businesses will fail and more will succeed. In particular, I applaud the great work of the New York City Department of Small Business Services. It happened to be in my backyard, but a great model I think that many local governments can follow.    Private and for-profit education efforts, such as the Goldman Sachs 10,000, Google's Get Your Business Online, Microsoft's Small Business Academy, Kaufman Foundation, and many more, these are examples of not government organizations, but still in the whole sphere of educating small business owners.    I was recently speaking with Robert Herjavec of Shark Tank and we discussed how all businesses hustle. They all work hard. They grind. We all work hard. However, it is those who are educated--and I think education is so important--who have smart hustle, who succeed. Educating business owners is essential.    As I conclude my statement, I think of a company like Infusionsoft, which was started by three friends in a strip mall, or a company like SumoMe, started by someone who was fired by Facebook. They are in Austin, Texas. These companies, my company, and millions of other small businesses, they need to be encouraged to start, grow, and thrive.    Let's think about the husband and wife who have just started their business today, what can we do to help them? Or a high school graduate who is now working on an invention right now to put me out of business, unfortunately. Or the laid-off 50-year-old, who is forced to begin their own business. The best thing our government can do for small business owners, as I conclude, is to limit regulation, lower and simplify taxes, and continue to invest in the education of small business owners at the local, State, and Federal level.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to share about the hustle--as I also like to say, the Smart Hustle--of entrepreneurship in America. Thank you so much.    Mr. RAY. I do advise her quite a bit to her angst, unsolicited. I think there are a few things. It is interesting you asked that because that is a question that many people ask me. You know, they see me on stage and et cetera, and it is very simple.    I think, one, and this is not really small business advice, but for me, I find just being nice to people and making connections. Because there are some people who you come in contact with--I am sure we have all met them--there are some slimebucket nasty people out there. You cannot succeed unless you have a smile or are nice. That is one.    Mr. RAY. I understand.    Mr. RAY. Absolutely. The second thing I share with my daughter, you can ask her, I share with her and my son as well, make connections. Because the only thing different from me being here today, and we are all on the panel, and anybody else, is the connections I have made. Being nice, making connections, looking for and taking advantage of opportunities.    The third thing I would say is that going back to the grit or the hustle, the hard work, is love to be punched in the face, get back up, ask for more, but learn. My point is being able to innovate. You are not going to get it right the first time. Those are the three things I would say.    Mr. RAY. You are welcome.    Mr. RAY. Thank you for asking the question. One of the things I talk about a lot is personal branding. I do not have a lot of money, did not have a lot of money. I do not know if I have a lot of money or not. I have to ask my wife. But my point is I did not have a lot of money.    Mr. RAY. Ranking Member Velazquez, I think the biggest thing is building their personal brand. I think you need money. That is actually helpful. But those who do not, if you network like heck, if you build your personal brand, leverage the power of social content, video, you can rock it and do quite a bit. I have built my brand quite a bit with just a video camera, a smartphone, and just Tweeting.    Mr. RAY. Yes, sir.    Mr. RAY. Sure. Having said that, I am not a tax expert by far. I am a personal branding expert.    Mr. RAY. Yes.    Mr. RAY. I went through a tax audit a few years ago. When the IRS called me, she had a southern accent so I assumed that she was my friend and she was the best person in the world. She said, Mr. Ray, we would like to come to your home and all this. The IRS is great, they do great work, we need to pay our taxes. But my point is that I wish half the problem was my own. I wish that I had better advice and taken better advice as many of us said. So that is one.    But point two, just going through that process, the arduous process of the letters and the writing and the audit, it was exhausting. Thankfully, I had my tax attorney. We had to go through it. What I mean is that my industry is just content, but imagine the industries that deal with other things, manufacturing, et cetera. There are a lot of things they have to go through just to pay taxes. If they do not do it right, then there are things they have to go through to get it right. That is an example of what I mean by making it a bit easier for small businesses to pay taxes and to rectify if something goes wrong.    Mr. RAY. I would add two things being the minority on the panel here of women, no pun intended. I would say two things. I would say, one, the focus could be not only on starting businesses, but I would encourage my women friends, also those who have already started, how can we encourage them to grow? You know, the number of who is starting, but let's say starting or not, those who are in it, what can we do to succeed?    Two, I would say working with small business owners in large, many of them women entrepreneurs, there has to be some element of, without putting my foot in my mouth, getting out of the bubble of just being for women, if that makes sense. Meaning, I talk to many women entrepreneurs. I am a women-owned business. It is four women. Four women. Where this world is beyond just women. Do you know what I mean? So it is kind of reverse. It is in a bubble.    Mr. RAY. Does that make sense what I am trying to express?    Mr. RAY. Being the travel expert that I am not, from my observation, as one who has used Uber before, and taking them as an example and then I will move quickly to another point, but as one who has used Uber and as one who has used taxis. There are two sides of this equation. We know it is a public debate, good and bad and et cetera.    Regulation, obviously, is important. But, what I found, at least in New York, being a few minutes from Newark Airport, is that you have the taxi industry that was one bemoaning and complaining about it, which has a valid point. New York City has a lot of big taxi industry. But, I saw that with Uber, this is a small innovative company. This is a car-sharing service. Small business owners, when I go to Newark Airport from my home, there are guys who say I am using Uber to make more money. From my simple observation, clearly it is a company that is helping in some way. And we could do more. Mayor Baraka, I think in Newark, he made a deal with them, so I think we can do more to ensure citizens are protected, but while having innovation go as much as it can until it becomes a danger, like the airlines or something that has to have some, if that makes sense.    Mr. RAY. No, just to thank you for having us and I think that, yes, family is important. I think the two things education, as we have said, education solves many problems, but definitely family. And I thank God for my wife. Not that she is always right, but she----    Mr. RAY. However, however, she is right most of the time, and I am very happy that she is giving me advice in business, but also the things around business that make it successful. So I am very thankful for her.    Mr. RAY. May I make a comment?    Mr. RAY. It is very competitive. For example, I produce events and I have a magazine. There are a lot of bigger companies than mine. Sometimes it is the wherewithal to keep pushing through. I think that is one.    I think, two, it is the business owner not having the education to talk the language of the large business person. That is what I have learned, what has helped me. I am talking to a big company, I will not mention them here, but a big courier or a big financial services company, a big bank. There are ways I have to talk. There are documents I have to have. They are risk averse. They do not know who I am from Adam, or Eve, for that matter.    Those are two things that I have found that will be helpful. The small business owner must learn to talk the language of big business and not think small, as you have alluded to. That is the way to succeed. Thank you.    Mr. RAY. I think they did hang out together, I think so.    Mr. RAY. Absolutely. Sure. What I think, as you said, is that there is a labyrinth of different things. If I do it right this way, it is wrong this way. Right this way, wrong this way. The best example I can give, again, with New York City in my backyard, I know the New York City Department of Small Business Services, I think it is called Fast Track. I do not recall the exact name. They have a system where they set up where you go to one place and the organizations, the entities are all in kind of one place. That is an example of something that can help. You go there, fill out a form. Other people and the civil servants are trained to help you navigate through that. Because if you are not trained or educated--and all of us are just experts in what we are doing--it is tough. It was tough to get in this building, much less being a small business owner.    Mr. RAY. May I underline something?    Mr. RAY. I wanted to underline that. Thank you for asking the question. It is a double problem because, again, your money comes in late and you have big checks, $20,000, $30,000, or Melinda has $100,000 checks, and you have to pay out. I just got an email last night from one of my vendors who I work with. Ramon, I sent you an invoice for $1,000. I need that money. Can you get it to me? I am going to forward that money to him tonight. But the money that is coming in for me is going to take 45, 30, 90 days. I just wanted to underline it, is jamming me up.    Mr. RAY. Thank you for the question, my answer to that would be, just keep doing more of what we are doing here and keep providing platforms. I mean, the four of us, we have reached a level of success, but I think there is that cult of entrepreneurship. What can we do to go to the inner cities, those who are not yet inspired who think they cannot do it? I would just add that. How can we go maybe to small islands, et cetera, and help inspire them more and more and more. Thank you for the question.    Mr. RAY. May I add one more? May I answer one more?    Mr. RAY. I wanted to add, ma'am, and say that, not to be the contrarian, but small business ownership, entrepreneurship ownership is difficult. I think it could be interesting to highlight it so people can see, you know what? This is not for me. Let me go, I do not know, go work in Congress or something like that.    Mr. RAY. I am just teasing.