    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, sometimes I think when I fly in here--I fly--and I've made this statement to my district before that we fly into a wonderland of where reality doesn't matter anymore. Case in point, many of the things that I've heard this afternoon give me cause to believe, yes, we're there again. And this is an issue with community and independent pharmacists that, you know, play a critical role in my district, in rural northeast Georgia.    Mr. Chairman, with the unanimous consent to enter into the record a report from the association representing senior care pharmacies on MAC pricing data, a letter from BlueCross BlueShield on compounding pharmacies, and several statements and examples of PBM interactions from community pharmacies.    Mr. Collins. Look, I appreciate our witnesses being here. I appreciate the chance to have a discussion, but to be truthful, I'm very discouraged about what I see in the pharmacy landscape.    Ms. Bricker, you state in your testimony PBM marketplace is extremely competitive. That's an interesting statement since three companies Express Scripts, CVS Health, and OptumRx control about 80 percent of the PBM market, which translates into 180 million lives. Not a great deal of competitiveness there.    Mr. Arthur knows too well community pharmacies routinely incur losses of approximately $100 or more on many prescriptions, because PBMs or insurance middlemen reimburse pharmacies well below their cost to acquire and dispense, generic prescription drugs that have skyrocketed in price. This is one of the most pressing areas that I believe demands congressional action.    PBMs can wait weeks and months to update reimbursement benchmarks they use to compensate pharmacies while drug prices increase virtually overnight. That's why I introduced H.R. 244 dealing with this issue of transparency and would encourage folks to be a part of that.    Now, one of the things that has been interesting to me today is discussing mail order. Since PBMs own their own mail order pharmacies, I've seen information leading me to believe that a real incentive exists for them to steer patients toward mail order delivery.    In fact, I've seen firsthand that a fax received by a community pharmacist from OptumRx indicating that he could not mail patients their prescriptions. Less than a month later, a patient gave that pharmacist a letter mailed to them from OptumRx touting savings they could see if they got their prescriptions mailed from the PBM mail order pharmacy.    While the letter states the patient is free to continue using a retail pharmacy house elite, it requires notification to an insurance company, and it is likely that many patients won't have time or knowledge to know that the mail order is not mandatory. This is extremely concerning from an anticompetitive standpoint and a patient care perspective.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that both of these documents be made part of the record. Mr. Chairman, unanimous consent to make these part of the record.***---------------------------------------------------------------------------    ***Note: The material submitted by Mr. Collins is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee. See also ``For the Record Submission--Rep. Collins'' at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104193.    Mr. Collins. All right. And given that CMS has also recently finalized Medicare Pard D requirement that allows PBMs to automatically auto ship new prescriptions without express beneficiary consent, this is of particular concern, and especially to one certain gentleman that happens to be very close to me, and that is my father.    Mr. Arthur, can you share your experiences regarding PBMs urging mail order delivery of medications over filling them in the store. Has this affected your pharmacies and other pharmacies? And regardless of your views about PBM and their prices, why should we be concerned? And if you could narrow that down.    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Arthur. I appreciate that.    Mr. Collins. I want to turn to Ms. Bricker. And you have talked about--and Ms. Pons as well, you have talked about teams of people that looked a your MAC list, your transparency list, teams of people that do this. I want to give you a couple of examples of how you actually look at this and you said within your 7 days.    This is a recent example released from Avera. It says, if a pharmacy filled a prescription of a Omeprazole, a common antipsychotic, on April 16, 2014, Express Scripts reimbursed that pharmacy $1.20. If the pharmacy filled the same prescription the next day, the 17th, it reimbursed only $0.20. On the 18th, you paid another amount, this time $0.80. Another one was potassium chloride, $0.45 on the 22nd of April; 26th of April, $0.33; and on April 28, $0.52.    One, I just have a direct question. Ms. Bricker, do you all have two sets of MAC lists? Is there two sets of lists out there? Do you have two lists for MAC pricing?    Mr. Collins. Okay. What about you, Ms. Pons?    Mr. Collins. Okay. Is that just to keep the ball from being hidden from community pharmacies?    Mr. Collins. You have multiple clients. So you prefer one's over the others?    Mr. Collins. Never mind.    Mr. Collins. The issue that I have--and I appreciate that. And the question is answered.    I hear from pharmacies in my community that reimbursement or MAC appears to be arbitrary and has little connection to actual price. These examples seem to indicate that. Can you please explain the disparities in MAC pricing you pay to these long-term care pharmacies? Ms. Bricker.    Mr. Collins. Ms. Bricker, have you ever told a pharmacy that if they appeal any more that they would be cut off from their plan?    Mr. Collins. Not you personally, your company.    Mr. Collins. Ms. Pons.    Mr. Collins. Will you answer the question long term, that I asked Ms. Bricker as well on MAC pricing disparities?    Mr. Collins. Okay. So if I told you that I know pharmacies who have been told if you appeal and--if you appeal, we will deal with it in your contract, you cannot appeal this, would you all both find that egregiously appalling?    Mr. Collins. That's not what I asked. I said, but if they were told that a pharmacy was told that, would you find that appalling that your companies would say that?    Mr. Collins. Well, I think there's a concern because there's a disconnect because this is what's being told.    I think the concern that I have here is all in all, in this playing field, there needs to be a level playing field. There needs to be a playing field for community pharmacies and independent pharmacies as well asker companies involved in this market. Right now there's not.    And you can talk about it all you want. We can go into different pricing. We've already talked about multiple lists, and we talked about the appeals process. And we also know from pharmacists who have been told, if you appeal more, we will cut you off.    What is even more appalling to me is when my local pharmacists across this country try to speak out about this, they received letters and discussions from PBM saying, if you make too much noise about this, your contract could be in jeopardy. That is not right. I will continue to fight this, and if you don't believe that it's true, it is true.    And when we understand this--here's my concern. That in the coming future, because I hear from my pharmacists all across this country and in northeast Georgia, if it continues the way it is, they will be closing. And all those wonderful savings that are being donated from PBMs are going to be lost and close businesses and close lives.    And I just have a question, who will my folks in the Ninth District of Georgia call when they need someone at night and their local pharmacist is the one they trust? Ms. Bricker, they're not going to call you. They're not going to find you in St. Louis. They're not going to find you, Ms. Pons. They're going to try and find their local pharmacist who is being closed because of the anticompetitive nature of this field. This needs to be addressed.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.