    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The patent system plays a crucial role in promoting innovation. It provides an incentive to inventors to make costly and time-consuming investments in research and development of new inventions. At the same time, the system requires that the inventions be disclosed so that others can build upon the inventions. Unfortunately, there are a number of problems with the patent system, and reforms are needed.    I have long pushed to reduce the backlog of patent applications at the Patent and Trade Office, but we also need to work to address the concerns that some applications are being approved for inventions that are not truly new or non-obvious. In addition, the patent litigation system must be streamlined.    While most patent-related issues are under the purview of the Judiciary Committee, and I look forward to its action on patent system reform, the Energy and Commerce Committee is responsible for efforts to curb fraud. And one part of the patent litigation area in need of attention is the rise of so-called patent trolls, and the sometimes fraudulent demand letters they send to small businesses. This trolling activity is a problem. Patent trolls do not invent, make or sell anything. Instead, they buy up large numbers of patents, often of suspect validity, and then send demand letters or bring law suits using the complexity of the patent system and the high cost of litigation as leverage to force licensing fees or settlements. It is not fair to the targets of these predatory tactics, nor does it serve the interests of true innovators.    And efforts to combat abusive demand letters have already begun. Some State attorneys general have taken legal action to protect their citizens from unfair and deceptive demand letters. In addition, 18 States have already enacted legislation to tackle this abusive activity. Furthermore, the FTC brought an administrative complaint against MPH Technologies, a well-known patent troll. That case was recently settled through a consent order that prohibits MPHJ from making deceptive statements in its demand letters.    Last Congress, this committee held three hearings, and the subcommittee marked up a bill which I believe included problematic language. Among other things, it created a knowledge standard, one not typically needed to prove fraud, and it preempted stronger State laws. I am happy that this issue is being given a fresh review this Congress in an effort to get the language right and work in a bipartisan fashion. If we as a Congress choose to legislate in this area, we need to make sure that we are furthering the interests of the consumer, end users and small businesses, while protecting the vitality of the patent system.    So today's hearing presents an opportunity to hear from witnesses about how big is the problem of fraudulent demand letters, and whether there is an appropriate legislative fix. And I look forward to hearing the witnesses' thoughts on this issue, and their ideas for possible solutions.    I yield back.