    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, and I thank the gentlelady for yielding. And I want to thank Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai for being with us again. It is great to see you both, and I look forward to your statements, and also to our questions today.    The communications and technology industry is a very productive and dynamic sector of economy. This is largely due to bright, innovative minds, and in part because this industry has been lightly regulated, with the ability to grow and evolve to the demands of the consumers. Therefore, we cannot afford to overlook the significance of the regulatory policies and how the FCC's decisions impact the industry's success. This is why I am concerned with many of the actions proposed--by the FCC, and the general lack of transparency, efficiency, and accountability at the agency. I hope today's hearing will provide us with an opportunity to discuss in more detail the Commission's policies, decisions, and processes. And I thank the gentlelady for yielding, and I yield back.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and again, gentlemen, thanks for being here. Commissioner Pai, if I could start my questions with you. We all know that consumers are offered an array of video choices today, and new Internet delivered options are also complimented by the growing use of consumer apps to watch traditional TV on mobile devices. As a result, it seems that more online entertainment options, such as Netflix, and other over the top providers have transformed the marketplace. I am going to ask these couple questions. With that said, Commissioner, what is your assessment of the video marketplace, and can you remember a time when consumers have had so much choice in that market?    Mr. Latta. So, in your opinion, that is what is driving innovation?    Mr. Latta. OK. Let me follow up with this. Should the government be out there picking winners and losers in this space, or trying to impose new technology mandates to potentially so that--slow that innovation and limit that choice?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. Turning to you, Mr. Chairman, if I may, my district is Northwest/West Central Ohio, and you are kind of familiar with it in your days back in Ohio. I have a lot of general community hospitals, and other larger hospital associations in my district, and a number of these hospitals have expressed a very serious concern to the Commission regarding the technical rules for the use of the channel 37 by unlicensed TV white spaces devices.    It has already been decided that channel 37 will be available for use by unlicensed devices in part of the incentive auction proceedings, however, technical rules that protect wireless medical telemetry service, WMTS, systems and also allow for the safe use of the TV white spaces devices that have not been mutually agreed upon. Let me ask you, do you agree that because wireless devices could cause harmful interference to hospital operations, and jeopardize patient safety, it is vitally important that all parties have the opportunity to work cooperatively to reach a consensus industry agreement on this issue before the Commission considers it in the August open meeting?    Mr. Latta. But do you think they have enough time to make sure they get that information to the Commission before your August meeting? Do you think there is enough time? Because, here we are on the 27th of July, or 28th that we are right at that point?    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you. Mr. Chairman, if I may, I would like to submit for the record a statement from the American Hospital Association.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.