    Ms. Riley. Good morning, Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee.    I have served as the commissioner of MACPAC, the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission, since its inception in 2010. As you know, MACPAC is a congressional advisory body charged with analyzing and reviewing Medicaid and CHIP policies and making recommendations to Congress, the Secretary, and the states on issues affecting these programs.    I am one of 17 members appointed by the GAO.    While I am also executive director of the National Academy for State Health Policy, my comments today solely reflect the work of MACPAC.    We very much appreciate the opportunity to be here today as the subcommittee considers changes to the Medicaid program. The Commission shares the subcommittee's interest in ensuring Federal and state taxpayer dollars are spent appropriately on delivering quality, necessary care, and preventing fraud, waste and abuse from taking place. When designed and implemented well, program integrity policies and procedures should ensure that eligibility decisions are made correctly, prospective and enrolled providers meet Federal and state participation requirements, services provided to enrollees are medically necessary and appropriate, and provider payments are made in the correct amount for the appropriate services.    The Commission has identified and shared with you through our reports to Congress a number of challenges associated with implementation of an effective and efficient Medicaid program integrity strategy, including overlap between Federal and state responsibilities, insufficient collaboration and information sharing among Federal agencies and the states, diffusion of authority among multiple Federal and state agencies, lack of information on the effectiveness of program integrity initiatives, and appropriate performance measures. We also identified concerns about lower Federal matching rates for state activities not directly related to fraud control; incomplete and outdated data; and few program integrity resources for delivery system models other than fee for service.    Specifically, the Commission recommended that the Secretary of HHS should collaborate with states to create feedback loops to simplify and streamline program integrity requirements, determine which current Federal program integrity initiatives are most effective, and take steps to eliminate programs that are redundant, outdated, or not cost-effective.    In addition, in order to enhance states' ability to detect and prevent fraud and abuse, the Commission has recommended that the Secretary should develop methods for better quantifying the effectiveness of program integrity activities. The Secretary should assess analytic tools for detecting and preventing fraud and abuse and promote the use of those tools that are most effective.    In addition, the Department should improve dissemination of best practices in program integrity and enhance program integrity training programs.    The measures before the subcommittee today also speak to other policy objectives of interest to the Commission, including simplification, transparency, and the alignment of policies across Federal health programs. Even so, I want to clarify that MACPAC has not reviewed nor expressed its views on the merits of the six specific initiatives that are the focus of today's hearing. My written statement provides technical comments on the potential implications of these proposals and issues that could be addressed as the subcommittee considers them.    Again, thank you very much for this opportunity to appear before the committee, and we would of course be happy to provide technical information from the staff or to answer questions today.    Ms. Riley. Well, I understand the concern of wanting to be sure that we have a quality affordable healthcare system and that we have investments in coverage that are appropriate. That said, there has been enormous undertaking in the states, through the Affordable Care Act, to try to integrate the eligibility systems between the Federal marketplace and Medicaid. And I think giving states options to change some of that, could certainly make it more complex.    Ms. Riley. I think it could. Again, this would be a state option so it is unclear how each state would tweak its eligibility determinations, and as such when integration with the Federal marketplace to try to streamline and make eligibility smoother and simpler, would require the Federal marketplace to have to make a tweak to its Federal system for each change that every state makes.    Ms. Riley. I am sorry I didn't hear the end of the question, I am sorry.    Ms. Riley. Yes. It is my understanding of the bill that it would do just that. Certainly we all appreciate the lottery issues, but as written lump sums could be SSDI payments, disability payments, and others.    Ms. Riley. I can. We have taken a very serious look at program integrity both in our March 2012 report and our March 2013 report to the Congress. We have seen a real complexity in program integrity where there are multiple state and Federal agencies that have various aspects of program integrity, including the Department of Justice, numerous Health and Human Services agencies, and state governments, often competing often redundant. And we have suggested that there is a real need to streamline those activities, to look where there is redundancy, and to find out where the best practices exist among the states.    Importantly, while we invest in Medicare fraud control units with a 75-25 match, we do not invest in other activities states need to undertake to prevent fraud at that same level, notably the administration of the program.    Ms. Riley. I am very happy to. Obviously, this is an area of great concern for the Commission, given that Medicaid does pay, as you say, 61 percent of all the long-term care costs in the Nation, and on the converse to the point of the cost effectiveness, while long-term care clients represent about 6 percent of users, they use 51 percent of Medicaid dollars. So it is an area of great concern to the Commission.    To date, we have looked and have reported to you about the managed care, managed care initiatives and long-term care, at rebalancing between home and institutional care, and about the data needs that we really have to address to be able to address some of the broader issues.    On our plate for future work is to look at the merits of standardizing functional assessments affecting who gets into coverage, to look strongly at the quality measures in long-term care, to focus on housing and assisted living, and particularly to look at how the new Medicaid managed care regulations may impact efforts to manage care and long-term care.    Ms. Riley.  I am aging in place. That was a very long time ago.    Ms. Riley. I think the tragedy is that we still have a situation where in this country the majority of long-term care services are still paid for by Medicaid--we had hoped 30 years ago that might not be the case--and that Medicaid funding remains a critically important program.    I think way back in those days we were just beginning state recovery efforts, which relate very much to the work here, very important efforts to make sure Medicaid is spent properly and efficiently and effectively. And I think what one learns running the programs is the devil is always in the details. It is very difficult to think about how to implement these kind of programs, and one needs to think about all the alternatives and the administrative demands and the costs of those and weigh those against what the benefit will be.    Ms. Riley. As I understand the bill, it would, indeed, have that potential. And our staff could certainly do some more technical analysis on that.    Ms. Riley. As I understand the bill, if it was over $50,000, it could count for 20 years.    Ms. Riley. That would be how I would read the bill, yes.    Ms. Riley. Right. And it gets stretched over months, yes.    Ms. Riley. I think that is a possibility. I think the definition is broad. And I think it would also depend on how each state would interpret it. So it would also be a variation in the program across states.    Ms. Riley. It is very serious issue. And I know, I believe that is the report, Congressman, that spoke specifically to foster children and their disproportionate use of these.    Ms. Riley. I know that MACPAC has taken that under very serious attention and is looking at, particularly around the focus on foster children, and we reported on that in our June 2015 report to Congress.    Ms. Riley. We don't take positions on particular pieces of legislation. The staff has looked at this. And I think the concerns are around the definition of lump sum and the discussions we have earlier that, in fact, it could catch payments for disability, for an accident, for somebody who has been paid a disability payment. We know that there is a 2-year wait for people for SSDI. And then there is often a lump-sum payment for the person who may, in fact, have medical bills to pay. So I think the issue here would be the issue of how broad the definition is.    Ms. Riley. CMS.    Ms. Riley. Let me get back to you and ask the staff to make sure that we do a comprehensive review. But there certainly is CMS oversight.    Ms. Riley. And that is the charge of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission. It is the broad set of activities in which we are engaged. And I am not familiar with this particular case. But I am certain--we have a Commission meeting coming up, and I can assure you it will be one of the topics we talk about.    Ms. Riley. Long-term services and support.    Ms. Riley. In the verification space? The states have an array of activities which they pursue. And I think the notion of electronic validation raises questions about the cost of that. It is, again, the cost-benefit tradeoff. I think there are 9 or 10 states that currently have those systems. They have said that they are succeeding in getting savings from those activities. But I don't, we are not aware of any evaluations that have been underway or completed that would tell us really what the cost-benefit analysis of that verification activity is.    Ms. Riley. Well, it is obviously a laudable goal to make sure we root out any fraud and abuse in this very important area. It is a $16 billion spend. The elderly and people with disabilities depend on these services. That said, I think it is a good example of one of the issues that MACPAC has raised in one of its reports. We pay fraud and abuse and fraud control units with a 75/25 match. But we pay for the activities like EVV with a 50/50 match. So there are not startup funds, and there is sort of a disincentive to do the frontend activity with a lower match rate, but a higher match rate to go get them when there is a mistake or fraud has occurred. So I think it raises an important question that MACPAC has raised in the past about whether we ought to invest differently in state administrative functions that could better prevent fraud and abuse.    Ms. Riley. It was a recommendation from MACPAC in I believe our March 2012 report and a discussion that we have had numerous times with the states. It is really frustrating that one wants to do more to prevent fraud and abuse. And that enhanced match could address. Of course, that is a cost to the Federal Government, so it is easy to talk about and difficult to do. But I think it is, again, a balancing act of how much to invest after the fact to go and recoup from fraud and abuse practices versus before the fact to try to prevent them. And EVV is a good example of such an initiative.    Ms. Riley. I think it would be useful, there are the 10 states like Oklahoma that are now engaged in EVV. And I think it would be a fairly quick kind of study. And I will certainly speak with our staff about whether we can take a look at that.    Ms. Riley. I think that is a question in the drafting of the bill about how broadly one defines ``lump sum.''    Ms. Riley. Again, Congressman, we haven't taken a position on this. But the MACPAC has long been a supporter of good, consistent data from all the states and territories. I think this bill includes the same sorts of information states now must report. So it is very much related and would be consistent with what states now have to report.    Ms. Riley. That is a very good question. We have a wonderful staff who provide detailed information to us. And we can certainly take a look at how much we report on the territories.    Ms. Riley. We will.    Ms. Riley. I believe that is correct.    Ms. Riley. Yes. And I think CMS has restructured and strengthened its work with the states as well.    Ms. Riley. The law currently protects the spouse at home to a max of $119,000. I don't believe there is any data that I am aware of, we can certainly have the staff look at this, that talks about the number of people who would be eligible for this kind of annuity. I suspect it is small. And you are correct, there remain the estate recovery provisions for long-term care, so that the state is compelled by Federal law to go after the remaining estate after the death of the spouse.    Ms. Riley. I don't believe so. I think the example is a higher number. And I think that is the issue with the definition.    Ms. Riley. MACPAC is very much concerned about that. There is quite a disparate set of activities across the states. And I think the New York example sounds very intriguing. I think part of the problem is we don't have a good definition of what best practices are and what works and what doesn't. So it would be helpful to be able to have a set of criteria against which to measure state activities and then disseminate those that work across the country. And it was very much a recommendation of     Ms. Riley. That is right. It may not work in Oklahoma, but Oklahoma may be able to tweak it a bit so it works better. And that certainly is an experience that we have seen in MACPAC.    Ms. Riley. It provides 61 percent of all spending on long-term care services.    Ms. Riley. Well, I think that is always a question in these adjustments about the difference in cost of living across the country. And that is a very legitimate question. Obviously, today spouses are protected up to the limit of $119,000. It is interesting to think about the unintended consequence that could occur if this bill passes and that would be to wonder if people would stop buying annuities and then maybe become eligible sooner. It is a question, I think, without an answer at this point.    Ms. Riley. I think always the unintended consequences are the most difficult to contemplate but need to be considered.    Ms. Riley. Yes, sir. I think there is some good news and that is if one is concerned about the spending in Medicaid on long-term care, when I started in this field, Medicaid spending for long-term care was about 75 percent of the total bill, as I recall. And so we have improved economic conditions, improved income supports for older people; some use of long-term care insurance has changed that situation.    Ms. Riley. They clearly are an important front line and they rest in attorneys general offices and work closely with Medicaid programs, and so it certainly seems that the territories could benefit from that kind of support.    Ms. Riley. There are a variety of ways that states look at patient care, not just through the fraud lens, and there are numerous reports and numerous activities of state licensing boards as well as Medicaid agencies that look at the quality of patient care.    Ms. Riley. I don't, but we would be happy to look at.