    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte, Members of the Committee, and our honored witnesses here for the hearing, and those who are in 2141 to participate in the listening of this very important measure.    H.R. 699, the ``Email Privacy Act,'' enjoys I'm pleased to say, the overwhelming bipartisan support in the House. As of this morning, the bill has earned 304 cosponsors; 191 Republicans, 113 Democrats; and 27 Members of the House Judiciary Committee.    Now, what do all of these Members have in common? First of all, we agree that the Electronic Communications Privacy Act is outdated and provides unjustifiably inconsistent standards for government access to our stored communication. This statute continues to serve as one of the main guarantees of our digital privacy, but the law was designed in 1986, when few of us used email, and even fewer imagined a world in which we could so freely share information online.    The consequences of applying a 30-year-old understanding of technology to modern communications are inconsistent, at best. For example, the law seems to apply different standards for government access to the same email at different points in its lifecycle, when it's drafted, when it's transmitted, when it's opened by its recipient, and when it is archived in the cloud. We are not well served by a law whose application is unpredictable and that the courts have had great difficulty in interpreting. Because of the rapid pace of technological change, this situation will only get worse if we do not act.    Secondly, the sponsors of this bill agree that the government should be obligated to show probable cause before it can require a provider to disclose the content in its customer's mail, no matter how old the message is. This standard is consistent with the holding of the Sixth Circuit court in the Warshak case in 2010. That case motivated the Department of Justice to voluntarily adopt a warrants for email standard. It also effectively ended the unconstitutional use of subpoenas to compel third parties to produce content in civil enforcement actions.    Current law requires the government to show probable cause and obtain a warrant only for email that has been in storage for 180 days or less. But the government can use and subpoena for the same email if it's stored for 1 day longer. This is no longer acceptable to most Americans. As the Sixth Circuit rightly observed, citizens have the same reasonable expectation of privacy in their email before and after the 180-day mark, and as the Department of Justice testified soon thereafter, there is no principal basis to treat email less than 180 days old differently than email more than 180 days old.    Thirdly, the sponsors of H.R. 699 all agree that current law is not adequate to protect new forms of digital communication. Content is content. Our expectation of privacy does not diminish merely because Congress didn't think of the medium when it last visited the statute. The law should protect electronic communications across the board, email, text messages, private messages of all sorts, and other forms of digital information stored in the cloud.    Finally, the sponsors of this bill agree that we must act without delay. We have an obligation to provide clear standards to law enforcement with respect to emerging technologies. We should also recognize that American businesses cannot sustain these new technologies if consumers cannot trust them.    As the Committee takes up this bill, we should ensure that it does not conflict with the basic notion that the government's seizure of our email without a warrant violates the Fourth Amendment, but we should note that this principle has already taken hold across the Federal Government. The Department of Justice already uses warrants for email in criminal cases. The government stopped using lesser process in the civil context years ago.    In short, Mr. Chairman and Members, this legislation accomplishes two vital tasks. It updates the statute for modern use, and it does so without any significant interruption to law enforcement. We should all come together on this bill as soon as possible, and I want to personally thank the witnesses for being with us today and for their testimony, and I urge my colleagues to give this measure their full support, and I thank the Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin my questioning, I'd like to ask unanimous consent to introduce a statement from the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Jared Polis, into the record. He's the lead Democratic Member on this bill, and his views are worth consideration by the Committee. Can I get a unanimous consent request approved?    Mr. Conyers. All right. Thank you. Let me begin my questions with Chris Calabrese. I'm trying to find out why this bill is so popular from your point of view. The Email Privacy Act, 304 sponsors, privacy advocates, civil libertarians support it, former prosecutors, Fortune 500 companies, and small businesses across the country. More than 100,000 Americans have signed a petition urging the White House to support this measure. How come?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. And also in your testimony you mention that the bill faces a concerted assault from civil agencies that seek to use statutory changes as a tool to gain new powers. Some argue the powers are already on the books. Why do you refer to the SEC's proposal as a request for new powers?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    Mr. Rosenzweig, the government often conducts parallel criminal and civil investigations to the same target. What would be the practical consequences if we adopted a warrant standard for email in criminal investigations and some lesser standard for those in civil investigations?    Mr. Conyers. Let me squeeze in one final question here. The Sixth Circuit in Warshak held that, to the extent that the Stored Communications Act permits the use of subpoenas to compel the production of email, the statute is unconstitutional. Given that holding, is the mechanism proposed by the SEC also unconstitutional? Anybody want to try that in addition to you?    Mr. Conyers. Could it withstand the Fourth Amendment challenge in the courts, do you think?    Mr. Conyers. All right. Thank you so much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.