    Mr. King. The Executive Overreach Task Force will come to order, and without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Task Force at any time. And I will recognize myself for an opening statement.    Today's hearing of the Task Force on Executive Overreach will focus on mandatory spending at the Federal level, and the resulting entitlement crisis. Federal spending is characterized, excuse me, categorized as either discretionary or mandatory spending.    Under discretionary spending, the President and Congress decide each year which programs to fund, and how much. To do so, they are supposed to enact 12 appropriations bills that fund the defense budget, and a wide range of domestic programs. Some programs are continued, some programs are created, and some programs, less often, are ended.    But under mandatory spending, the President and Congress create programs, mostly so-called entitlement programs, that continue automatically from year to year. That is unless Congress enacts laws in later years to change them.    These entitlements have increasingly dominated Federal spending, and they grow automatically forever, by annually providing more generous benefits to more eligible people. As Urban Institute scholar Eugene Steuerle has written, ``to top it off,'' and this is a quote, ``to top it off, these automatic growth rates, particularly in retirement and health programs, were sometimes set at levels above the growth rate, in people's private incomes and the economy itself. Eventually, the prospect of new and growing future deficits arises even in the absence of any new congressional action.''    This trend is accelerating as ever more years of taxpayer support are required as people live longer, and as there has come to be fewer taxpayers relative to the beneficiaries, as birthrates have fallen.    As Mr. Steuerle has summarized, ``Where policymakers of the past could achieve budget balance simply by enacting few or no increases in discretionary spending for a while, or in a few cases, mainly after war, cutting discretionary spending, such a strategy would prove futile in today's fiscal context.    ``Now the reverse is true. Built-in growth in spending will exceed the growth in revenue forever, or until the economy collapses. Eventually, with revenues completely allotted to finance fast-growing entitlements, Congress will have to finance any dollar of discretionary spending by borrowing, often from abroad.''    Recent experience in advanced economies indicates that countries with debt above 80 percent of gross domestic product and persistent deficits are vulnerable to doubts by lenders, which lead to higher interest rates, which in turn make our fiscal situation much worse by requiring us to devote an even larger share of Federal revenues to paying for the interest on our debt.    That is an unsustainable situation. Mandatory entitlements continue to grow larger with the volume of current beneficiaries, making the debt burden larger and larger as our future generations grow smaller and smaller.    As researchers at the Urban Institute have concluded, ``If current trends for younger generations are not reversed, within a few decades they may become more dependent than older generations of Americans today, especially in retirement, upon safety net programs less capable of providing basic support.''    I look forward to hearing from all our witnesses today, and discussing ways in which we might step away from the abyss that has been growing steadily at our feet for decades. That abyss cannot grow forever without opening under the feet of future generations, and swallowing their futures and opportunities.    I would conclude my statement, and now recognize the Ranking Member from Tennessee for his opening statement, Mr. Cohen.    Mr. King. I thank the Ranking Member from Tennessee for his opening statement, and now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte from Virginia, for his opening statement.    Mr. King. I thank the Chairman for his opening statement, and I now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the venerable gentleman from Detroit, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. King. Resisting the temptation to engage in debate, I thank the gentleman from Michigan. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    And let me now introduce our witnesses. Our first witness is Eugene Steuerle, Institute fellow and Richard B. Fisher Chair at the Urban Institute; our second witness is Mr. Scott Lilly, senior fellow at the Center for American Progress; and our third witness is Nicholas Eberstadt, the Henry Wendt scholar in political economy at the American Enterprise Institute.    We welcome you all here today, and look forward to your testimony. Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each witness summarize his testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that timeframe, there is a light in front of you. The light will switch from green to yellow, indicating you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates the witness' 5 minutes have expired, and we appreciate you just working to that direction.    Before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Task Force that they be sworn in. So, to the witnesses, please stand to be sworn. Raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? You may be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses have all answered in the affirmative.    And now I recognize our first witness, Mr. Steuerle, for his 5 minutes of testimony. Please turn on the microphone, Mr. Steuerle.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Steuerle. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Lilly for his testimony. Mr. Lilly?    Mr. King. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Lilly, and the Chair now recognizes Mr. Eberstadt for his testimony.    Mr. King. Mr. Eberstadt, could you move the microphone a little closer? Thank you.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Eberstadt, for your testimony, and all the witnesses. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. And I would turn first to you, Mr. Eberstadt, and ask if you could expand a little bit on a point that is in your written testimony regarding male flight from work. What is this social dynamic that is brought about, I think by your assertion at least, because of the entitlement programs?    Mr. King. Mr. Eberstadt, would you agree that it looks like there is an incentive in the entitlement programs, though, that discourage work, and that is a component in the data that you have seen?    Mr. King. I want to pose a question off of that. And that is, and I have watched different places around the world as, it looks like a group of people loses its work ethic over time. And some of it has to do with the welfare programs, some of it is just loss of opportunity, subtle and not producing in the economy. Can you think of any examples where that work ethic that has been inter-generationally diminished has been reconstituted again back to the former work ethic?    Mr. King. So probably the Protestant work ethic would be some of that, and I recognize that. For now, I think you, and I turn to Mr. Steuerle. And one of the things that you mentioned was that we have never been so rich. I would assert we are the richest country in the history of the world, and yet we cannot sustain ourselves in real time, even when we are not in a national security crisis mode. Can you enlighten us as to what happens if we continue down this path? Where is the cliff, and what does it look like?    Mr. King. Thank you, and then, Mr. Lilly, in your vision into the future, if we continue down this path with this debt load we have, or we adjust it with tax increases to make some accommodations to that, is there a limit to what we can sustain? Can we always raise taxes to get it back to I think something resembling balance? Or is there a cliff for us? Is our borrowing capacity getting limited, and if so is it a percentage of GDP? How do you envision this thing getting out of hand, because I know you are concerned about it?    Mr. King. Would putting a much higher percentage of our people to work, would be part of your solution?    Mr. King. We will give you the last word on that, Mr. Lilly. And now I yield back the balance of my time, and recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, the Ranking Member, for his questioning.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Tennessee yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Idaho yields back. The Chair will now recognize their Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Conyers, for your engagement. And the gentleman from Michigan has yielded back the balance of his time. Chair will now recognize the other gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Michigan returns his time. And Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. King. I thank the gentlelady from California for yielding back her time. And the Chair now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert.    Mr. King. I thank the gentleman from Texas. And the Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Buck.    Mr. King. The gentleman from Colorado yields back. This concludes today's hearing, and thanks to all our witnesses for your testimony and your participation.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the record, or additional materials for the record. I thank the witnesses, and I thank the members in audience. This hearing is adjourned.