    Mr. Pai. Thank you, sir.    Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify today. Since 2012, it has been a pleasure to labor alongside you on these issues of critical importance, and I look forward to continuing that work in the time to come.    This morning, I would like to share my perspective on three important issues on which members of this subcommittee have recently focused, and I will start with broadband deployment.    Before shovels even hit the dirt, Internet service providers must navigate a dizzying array of Federal, state, and local obstacles, and this comes at a cost. Every week spent negotiating with a municipality for access to local rights of way is another week that consumers must wait for a faster service. Every dollar spent complying with outdated regulations is a dollar that could have been spent delivering digital opportunities. I have heard and seen this for myself, everywhere from Fargo, North Dakota, to Hammond, Louisiana.    I applaud the work of this subcommittee on breaking down the barriers to broadband infrastructure deployment. On a bipartisan basis, you have examined six bills that could boost broadband deployment, including the Broadband Conduit Deployment Act of 2015. This bill would help ensure that fiber accompanies every new highway and, thereby, improve broadband across America. This kind of work in the weeds is exactly what is needed if we are going to spur private-sector investment.    Unfortunately, in my view, the FCC has not been as focused in promoting the digital revolution. The decision to regulate Internet service providers, like Ma Bell of yore, is a case in point, but that is not the only problematic decision. The FCC has also impeded the IP transition, making it harder for carriers to leave behind the fading copper networks of yesterday and focus on building next-generation networks.    It is time for the Commission to change course. We should recognize that competition is the best guarantor of consumer welfare, certainly more than pervasive regulation. We should embrace the IP transition and clear out the regulatory underbrush that has slowed down the rollout of new services. And we should work with this subcommittee on further breaking down the barriers to infrastructure investment.    Speaking of changing course, I hope the Commission will soon abandon its quest to regulate the over-the-top video market. So far, we have left this market to evolve on its own, and that has been a wise approach, in my opinion. As the Digital Media Association, which represents over-the-top providers including Apple, Microsoft, and Sony, put it, ``The tremendous developments in over-the-top services have emerged in an environment that permits innovators to be flexible and unencumbered.'' And so the Commission's proposal, as they put it, ``could end up backfiring, reducing resources and opportunities for these innovators rather than expanding them.''    And, last month, Ranking Member Pallone called on the FCC to hit the ``pause'' button on regulating streaming video because consumers are beginning to have more programs to choose from, more ways to get them, and more options on prices. I wholeheartedly agree. And I think that the FCC should embrace the paradigm he expressed this morning of putting consumers first.    One last concern I raise for the subcommittee's consideration is the agency's enforcement process. I applaud the leaders of this subcommittee for asking the GAO last month to investigate the management of the FCC's Enforcement Bureau.    To be blunt, the FCC's enforcement process has gone off the rails. The FCC routinely asserts that companies have violated never-adopted rules, ignores facts that get in the way of good press, and plucks forfeiture amounts out of thin air.    Things weren't always this way. Under Chairman Genachowski's leadership, I only dissented on one enforcement action, and that was because I thought the proposed forfeiture amount was too low. Under Acting Chairwoman Clyburn's leadership, I didn't dissent on any Enforcement Bureau actions, not one. But in the last 13 months, I have voted against 10. To be clear, I haven't changed my approach. It is the Commission's approach that has changed.    One further problem is that Commissioners themselves can't oversee the enforcement process. On June 24, I asked the Enforcement Bureau to provide me with a list of their open investigations. One day before our last oversight hearing, the Chairman's office told me they believed they were a week or two away from supplying this information. Five months later, my office has followed up on this request no less than 12 separate times, and I still haven't received a list of open investigations.    This is unacceptable. As someone nominated by the President and accountable to this body and to the American public for making FCC policy, I should be able to find out what the FCC, including its bureaus, is doing. That I can't indicates that the agency's process is broken.    Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee, thank you once again for holding this hearing. I appreciate your concern about areas of interest to the FCC and look forward to working with you once again in the time to come.    Mr. Pai. I do wholeheartedly, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pai. Mr. Chairman, a couple of responses.    First, I think, fundamentally, every Commissioner has the responsibility to understand, because we are accountable for the policy decisions that any subordinate bureau makes.    Secondly, I have a security clearance comparable to any member of the Enforcement Bureau. I have been privy to some of the most sensitive government operations there are, far more sensitive, for example, than deciding whether or not Lyft or Uber or somebody else should get a citation from the Enforcement Bureau.    Additionally, I think that it is a question of selective prosecution that has been raised. For example, on issues like the TCPA, our number-one source of complaints is for violations of the Do Not Call Registry. Yet, when we adopted the TCPA rules, we only had one Enforcement Bureau citation on the books. Why is that?    Pirate radio. Commissioner O'Rielly has long been beating the drum, yet it wasn't a priority till----    Mr. Pai . Recently. I want to understand why that is.    Mr. Pai. So the conversation thus far has focused on things that are circulated to the Commissioners for a vote--a notice of apparent liability, for instance.    What I am talking about is a list of open investigations, things that the Enforcement Bureau is doing without our knowledge that is not ultimately, perhaps, going to be presented to us for a vote.    Quite often, we hear about these things only when they reach the press. And, for example, the recent Hilton letter of inquiry is something that I learned about and my staff learned about because of press reports.    And it seems to me that it is not too much to ask for the people who are tasked by this body with setting communications policy to understand what it is----    Mr. Pai. The Enforcement Bureau is not an independent agency with----    Mr. Pai. I am not sure how long it had been going on, but it was issued contemporaneously with some other enforcement actions we took that very day.    Mr. Pai. Thank you for the question, Congressman. And I understand that is a widespread concern. I think that here regulatory humility is called for, not just because it is imperative that the FCC hew strictly to the mandate that was set forth in the law but also because, as you pointed out and have pointed out various times before, this marketplace is changing rapidly, and so any FCC intervention could have unintended consequences.    So, therefore, I don't think it is appropriate for us to issue technological mandates or otherwise adopt proposals that could frustrate innovation, that could allow for the theft of content, that could otherwise stand in the way of consumer benefits.    Mr. Pai. I saw it on the Web site yesterday.    Mr. Pai. I would agree with what my colleague said. And I also have had the opportunity to speak with counterparts from South Asia to South America who have expressed amazement that, having built the Internet economy that is the envy the world, the U.S. would put that at risk with a regulatory scheme that creates more uncertainty and impedes future broadband deployment.    Mr. Pai. Two aspects of that.    First, the agency's decision divested the Federal Trade Commission of jurisdiction, and they are the agency with longstanding expertise as well as statutory authority over this area.    In the meantime, unless and until the FCC, the five of us, promulgate rules, the binding guidance upon the agency was put out in an Enforcement Bureau advisory on May 20 of last year. And this is the core rule now that the private sector has to adhere to: ``The Enforcement Bureau intends that broadband providers should employ effective privacy protections in line with their privacy policies and core tenets of basic privacy protections.''    I have no idea what this means. Neither does the private sector. And the entire industry is at the mercy, from edge providers to ISPs, as to how the agency is going to proceed in this brave new world.    Mr. Pai. I would agree with Commissioner O'Rielly on that.    And I think it is also critical to remember that our authority, as granted by Congress, is extremely limited. Under section 222, telecommunications carriers, backed up by the FCC's rules, have a duty to protect customer proprietary network information. That is a very narrow category of information, such things as your telephone number or what service you subscribe to. It is not the vast array of information that people think about when they think about privacy.    And so I worry, as well as Commissioner O'Rielly has suggested, that the agency's newfound zeal to enforce these privacy mandates may bleed over to edge providers. If you like something on Facebook, is that, sort of, a consumer piece of information that consumers would expect to be private? It may well be, in which case the FCC would have the incentive and ability to get into that space.    Mr. Pai. I agree with what Commissioner O'Rielly has said, both in terms of process, the fact that all of us found out about it yesterday, and in terms of substance, that the MOU wouldn't have been necessary if we had each stayed within our lanes and let the FTC handle what it is statutorily empowered to do. And if we focused on building out broadband to a lot of these areas as opposed to regulating the network heavily, this entire MOU would have been obviated.    Mr. Pai. That is a good question, Congressman. I suppose those companies should be grateful to the extent that the agency was generous. In the Ortel case, for example, it said that the FCC had the authority to fine those companies $9 billion, but, out of the goodness of its heart, it was only going to fine them $5 million. But I think, in a lot of cases, it is simply a number drawn out of thin air.    And in this regard, I tend to be old-fashioned. I think, before you enforce a rule, you have to have a rule. If you are going to pick a number, it should have some grounding in objective fact and, you know, precedent. That is just not the way the enforcement operation works anymore.    Mr. Pai. Not passing.    Mr. Pai. I don't, Congressman.    And I think you put your finger right on the concern. The notion that the government should force one company to stay in a business that it doesn't want to be in for the benefit of another company is the very definition of intrusive government intervention.    Instead, we should recognize that the marketplace is much more competitive, that cable companies are deploying metro Ethernet, that wireless is increasingly an alternative, and get out of this business of, you know, sort of, Depression-era regulation of a marketplace that simply isn't the way it was back in the 1930s.    Mr. Pai. I was not, Congresswoman.    Mr. Pai. No.    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the question, Congressman.    I think, absolutely, there is bipartisan agreement here, as there is on this panel, on ``dig once'' and other policies like it. As I pointed out in my testimony, I think the six pieces of legislation that you have introduced and/or are considering are terrific.    And I have seen that for myself. Just last week, I was in Hammond, Louisiana, stringing fiber along mud in the Bayou, and I heard firsthand how difficult it is to navigate around some of these regulatory obstacles.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I think this is essentially the problem, is that if consumers are to have a uniform expectation of privacy, then it would seem to follow from that that everybody in the broadband ecosystem, from your Internet service provider all the way to the edge provider, should face the same regulations.    Mr. Rush. Thank you.    Does any other Commissioner have anything to offer?    Mr. Pai. Congressman, this doesn't directly relate to social media, but one of the things that I was disturbed to find when I visited a maximum-security prison in Georgia recently was that the use of contraband cell phones is having a direct and severe effect on people outside of prisons. I heard about family members, witnesses, and others, crime victims, who, because of the use of contraband cell phones in prison, have faced threats, including to their very lives.    And I think that is something where the agency, a couple of years ago, teed up a number of different ideas. And I think it would be appropriate for the agency to come to closure on that to help protect some of these people, disproportionately minority, who are getting, some killed or robbed or otherwise threatened by use of this technology.    Mr. Pai. Sure.    Mr. Pai. Yes, according to the majority.    Mr. Pai. Yes.    Mr. Pai. Yes.