    Mr. LoBiondo. Good morning. The subcommittee will come to order. I would like to thank you all for being here.    Before we proceed, I would like to welcome the Colgan family members who have been very faithful about coming to our hearings. And I assure you that it will be a top committee priority for safety and I remember the tragedy and the loss that you all suffered. And if any of you think that this hearing date was arbitrary, it is not. So please help me in recognizing Ranking Member Rick Larsen's birthday.    Mr. LoBiondo. Rick, wish you happy birthday.    Mr. LoBiondo. I know you couldn't want to celebrate in any other way than having a hearing.    Mr. LoBiondo. Dreams come true, OK. So again, thank you all very much.    At a subcommittee roundtable in December the DOT inspector general and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association highlighted a number of challenges the FAA continues to face in ensuring that our Nation's busiest air traffic control facilities are staffed with the most experienced and highly trained air traffic controllers, or CPCs .    Like most people, when I board a major airliner I assume the pilots are highly experienced and well trained, and that the flight, at least under today's air traffic control system, is going to be guided to its destination by a hard-working team of dedicated FAA air traffic controllers. Like with airline pilots, we assume FAA's 14,000-plus controller workforce are highly trained and experienced.    However, in 2012 and in 2016 the DOT IG found that a high percentage of the controllers at our busiest ATC facilities, including terminal radar approach control facilities in Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, and New York are so-called developmental controllers, or trainees, who cannot manage traffic without the direct supervision of a fully certified controller or a facility manager.    In addition, of the 14,000-plus controller workforce, just over 10,600 controllers are fully certified, which is a 27-year low.    We are also concerned about the safety implications of the rising workload for CPCs, many of whom are subject to mandatory 6-day workweeks and high rates of overtime. The drop in CPCs can be attributed to several factors.    Over the past several years the FAA has struggled to replace the thousands of controllers who were hired during the 1981 Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization strike, most of whom have reached the agency's mandatory retirement age of 56. The FAA's hiring efforts were severely hampered in 2013, when the agency stopped training new hires at its training academy in Oklahoma City, due to sequestration.    In 2014, the FAA abruptly changed its controller hiring process, and made even further poorly executed changes in 2015. Consequently, the FAA has missed its controller hiring targets for 6 consecutive years. To its credit, in the past year the FAA has made some progress on the hiring front, with the agency stating it will reach its hiring goal this year.    Some of the internal bottlenecks that were highlighted at the December roundtable include prolonged security and medical reviews, and they have been addressed. The FAA has also worked with NATCA on a revised policy to facilitate the transfer of fully certified controllers to the busiest ATC facilities.    That being said, we have a long way to go. In addition to seeing little improvement in the development of fully certified controllers, we are concerned that the agency's revamped controller hiring process is not putting forward the highest quality controller candidates, as evidenced by a 20-percent drop in the FAA Academy pass rate since the hiring process would change, with academy failures a whopping 142 percent above the fiscal year 2015 forecasted level.    Yesterday the parents and instructors of one of our Nation's many fine Collegiate Training Initiative, CTI, institutions, met with me to share their frustrations with the FAA's revamped controller hiring process. It is a story that I have heard many times over in the past 2 years, but one that is no less saddening. Their experiences led me to conclude that the current controller hiring process is underserving our Nation and the flying public.    Nearly 3,000 highly qualified CTI graduates who want to serve as air traffic controllers were left in the cold when the FAA changes were made in the hiring process, with many more abandoning their hopes because they have aged out. And they were left in the cold basically with no notice of any kind that the changes were being made after expending, in some cases, huge sums of money.    And yet we are holding a hearing on inadequate controller staffing levels. I hope that our witnesses can explain why the FAA eliminated the CTI program preference. If further progress is not made in the areas of controller hiring, placement, and training, our Nation's ATC system may not be able to handle rising airline operations and passenger demand, which is expected to reach 1 billion passengers by the end of the next decade. Should the FAA not hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of controllers, the FAA may be forced to reduce airline operations to the detriment of passengers, shippers, and overall economy to ensure safety is not compromised.    We saw this scenario played out in April 2013, when the FAA curtailed ATC operations across the country due to sequestration-related controller furloughs, causing a week of historic airline delays and cancellations. So, I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on ways we can work together to address these longstanding problems.    Before I recognize my colleague, Mr. Larsen, for his comments I would like to ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material for the record of this hearing.    Mr. LoBiondo. Without objection, so ordered. Now I would like to yield to Mr. Larsen for any comments he may make.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Larsen. I would like to welcome and recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Shuster.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Shuster. And we are pleased to welcome and recognize Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. Now we are going to turn to our first panel with just one witness, and it is Congressman Randy Hultgren. And as Chairman Shuster said, Randy has been very passionate about this issue, and we welcome hearing from you, Randy.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Randy, very much. Now we are going to move to the second panel, so we will give the staff a second to set up.    And while they are doing that I will introduce the second panel, which includes Ms. Teri Bristol, chief operating officer of the Air Traffic Organization at FAA, who is accompanied by Mr. Rickie Cannon, deputy assistant administrator for human resource management at the FAA.    We are also joined by Mr. Matt Hampton, who we are pleased to welcome back again, assistant inspector general for aviation audits, United States Department of Transportation.    Mr. Paul Rinaldi, president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association.    And Mr. Randy Babbitt, senior vice president of labor relations for Southwest Airlines.    We thank you all for being here. And Ms. Bristol, if you are ready, you are now recognized for your statement. Microphone, please.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Ms. Bristol.    And now we will turn to Mr. Hampton for your statement. Thank you for being here.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you very much, Mr. Hampton.    Mr. Rinaldi, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Rinaldi.    Now we will turn to Mr. Babbitt for your statement. You are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Babbitt, thank you very much. We will now turn to Mr. Shuster for questions.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. DeFazio?    Mr. LoBiondo. Just very briefly, I want to strongly associate with Mr. DeFazio's comments on the revised hiring process.    And Ms. Bristol and Mr. Cannon, do you realize when we are talking about a military air traffic controller that can't be qualified for civilian air traffic control, and you are telling this committee and the rest of the world that you are justifying that your process is valid, and trying to make all of us understand how that is OK, how absurd and ridiculous it is to us, that somehow you don't kind of regroup and say, ``Look, maybe we have got to relook at this, and if we have got military air traffic controllers that have gone through CTI, maybe we have done something wrong here''? So this--you are hurting yourself by doing this.    Very briefly, we are going to go to Mr. Rokita, but Mr. Shuster asked to make a brief comment.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Rokita, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Lipinski.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Lipinski.    Mr. Mica?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you. Mr. Larsen?    Mr. LoBiondo. It is your birthday; whatever you want.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Rinaldi, at the roundtable we held in December you outlined some steps that you thought the FAA should take to improve the hiring and training and placement. Can you tell us any specific improvements in this area over the last 6 months?    Mr. LoBiondo. Ms. Bristol, I want to commend you and the team for the collaboration with Mr. Rinaldi and NATCA. It seems like that is going to be crucial and essential.    But can you explain the difference between the staffing targets your team developed with NATCA and the recommended staffing ranges included in the FAA's annual controller workforce plan?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Hampton or Mr. Rinaldi, care to comment?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Ms. Bristol, according to Mr. Rinaldi, controllers are working mandatory 6-day workweeks at TRACONs in Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, and New York. And according to your agency, controller overtime expenditures have jumped from $54 million in 2011 to $78 million in 2015.    Do you share our concern with the pressure being put on controllers, the safety and operational implications of increasing their workloads? And how long can this be kept up this way before we have some kind of a breaking point?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Hampton or Mr. Rinaldi, care to comment?    Mr. LoBiondo. OK. Thank you. Now turn to Mr. Maloney.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Farenthold.    Mr. LoBiondo. We are going to go to Ms. Johnson next, but just very quickly, Mr. Cannon, you are hearing a lot about this, but, you know, the CTI students, without any notice, without any ability to grandfather, in some cases spent tens of thousands of dollars to go through the system and just--the ax fell down, and that is it. And there--it just--there is not a good answer for that.    Ms. Johnson?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Davis.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Carson?