    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chief, welcome. As we have talked before, I think West Virginia has a good relationship with the Forest Service, and we appreciate you.    We have 125,000 private landowners and about 80 percent of our forests are privately owned. I want to ask you about the Forest Service's Stewardship Program.    Under the proposed Fiscal Year budget that we are talking about, there is over a half a million-dollar cut suggested in that program. We think this program provides a lot of technical support. It is an important tool. It has been successful. Can you give me a rationale for why the proposed cut to what we see as an important program that provides much-needed services?    Mr. Jenkins. The farm bill directed State foresters to take a comprehensive look at forests. Can you help me understand how the Forest Service and the national forests are working with State foresters to accomplish the objectives and priorities detailed in the State Action Plans, and what has been asked for under the farm bill?    Mr. Jenkins. My last question is that as one of the few eastern members here that have substantial national forestlands in their district, I have been monitoring how the Agency's agenda applies to our forests. Last year, one of the questions for the record that I submitted was asking about the most recent forest plan monitoring update for the Monongahela National Forest. When we talked last year, I saw that that update was last done back in 2011, which is on the Web.    And in response to my questions for the record, I was advised that the update would be done by May of 2015. But I have just checked and it appears as though, again, for the Monongahela National Forest we still do not have any forest plan monitoring update. Can you tell me why we cannot get that updated, and why we missed the May 2015 promise, and where we stand on that?    Mr. Jenkins. The Monongahela is very important in my district and throughout the entire region, so we welcome the feedback, and we continue to look forward to working with you. Thank you, Chief.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, thank you for being here.    I notice in your budget you have got funding to try to help our coal pension fund for our coal miners. I appreciate the investment. I look forward to working with you because we want to make sure that our miners are protected, have a solid pension, health benefits that they can rely upon.    What I would like to spend time on is what the Chair of the subcommittee, and in particular, the Chair of the full committee brought up, and that is, of course, stream buffer zone, stream protection rule, whichever way you want to characterize it. My biggest concern, Madam Secretary, and I listened to your testimony carefully. I have read your submitted testimony. I have read the testimony of the OSM director. And I am almost at the belief that you all are tone deaf to the lack of engagement and lack of opportunity for cooperation and input at the State level.    Earlier you described the idea that you did engage with States and took into account their input. OSM published a rule, then held public hearings. When we look back at reality, you had 10 States enter into an MOU to be cooperating agencies in late 2010. And then in February of 2011, you have Alabama, New Mexico, Utah say you were not cooperating and they withdrew.    In March, Texas withdrew. OSM was not cooperating. OSM was not sharing information. In May, Kentucky, West Virginia, with a Democratic governor and Democratic legislature withdrew. You know, this is not a partisan issue. You were not cooperating. You were not sharing information. They withdrew from cooperating agency statutes. Indiana, Montana in July.    Then we have to come in with this rider on the omnibus directing that you share information. OSM has systematically denied, refused FOIAs. The States that historically you had great working relationships with have simply said things have changed dramatically in the last 5, 6 years. So to simply say to the Chairman earlier we engaged, we took their input, and we published the rule, I challenge that. I think you are tone deaf to the reality of what is going on out there for the lack of cooperation.    So number one, are you aware of the frustration that exists amongst the States on a lack of cooperation at OSM in your capacity as the Secretary of Interior? Are you aware of this?    Mr. Jenkins. Are you doing something about it to try to reengage these people, because I continue to hear as of yesterday, no, you have not changed your modus operandi. And, in fact, you suggested to the Chair just a minute ago that one of your representatives has reached out to their State. You referenced that I think 10 or 13 States have been contacted and visited.    Well, guess what? Your person came to West Virginia. I know about that meeting. And our folks at DEP specifically said that OSM represented they are not coming here because of this new mandate. You are really just talking about things in the past.    So my questions are on a couple of things. Number one, of the language that is contained in the omnibus that talks about the stream buffer zone rule and the mandate, I heard you say earlier that you intend to fully comply. My question is, do you believe this is legally mandated on you to do this?    Mr. Jenkins. Secondly, the issue of all technical reports and data as the chairman ran through, are you going to be reviewing and releasing some, or are you truly going to the 5, 6, 7 years, which this, I believe, requires all reports, data, analysis, comments. You are going to turn this over to all of the States, plus I heard you say you are going to make it available on the Web. So is everything going to be put out there?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, it is not an order. You have to understand it is legally binding. This is the law.    Mr. Jenkins. It was signed by the President. So it is not an order. It is the law. And I will just read it. ``OSM is directed to provide the States with all technical reports, data, analysis, comments received, and drafts relative to the environmental reviews, draft and final environmental impact statements.'' Will you provide all of that information?    Mr. Jenkins. Okay.    Mr. Jenkins. Well, I asked the Secretary if it was legally binding, and she just said it is the law. So are you trying to correct her and say, well----    Mr. Jenkins. So now what I am hearing and sensing is that you do not think it is a requirement of law, and, therefore, you may not have to comply fully.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, thanks for being here.    The question came up yesterday. The Secretary was asked how much money had been spent on the Stream Protection Rule. I assume over the last 24 hours you all have had a chance to nail down that number, and hopefully, you are prepared to tell us how much has been spent on the Stream Protection Rule over these last 5, 6, 7, years?    Mr. Jenkins. So, the total amount spent in its entirety from its initiation many years ago, OSM has spent $10.5 million?    Mr. Jenkins. Now, back to the issue that the Chairman raised. I want to point out the operative words in the language that, again, the Secretary yesterday said the Department would fully comply with. Those are, as the Chair said reengage, meaningful manner, before finalization. Reengage, meaningful, and before finalization. I really want there to be emphasis on each of those as we move forward.    The States received this March 1st letter from your office, and I have listened to your testimony carefully, and I have listened to your answers to the Chairman's questions. I think, clearly, you are not satisfying the first two and, hopefully, not the third piece of this.    Number one, the idea that you would send just a letter and then simply include over 100 pages of bibliography. Then putting it in the laps of the States to say here is a conference or here is a document or here is a book or here is a study, and if you want to go out and check it out, fine. What we said is OSM is directed to provide the States with all technical reports, et cetera.    So my question to you is do you believe, based on this letter, based on what has already been uploaded, and based on what you say will continue to be uploaded, do you think you have complied with the directives of providing all of the data and reports? Is all you are going to do is post things, or are you going to be packaging up the items that we have asked for, and actually send them to the States?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, I will be satisfied if what you are describing is that you are allowing the States to decide how best they would like to review everything. I think I just heard you say if West Virginia, for example, my State, requested all of the material pursuant to this in writing, in document form, you would provide that?    Mr. Jenkins. In your testimony, you said one of the reasons you were pursuing this course is that you didn't think the States ``would appreciate'' just sending a lot of material. What that tells me is that you would be willing, if they did appreciate you sending all of the materials, that you would do so.    So don't suggest you thought what they would appreciate and then turn around and say but even if they do want it, we are not going to do it.    My next question is the issue of SPR meetings. Part of the fundamental operation of this directive is the fact that each State is unique, when you go back 30 years and look at why this process was formed in the first place. I hear you talking about a process, and I want to try to be very clear.    With regard to your offer of having a group meeting, once the States have had a chance over these next weeks and months to view 100 pages of bibliography in whatever form they can ultimately get the documents in, each State is going to want to sit with you and have a discussion and talk about the implications for their State. Can you reassure me that it is not the position of OSM that the meeting on this particular date that you have suggested in April satisfies the meeting request requirement of the congressional directive?    And then if my State of West Virginia wants to reengage--which they have already sent you a letter that they do--and wants to meet after looking at this in April or May or June, that you will afford them the individual opportunity and that you will not just check the box for the meeting requirement at the April meeting?    Mr. Jenkins. Let us go back to the meeting. I hear that we have addressed the document. If, after a thorough examination of these documents, our State wants to sit down with OSM at an appropriate time, one on one, reengage with our State, whether that be in April or May or June, to have a substantive discussion, are you willing to do that?    And I just want to make sure that you do not think that you can check the meeting requirement box based on this proposed April meeting.    Mr. Jenkins. But the states didn't have these documents back then. We didn't have all the things that you are still loading. I understand this needs to be a process. We put it in the requirement in the law. You are still uploading it. Even by your own admission, the documents are not all up yet.    You have over 100 pages of bibliographical references. If you are really sincere about reengaging and working together, give us time to work through the documents, analyze, study them, and then sit down with you and talk about the implications to our State. Would you do that?    Mr. Jenkins. But not all. Have all of them?    Mr. Jenkins. Not all of them. Then give us time. Give us time.    Mr. Jenkins. I have got one more question, Mr. Chair. Clearly, you can't bring yourself to say we are going to give you a chance to look at all the documents, and give the states a chance to sit down with you individually and talk about it. You keep talking about what is already up or what OSM is still putting up.    So I will follow up with you, but my clear belief is the requirement in the law that Secretary Jewell says you will comply with is to reengage, provide all the material, and meet with the States individually before finalization.    I was very concerned during your testimony when I heard that you would provide a summary of the engagement from the States. What I expect is that the product where States work with you--in whatever form or fashion--that the individual State's comments are submitted for the administrative rulemaking record. Further, you should give substantive responses just like a normal comment period.    Can you assure me that all the States' input, each and every State, will be conveyed individually and not in summary format? I am reacting to when you said ``prepare summaries and put it in the administrative record.'' That clearly does not meet with our expectations.    Will you assure us that it will not be just simply summaries, and that you will allow for specific input of the comments and then the feedback from each and every State into the administrative record?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, when will the rule be done?    Mr. Jenkins. Do you know what the date is?    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to summarize real briefly. I think this hearing and having you here is a real opportunity to let us air out and have an open discussion about expectations. I just wanted, for the record, to make it very clear that I think a Web site, a two-page letter with 100 pages of bibliography, a meeting in April, and then a summary of comments is not meaningful.    So, I look forward to working with the Chair of this Subcommittee and the full Committee to try to reengage OSM so we can reiterate what truly would be a meaningful process to satisfy what everybody agrees is mandatory.    So I think we have cleared up here that, in my opinion, what you are proposing does not satisfy the meaningful requirement. So we look forward to working with you to try to work towards an understanding of what would be meaningful.    Secondly, relating to AML, the $90 million pilot program. One of the questions that has risen is are those projects that that money will be able to be used for, are they restricted to just those, those pre-1967 sites, or can it be sites post-1967?    So the $30 million for West Virginia, are the properties that a project that has an AML nexus, can the funding be used even if it was an abandoned mine from 5 years ago, not 50 years ago?    Mr. Jenkins. '77?    Mr. Jenkins. Are you applying that '77 line for this special $90 million project? I am hoping you don't.    Mr. Jenkins. From the follow-up discussion with Chairman Rogers and myself, have you all come up with ways in which to expedite and facilitate getting projects approved, getting this money out there?    Mr. Jenkins. Yes.    Mr. Jenkins. Mr. Chairman, thank you for bringing that up, and I appreciate your sensitivity. I know you have been fully engaged. I share your feelings. We have sat with OSM directly to raise our concerns that they are imposing additional criteria, standards, and requirements for this pilot project that are applicable under traditional AML funds. I know that was not the intent. It was not the letter of the law.    We are trying to politely encourage and prod OSM to not treat it in the traditional way, but in the manner in which we intended. And we are trying to make progress. But thank you for that comment. This was not intended to be restricted to pre-1977.    My last comment, Mr. Chairman. You raised your attention to the jobs issue. This is why this whole issue is so important, relating to the stream protection rule, stream buffer zone.    By their own analysis or by their supposed independent analysis, they think that there will be 260 lost jobs nationally, 260, and there would be 250 jobs created by compliance and that the entire net impact is 10 jobs. We have independent studies that suggest that the jobs impact just in Appalachia will be 50,000 and 60,000 jobs.    So when you are talking about a net 10 jobs nationally versus just in my neck of the woods, 40,000 and 50,000 jobs, there is a gulf of disagreement. That is why we need true reengagement, and getting these documents that OSM hasn't been willing to share before despite repeated FOIAs. We have got to get to the bottom of this. And this idea that we are rushing to September of 2016 after 6, 7 years of effort, we know why they are rushing. It is obvious.    But we put directives in the law and Secretary Jewell says it is a requirement. OSA needs to reengage. It needs to be meaningful before you finalize the rule. So, once again, do not finalize until you satisfy what the Secretary agrees is a requirement that you must reengage in a meaningful manner. I have said it clearly from my perspective here, what you are outlining, what you have clearly stated is--in my opinion, is not meaningful.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you. Can I very politely--would you yield for one moment?    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you very much.    The distinction is, in my opinion, this money--and you are very appropriate if we were taking money from AML that would be potentially used for other projects. The $90 million is not coming from AML. While it is going through Interior, this came from the Treasury.    So this is not AML money. It is not taking from Peter for Paul. So that is our issue is it is the source of this money. While the mechanism involves OSM, it is not traditional AML money.