    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today's legislative hearing is an opportunity to consider three pieces of legislation that would address the divergent patchwork of state laws enforcing various tax issues. The Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act is an important bipartisan bill that will help workers across the country and it will also help small and multistate businesses.    Having introduced this bill in both the 110th and 111th Congresses, I am very familiar with this issue. I was pleased to have introduced the bill in the last two Congresses with our esteemed former colleague from North Carolina, Howard Coble, and I welcome my colleague Congressman Bishop's leadership on this bill. And I look forward to working together on this legislation.    H.R. 2315 provides for a uniform and easily administrable law that will simplify the patchwork of existing inconsistent and confusing state rules. It would also reduce administrative cost to states and lessen the compliance burdens on consumers. I urge that the Committee move this bill promptly so that it can come to the floor for a vote soon. This country's employees and businesses deserve quick action.    Turning to H.R. 2584, the ``Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2015.'' This legislation would establish a physical presence standard which must be met before states can impose a business activity tax. While proponents of this legislation contend that businesses need more certainty in determining what activities are taxable and that a uniform standard would provide that, others have argued that states should determine what activities are taxed within their borders and that a physical presence standard created in this bill would invite tax evasion.    Although I have supported similar legislation in the past, I have grown concerned that this bill would prove too costly to states. The Congressional Budget Office reported that a substantively identical predecessor of this bill would cost about $2 billion in the first full year after enactment and that at least that amount in subsequent years. We should study whether there are alternative methods which accomplish the same goal of providing more certainty for businesses while minimizing any impact on our state and local governments, or perhaps revise the bill's language to dampen its affect on state revenues.    Lastly, H.R. 1643, the ``Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015'' would prohibit state and local governments from imposing discriminatory and multiple taxation of digital goods and services and also establish a tax sourcing framework for the sale or use of digital goods and services. I have long supported this bill which will promote innovation in sales through a national framework for digital purchases.    In closing, although I welcome today's hearing, I also look forward to this Committee addressing the remote sales tax issue. As a strong supporter of a level playing field, I have long supported the Marketplace Fairness Act. Despite my preference for a legislative hearing on that bill, I welcome any movement toward addressing the remote sales tax issue.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Norquist. I am glad that we agree on marketplace fairness. It shows that people with different philosophies, in terms of the role of government in our society, do have common ground on a number of issues and marketplace fairness is one of them. I would be remiss if I were not to ask you about marketplace fairness.    Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Sales taxes are due on brick and mortar purchases. They are collected at the time of sale or the point-of-sale. Why is it that online purchases should be treated differently?    Mr. Johnson. Well now, many states and local governments want to be able to collect use taxes from Internet sales. And they cannot do so----    Mr. Johnson. That is correct.    They want to be able to tax purchases.    Mr. Johnson. Well, no. I mean marketplace fairness would just simply enable states and local governments to collect at the point-of-sale sales taxes on purchases made online. But you----    Mr. Johnson. Yes, correct.    Mr. Johnson. You oppose that?    Mr. Johnson. Why do you oppose a state's desire to be able to collect those taxes though?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I hate to interrupt you but I really would like to have further dialogue with you on this particular issue, as well as a range of issues. And I am going to make an effort to reach out to you so that we can sit down and talk offline.    Mr. Johnson. Because I realize how important you are to what is going on in America today. And I would love to have the opportunity to sit down and talk to you.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Acuity Brands is a leading lighting manufacturer based in Georgia with facilities across the country. Acuity employees, over 1,000 associates in my home state of Georgia and over 3,200 associates nationwide, who travel extensively across the country for training, conferences, and other businesses. In a letter in support of H.R. 2315 that I will insert into the record, Richard Reese, Acuities Executive Vice President, writes that current state laws are numerous varied and often changing requiring that the company expend significant resources merely interpreting and satisfying states requirements. Reese concludes that unified clear rules and definitions for nonresidents reporting and withholding obligations would undoubtedly improve compliance rates and it would strike the correct balance between state sovereignty and ensuring that America's modern mobile workforce is not unduly encumbered.    Mr. Lindholm, what is your response to that statement?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to insert the following materials into the record. One is a letter from Acuity Brand's lighting, one of the leading manufacturers of lighting and controls equipment in the world, in support of H.R. 2315. And also, a letter from the Council on State Taxation, the premiere state tax organization representing taxpayers, in support of H.R. 2315.    And with that I yield back.