    Mr. Smith. Subcommittee will come to order and good afternoon to everyone.    Over the past 20 years, much has changed in Vietnam. Some Vietnamese are a little richer, but universally recognized human rights remain elusive for most.    The Vietnamese Communist Party has opened up a bit to the outside world but remains closed to the idea of democracy and the rule of law. U.S.-Vietnamese relations have warmed because of Vietnam's fears of China's increasing economic power and its incursions into the South China Sea.    But human rights improvements have not come from so-called better relations. The administration has included Vietnam, a dictatorship, among several democracies in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, granted potentially lucrative trade benefits to Communist leaders.    Shockingly, during his recent trip, President Obama gave up the U.S. arms embargo. In other words, the U.S. is poised to provide lethal weapons to a brutal dictatorship that jails and tortures dissidents.    Where are the background checks, Mr. President, of those soldiers and secret police who will have access to sophisticated weapons?    Who will monitor the use or abuse of these lethal weapons? What is triggered if U.S.-supplied weapons are used to commit atrocities?    The reality is that the administration chose to reward one of Asia's most repressive regimes with the region's most worst human rights record without getting any tangible progress on freedoms and liberties.    We did hear the administration touting the bilateral labor consistency plan. It's signed as part of the TPP. But as the submitted testimony by Jackie Bong Wright states, as of today independent labor unions remain prohibited. Labor activists are in jail and labor organizers are severely beaten.    That the Vietnamese also detained and prevented civil society activists from meeting President Obama during his visit was not just an insult to the President, it is a bare-fisted demonstration of Vietnam's repressive government.    His visit was an epic failure of diplomacy. The President has said repeatedly that he wants to rise above history and heal wounds with America's old adversaries.    But that is not done by signing bad deals with dictators, giving them lethal weapons, and getting nothing in return.    This is shortsighted, misguided, and driven by an ideological agenda more than a clear assessment of long-term U.S. interests. The end result of the President's visit is that the American people now get to subsidize the lifestyles of Communist Party leaders and underwrite their repression of religious communities and rights advocates.    Vietnamese-Americans have asked this Congress and the last three administrations to prioritize human rights concerns with Hanoi.    But a small group of Vietnam ``experts'' in Washington veto these plans, holding on to the mistaken belief that trade, investment, and engagement will bring about political reform.    Trade, investment, and engagement failed to change Vietnam in 2001, the bilateral trade agreement failed to bring reforms in 2007 when Vietnam joined the WTO, and it will fail now.    Just look at China for what will happen when authoritarian governments get rich. They get the resources they need to expand censorship and repression, to grow their secret police and military capabilities and, above all, to stay in power.    The President said famously in his inaugural address that if authoritarian countries would unclench their fists the U.S. would extend an open hand.    But I see no tangible evidence that Vietnam, Cuba, or Iran, for that matter, have unclenched their fists. In fact, just the opposite is true.    The President seems more interested in photo opportunities with dictators than standing up for persecuted individuals who share our desire for freedom, democracy, and human rights.    This is not smart diplomacy. It is a surrender of U.S. interests and values. Sadly, the President's legacy will be the propping up of a Communist old guard when he should be standing with the new generation of freedom advocates in Vietnam.    We should stand with the oppressed, not with the oppressor. We must stand in solidarity with them. Over 100 prisoners of conscience remain detained in Vietnam, including human rights lawyer Nguyen Van Dai.    I met with Nguyen Van Dai in Hanoi in 2005 and his courageous wife, Vu Minh Khanh, testified at a subcommittee hearing several weeks ago in anticipation of the President's trip.    Why did the administration not demand the release of Vu's husband and all of these other prisoners and do so in public? To be strong and bold yet diplomatic?    Father Ly was released into house arrest a few months prior to his sentence ending, and this is not a human rights breakthrough. Father Ly went into prison healthy and vigorous but emerged sickly and broken.    I met him years ago when he was under house arrest another time after being released from a long incarceration. He is an amazing Catholic priest like so many of the leaders of the religious communities including the Venerable Thich Quang Do with whom I also met with and he continues to be under pagoda arrest.    I have met with a broad spectrum of Vietnam's rights advocates, religious leaders, and activists and I know there is a younger generation of Vietnam--66 percent of Vietnam is under the age of 40--that looks to U.S. leadership.    They want the United States to push for political reforms and universally-recognized human rights. They hunger for the type of liberty and a life they see enjoyed by their relatives in New Jersey, California, Virginia, Texas, Louisiana, and in many other parts of this country and around the world--places where the Vietnamese diaspora have migrated and have flourished and have been great citizens.    It is for this reason that I am asking and making another push to pass legislation that I have authored known as the Vietnam Human Rights Act. This bill has passed four times only to be blocked in the Senate--first time back in the year 2004.    The bipartisan Vietnam Human Rights Act will restore the right priorities to U.S. policy toward Vietnam and will limit U.S. non-humanitarian assistance that goes to Vietnam until there are concrete human rights protections.    The bill also says that Vietnam should be designated as a Country of Particular Concern (CPC) for its religious freedom violations. Just last week, I chaired a hearing, and Dan will remember it well.    We had the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom and the former Chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom and the Commission has made a very strong and consistent appeal to the IRF office to put Vietnam in that CPC category.    It had been taken off prematurely during an economic agreement in the false hope that there would be deliverables that never happened.    People who came forward including those who signed Bloc 8406, a wonderful human rights manifesto, found themselves targeted because they signed on and did so openly in the belief that somehow after the agreement with the United States there would be a new era. That era has not happened.    We all know that CPC designation worked when it was used by the Bush administration but, again, I believe that the Bush administration lifted it prematurely in anticipation of, but without, concrete changes made.    The Communist Party is not Vietnam's future. That future lies with the Nguyen Van Dais and many other advocates of political reform and human rights who seek our freedoms more than our trade.    U.S. policy must send the unmistakable message to the Government of Vietnam that human rights improvements are important to better relations critically linked to our mutual economic and security interests and will not be ignored nor will they be bargained away.    The President failed to send this message. It is up to the Congress and the next administration, although there are some months remaining in this one, to restore the right priorities to the U.S.-Vietnam relations.    I would like to now yield to my friend, Mr. Donovan, for any comments.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    I would like to now welcome our distinguished witnesses to the witness table, beginning first with Pastor Rmah Loan, who is a Montagnard pastor with Christian Missionary Alliance and later became chaplain of a Montagnard church that is affiliated with the Southern Evangelical Church of Vietnam. His church has 36,000 followers and the authorities often showcase it to foreign missions that visit central highlands. Pastor Loan was the head of his church only in title.    The government put in place an administrative committee to oversee all operations of the church. It made all decisions and Pastor Loan had no say whatsoever. Every statement of Pastor Loan must be vetted by this committee and preapproved by the proper security apparatus.    In June 2014, Pastor Loan and his wife came to the United States at the invitation of a local church but they have not returned under the threat of arrest.    We will then hear from Ms. Katie Duong, who is the overseas representative of the Popular Bloc of Cao Dai Religion, also a member of the Advisory Committee for Religious Freedom in Vietnam.    Until recently, her father, Mr. Duong Xuan Luong, a senior member of the Popular Bloc of Cao Dai, continued to lead it in Vietnam, facing increasing threats by local authorities who fled to Thailand early this year but has continued to lead and advocate for the Popular Bloc of Cao Dai Religion and has filed multiple reports on violations of freedom of religion to the U.N. Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief.    We will then hear from Dr. Nguyen Dinh Thang, who I have known for 25 years or more. Dr. Thang came to the United States as a refugee from Vietnam in 1979.    After earning his Ph.D. he began volunteering at Boat People SOS in 1988. Now serving as head of Boat People SOS, Dr. Thang has worked for the past 25 years to resettle 20,000 boat people to the U.S. after they were rescued from Vietnam and also has worked to rescue more than 4,000 victims of trafficking.    He has received numerous awards for his extensive work on human rights. He travels extensively to Asia and I would note parenthetically on the boat people it was Dr. Thang who alerted this subcommittee.    It resulted in four hearings including a closed briefing with the administration in the hopes that they would reform their efforts to send so many back who had been found to be real refugees. And as a direct result of his leadership, those 20,000 people came in under the ROVR program and had it not been for him that would not have happened.    So thank you. Those families are deeply appreciative as am I and this subcommittee for your leadership.    Then we welcome back again Mr. T. Kumar, who is Amnesty International's director for international advocacy. He has testified many times before the U.S. Congress on human rights abuses.    He has served as a human rights monitor in many Asian countries as well as Bosnia, Afghanistan, Guatemala, Sudan, and South Africa. He has also served as director of several refugee ships and camps. T. Kumar was a political prisoner himself for 5 years in Sri Lanka for his peaceful human rights activities.    Amnesty International adopted him as a prisoner of conscience and now he, on the leadership side, tried to help many others and to rescue many others from that cruel fate.    I would like to yield to Chairman Rohrabacher if he has any opening comments.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Chairman Rohrabacher.    Pastor Loan.    Pastor Loan. The Honorable Christopher Smith, distinguished Members of Congress, my name is Rmah Loan. I was born on February 12th, 1950. I have been a pastor for 44 years under the Southern Evangelist Church of Vietnam.    From 1967 to 1969, I assisted American special forces during the Vietnam War. Afterward, I went to biblical school in Ban Me Thuot to study theology.    I worked as a pastor in residence for 2 years until I was detained by the Communist force in 1975. I was imprisoned for 8 years.    I was in jail for 8 years because of my Christian belief and support for the United States Armed Forces. After my release from prison, I remained under house arrest until 1986.    In 1986, I was appointed by the Southern Evangelical Christians of Southern Vietnam to be in charge of the Evangelical Church in Budak village where I remained until 2014.    In 2014, I came to the United States for church-related business but then found out I could return to Vietnam in safety. Now I am asking this great nation to grant me asylum because if I return to Vietnam I will be imprisoned again, tortured, and even killed.    Today, I would like to tell you about my church in Budak, Thuan An, Dak Mil, Dak Nong Province. This church serves approximately 100,000 followers throughout Dak Nong Province that includes ethnic Bunong, Hmong, Giao, San Chi, Nung, Tay, and Kinh.    In 2007, Hanoi allowed the congregation to build the church in Budak. Even though we have a church, we do not have the freedom to practice our religion. The Vietnamese Government controls the executive committee that leads the church.    Any time we want to hold elections for the executive committee, we have to inform the subdistrict, district, and the Dak Nong Province police to request their permission.    The church must provide full names of our candidates for background checks. To be eligible, a candidate must not have been in service of the South Vietnam Government or a member of the FULRO, United Front for the Liberation of Oppressed Races, or any deemed to be opposed to the Hanoi Government.    On election day, the government authorities preside over the election process. The government authorities also attend and observe all ordination ceremonies.    When the church wants to celebrate holidays such as Christmas, Easter or for a wedding or a funeral service, the pastor must get prior permission from the authorities--the specific date, time, duration of the service, as well as the number of participants.    The pastor must provide the text of his sermon to the government 7 days before the service for prior approval. The government even controls the words that we can use in our sermon.    It is forbidden to use such words as devil because in Vietnamese ``ma quy'' can be flipped around to spell ``My qua'' meaning that Americans are coming back. For such absurd reasons, we may not mention devil in our sermon.    Similarly, we may not say that Christ is coming again because the authorities interpret that as meaning Americans will return to Vietnam.    The Vietnamese Government accused Protestantism to be an American religion, neither may we use the word freedom because the government believes that freedom refers to America, as in the Land of the Free.    The authorities also send their operatives to come and monitor our services. At the start of the service, the program leader must recognize and give thanks to the Communist Party and government officials first and then we can give thanks to the Lord, the guests and the church, in that order.    In 2014, my wife and I came to the United States at the invitation of a local church. As soon as we were in the country, we received notice from a fellow pastor in Vietnam advising me not to return because the authorities were investigating my children about our whereabouts.    The authorities suspect that I had disclosed to the world the death by torture of a Hmong member of my church. In 2013, Hoang Van Ngai, a faithful and dedicated deacon at our church, was detained and beaten to death.    The authorities ordered me to never mention this incident and threatened my life if I dare to defy their order. In 2014, news about Deacon Ngai's death by torture became known to the world.    The authorities suspect that I was the source of information. I was not. Regardless, if I return to Vietnam now, I will be detained, tortured and likely killed the same way they killed Deacon Hoang Van Ngai.    It has not been easy on me and my wife because our children are left in Vietnam. I am applying for asylum in the United States but it can take years for my fate to be decided.    America is the land that was founded in religious freedom. Just like the immigrants and refugees from hundreds of years ago, I have reached the shore of America, seeking safety and freedom.    I ask that you, as the leaders of the United States, to never forget that millions of people around the world are suffering every day all because of the god they believe in. I ask that you continue to protect them and also that you protect my wife and me so we do not have to face persecution in the hands of Vietnamese authorities.    We believe President Obama and leaders of the free world must have a road map for peace, freedom and democracy for Vietnam.    We must stand with one voice, one heart, and one task, working together to defend the rights of religious freedom for Montagnard Evangelical Christians and all Vietnamese citizens in Vietnam.    Thank you for the privilege to speak freely for the first time in 41 years. Thank you for remembering the Montagnard people and taking a stand for our survival. May God bless you and the United States of America.    May God bless you and the United States of America.    Thank you for the time to speak and my chance to be here in America. I want to stay here so I can save my life.    Mr. Smith. Pastor Loan, thank you for your very courageous and compelling testimony. It really is extremely helpful that the American public, this subcommittee, the Congress, hear what you just said as well as our other witnesses. So on behalf of all of us, thank you so very much.    I would like to now recognize Ms. Duong. Please present your testimony.    Mr. Smith. Ms. Duong, thank you very much for your testimony, for detailing in your written submission seven specific instances which give greater detail as to the pervasiveness of these actions--and these were instances in 2015--which, of course, continue to today.    And without objection, your full statement and that of all of our distinguished witnesses will be made a part of the record. But thank you for your witness.    Mr. Smith. Dr. Thang.    Mr. Smith. Dr. Thang, thank you so very much for your leadership and for your incisive comments today, which are very, very helpful. Thank you.    Mr. Kumar.    Mr. Smith. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Kumar, thank you again for your extraordinary candor. You, for years, no matter what the country that is being highlighted and focused upon, have always given such extremely valuable insights--unvarnished, no matter who is in the White House, Republican or Democrat, and I think that serves, obviously, the victims and the potential victims so extremely well.    And to break this pattern of complicity, in my opinion, that this administration has engaged in with dictatorships, you are right, we need to be still hoping maybe against hope that this administration will find its voice on human rights and stop the rhetorical flourish and be substantive.    I would just say that I have authored a number of laws on human rights, as you know. The international child abduction law--it is called the Goldman Act--the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act--that legislation has a report attached to it as well as other aspects to it.    Last year they got it wrong, famously wrong, about Japan and other nations. It was due on April 30th. That report is late. It will probably come as soon as we go into recess when everybody in the House and Senate are out of town. How cynical is that?    The Trafficking Victims Protection Act last year--I am the author of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act and the TIP Report that comes out annually was due at the beginning of the month if not earlier. That has not yet arrived.    Last year, 14 countries were erroneously placed or given passing grades when the TIP office itself thought those 14 countries should have been what we call Tier 3--as you know, egregious violators and gave out inflated grades--in other words, bending the rules, breaking the rules I would suggest--for political reasons and not human rights criteria.    The Reuters news organization did an incisive series of investigative reports that found that country after country, from Cuba to China to Oman--all these countries that should have gotten horrible grades got passing grades through this administration, contrary to what their own TIP office had said they should be given because it was done for political reasons.    So I find it abhorrent in the extreme that the President would go to Vietnam. There is an old saying--thanks, but no thanks. If I were a dissident in Vietnam, I would say, no thanks, Mr. President--please don't come, as well as the other phrase, more harm than good.    You pointed out, Dr. Thang, that many people were arrested and harassed before, then during, and I am sure after as well. These people have suffered beatings and torture, directly attributable to the President's visit.    That is unconscionable. The President should be on that phone. He should have said to the leadership in Vietnam even while there, if you do any more of this then I am out of here--I will make an international incident--I stand with the oppressed, and I said earlier, not with the oppressor and you need to stop it.    I know there are people from the Vietnamese Government in this room. I hope they convey that back to Hanoi. I find it appalling.    If you were in trouble we would be fighting for you, and many people who are in government one day find themselves on the wrong side of the dictatorship and other, and who do they come to? They often come to the democracies including and especially the United States.    A couple questions--I sensed a failure of the White House press corps and of the press corps generally to really rein in and focus on what was happening to the dissidents. There were a few stories--to me, it should have been the main story--that the President goes to Vietnam.    Dissidents, journalists, bloggers, and people fighting for environmental protections were rounded up and tortured. That should have been the story, and yet it seems not to have been.    Rabbi Saperstein testified last week before our subcommittee and I have a great deal of respect for him as the Ambassador-at-Large. But to think that he would meet with Mrs. Hong and she'd be beaten as well as others when he meets with them, that should have been the absolute red line that once crossed all bets were off.    There should be a rescission of the lifting of the arms embargo. The President should do that today. There is nothing precluding him from today saying that arms embargo lifting, it is not going to happen--I am reversing myself because of the egregious human rights abuses being committed.    So if you could maybe touch on the press corps side of it, what we ought to be doing further. We want to get the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act out of the Senate.    The Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, which had 118 cosponsors including my good friend and colleague Chairman Rohrabacher, passed overwhelmingly. It is sitting in the Senate. My hope is they take it up soon.    The Vietnam Human Rights Act--we are hoping our committee will take it up. I am talking about the full Committee on Foreign Affairs. Remember it passed four times.I21Even if it dies again in the Senate we will back again next year. We have to be as tenacious as the people who are suffering, giving of their blood and of their freedom. We could do no less. So we need to get that enacted as well as others.    Ms. Duong, you talked about how they are using visas denying the ability to travel. Under the International Religious Freedom Act, and Vietnam should have been yesterday, but certainly today, designated as a CPC and when I did press Rabbi Saperstein on that, the Ambassador-at-Large, last week, there are provisions in there to deny visas to those who commit crimes against religious believers and they are done in a targeted and a calibrated way.    Unfortunately, even under the Bush administration, there was one and that was against Modi, now the head of state for India. That tool needs to be used much more aggressively and it seems to me Vietnam should get that CPC designation and the visa ban needs to be imposed on people who hurt Cao Dai or Christians or anyone else.    So on those few questions, then I yield to my friend, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Chair Rohrabacher.    I did ask a few earlier questions and if you could come back to those and maybe add answers to them and this one would be to Mr. Kumar.    The U.N. Special Rapporteur on the freedom of religion or belief, Bielefeldt, has said--regarding Vietnam--that the rights of freedom of religion and belief of such communities are grossly violated--we are talking about independent religious belief communities--in the face of constant surveillance, intimidation, harassment and persecution and, of course, Pastor Loan's church at least has some recognition and yet he has had such terrible experiences.    What possibly might the Special Rapporteur do? Secondly, in your testimony you talk about the U.N. Convention Against Torture, entered into force in February, and you also pointed out that the We Are One campaign launched and in March a letter went to the U.N. Human Rights Council, so another bite of the apple, if you will, of trying to get the U.N. further engaged on human rights there.    There were many signers, 27 local civil society organizations and 122 organizations. Is that bearing any fruit at the U.N. in terms of their reaction to these terrible abuses?    Mr. Smith. If the United States leads and leads with transparency and strength and really speaks truth to power and not only affects the dictatorships of the world including the one that's being focused on but also, I would think, the other democracies who might take their lead from that.    But as you said, if we lower that bar so low, it is, like, everyone just doesn't care or cares a lot less than they would have and the dictatorships like China, North Korea, Iran, and Cuba, look at that and say, they have abandoned human rights--it is all talk--it is all rhetoric.    And I am wondering, when Raul Castro said to the President or said in that meeting, give me the list of prisoners and I will release them, he should have said, here is the list.    He was sitting right there. The State Department has a list. We have a list. We have made a trip down to the Embassy of Cuba several weeks ago trying to get a visa. I want to go. I want to give a list to Raul Castro.    I was told by the Ambassador here in Washington to the United States from Cuba that there are certain parameters that would have to be followed about who I could meet with in terms of the dissident community. And I said do other congressional delegations do that and he said yes.    So they are all pre-screened. Only certain people can be spoken with, or to, in an orchestration of a Potemkin village and they come back glowing about how great things are in Cuba. Well, we see this happening again and again. So that whole idea of human rights leadership--if you would like to answer that.    Let me also ask you, Pastor Loan, you talked about Deacon Ngai being beaten to death. You might give us some additional details about that.    I know it is very painful. But just so we know what happened in that incident, you know, so we have it fully on the record in terms of that brutality. But maybe you could start, Dr. Thang, first.    Pastor Loan. Deacon Hoang Van Ngai was peaceful. He was a deacon and one day he went to his farm and they went to his farm and get them--beat them there and brought them to their office, their jail, and just tortured him and beat him to death.    After that the girl--the authority did not let anybody see the body of the deacon and said that he died not because of torture but because he wanted to kill himself, that Deacon Ngai wanted to kill himself and did something to himself. That is why he died. It's not them.    And they told me not to say a word about it and threatened my life if I did say something against them that testified that they were the one that beat Deacon Ngai to death and tortured him.    Mr. Smith. With regards to CPC designation Ambassador Saperstein made very clear and they have always had this authority that such a designation can be made at any time.    It doesn't have to wait for an annual report. When the information on the ground merits it a designation, either improvement or a downgrade--in other words, a CPC designation, can be made.    My question would be in your view should Vietnam receive such a designation, especially in light of Ambassador Saperstein's visit and Mrs. Hong's brutal beating, simply for meeting with the Ambassador-at-Large for international religious freedom.    If that isn't an outrage that is like a tip of the iceberg for all the rest of the cruelty meted out by the Vietnamese I don't know what is.    But your thoughts on that?    Mr. Smith. I will just conclude. Pastor Loan, when you talked about and testified about how the government controls the words that can be used it reminds me of--there was a National Geographic documentary about this eye doctor who went to Pyongyang and was actually helping people with cataracts and other eye problems and many went from being almost blind to being able to see.    Kim Jong Il was the dictator then and his picture was in this mass meeting room where everybody gathered to thank the doctor, and the thanks to the doctor was slim to almost none and their praise and worship of the dictator just eclipsed all else.    It was the government--the cult of personality--and obviously when you have an insecurity on the part of a government like Vietnam where they have to have the thank yous first to them, then to God and anyone else, and all the other wordsmithing that they impose upon even those that are recognized churches it just shows a gross insecurity on the part of that government.    A psychiatrist could have a field day with that, it would seem to me. Dr. Thang, did you want to comment on it?    Mr. Smith. Before I ask you if you have anything final you would like to say, I would like to recognize in the audience two very distinguished persons.    First, Joseph Rees, Ambassador Rees, our first Ambassador to East Timor, or Timor-Leste, who also served many years ago as chief of staff and chief counsel for the International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee.    In fact, when we were doing many of the initiatives to try to rescue those people who were going to be sent back during the Comprehensive Plan of Action, working with Dr. Thang, Joseph played a pivotal role in ensuring that those 20,000-plus people came here as well as other things.    Also, Anh ``Joseph'' Cao is here as well, a former Congressman and good friend, first Vietnamese-American Congressman, and was a great leader when he was here. We miss him, but it is great to see him and I know he works alongside Boat People SOS as well.    Would any of you like to say anything before we conclude?    Pastor Loan. I know for sure if I return back to Vietnam there will be punishment for me for sure. So I would like to ask to stay here.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Pastor Loan. Would you help me get that? Thank you for your time.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. The hearing is adjourned, and I thank you again.