    Mr. Flores. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also want to thank the panel, particularly for your positive comments regarding the benefits of having children vaccinated for measles. I have an extended family member who has not done that for her children yet, and it just baffles me why she can't do that. And so I hope she is hearing this today, that she heard your comments, and that she will do so.    I want to talk about the weakness in the strain selection process, and talk about the opportunities to mitigate that weakness. And I want to focus my questions to you, Dr. Robinson, because BARDA is a tool, I think, that we have to do this.    And so my first question is this. Is BARDA funding any projects or initiatives to develop two things: one, better testing technologies, or two, better approaches for making the vaccine candidates?    Mr. Flores. Right.    Mr. Flores. OK.    Mr. Flores. And in terms of looking at BARDA's priorities, where would you say that getting these better technologies for the strain selection process is in your sort of list of all the things you have to do on your wish list?    Mr. Flores. Is it in the top third, or the middle, or the bottom, or----    Mr. Flores. OK.    Mr. Flores. Great. Sounds like we should keep it there, from what I am hearing today.    The third question is how can we expedite the development and deployment of better technologies, say, use of genetic sequencing, to detect virus change, which you have talked about, to ensure that the U.S. has a vaccine that can be matched to a drifted H3N2 strain?    Mr. Flores. OK.    Mr. Flores. Um-hum.    Mr. Flores. OK. And then the last question I have: I have always been fascinated with the initiatives to try to develop the universal flu vaccine, and I appreciate what Dr. Fauci talked about today, and educating the committee and subcommittee on how to do that.    What role does BARDA play in the development, deployment and stockpiling of a universal flu vaccine?    Mr. Flores. OK. Thank you for your responses. As you know, this is important to me because you have a facility in my district that I think is doing some great work.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.