    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And for the group here, I don't know whether you know or not, but I've sponsored a bill called the Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act. And we're in the process of--hopefully I'm meeting with Scott Stump in just a little while this week--I think sometime this week--to talk about how we raise funds for that. But we wanted to do that while it was still on everyone's mind and people forgot about it.    I think the question that I have, and as a scientist, and it makes a difficult when you don't know the etiology of a disease, it's very difficult. You end up treating symptoms. And they may vary. And I found that one of the great things that used to really bother me when I was in practice was, if we didn't know what was wrong with you, we either said it was a virus or you were nervous. I mean, that's basically what you're doing. And I hope we're not doing that here. I don't think so. I think good, honest people looked at the data. I think it's very, very hard to assimilate this.    And the question I have for anybody on the panel, have you looked at the oil workers who put the fires out? Have we looked at the cohorts there in Kuwait? Right now, there are people that still live in Kuwait that were there. Did they have these symptoms? Is there--are there--when we looked at the cohort who were in the service but weren't deployed versus the ones who did--now, I think the Institute of Medicine did that. I think that's the cohort they looked at. You have a built-in group of people right there in Kuwait who were there during the war in Iraq. And has anyone who served in the current conflict in Iraq, now that it's been--we've been out of there for a while, have they had any symptoms? A lot of questions.    Mr. Roe. Well, I was going to say, because I know probably the Chairman, when you're in the military, sometimes you don't know where you are. I know that I have been deployed in places I didn't know where I was. And I've--as a matter of fact, I've asked that question. Where are we? I mean, so are you able to pinpoint--that's a great point you made. Can you do a sort of a spotogram where these folks were? Because you're right: being deployed a hundred miles up here might not be the same as being deployed next to a chemical burn.    Mr. Roe. No question that's true.    Mr. Roe. At least that's where they think they were supposed to be.    Mr. Roe. You get--when you get shot at, you're not necessarily where you're supposed to be. You move from that place.    So I guess what I'm--the last question--my time's about expired. But, again, I thank all of you because this is one of the most difficult epidemiologic issues I've ever looked at. Because, again, in--like in Ebola, we knew what caused Ebola. In other diseases like that, where there's a single agent, you can--we know what a--how that goes. We know exactly what an epidemic is going to do. We followed them for centuries. We know what they're going to do. This is much more difficult because you haven't identified a single agent or multiple agents. Or maybe there were one agent here and somebody else is over here so--and did the treatment contribute to it? I mean, did giving the soldier something to prevent it do anything? So I admire you for trying this. This is one of the most different epidemiologic studies I've ever seen.    So I yield back.