    Mr. Garrett. I thank the chairman for holding this very important hearing. The ranking member started out by saying the crisis of 2008 was not a natural disaster, and I agree that it was inflicted--as a matter of fact, the ranking member of the Capital Markets Subcommittee said it was self-inflicted, which I tend to agree with as well. But who was doing the infliction, is the question.    Mr. Silvers, you indicate that there was a failure of regulation and failure by the regulators. And I would agree with that. But you also said that they did not have the authority to prevent the crisis. That is factually incorrect based upon the multiple hearings that we had in this room.    Seven years ago, after 2008, Chairman Barney Frank at the time had multiple hearings, brought in the regulators at the time and I and others specifically asked each and every regulator, ``Knowing now what happened, did you have the authority in your area?'' They all said, ``Yes, we did.''    ``Did you actually have personnel stationed in the banks that failed?'' ``Yes, we did.'' So they had people, staff members working in these very banks that failed, that involved themselves in these risky trades and what have you, but they had the authority, at least they testified it to us repeatedly at that time.    Now, back to that period of time, my predecessor as chairman at that time was Paul Kanjorski, a Democrat from Pennsylvania. He said what we really needed was to--and he said this many times--have greater market discipline.    I don't know, I see some nodding heads by the panel here that that would have been a good thing then, and I see nodding heads that it would probably be a good thing now. The question is, how do you go about getting that?    Let's see, do you get more market discipline by increased regulation? Again, Mr. Silvers, you told us in your testimony just now that the regulators are still not doing their jobs. I will just throw a question out. Mr. Atkins, which Administration appointed the current SEC Chair?    Mr. Garrett. Which Administration appointed the current Federal Reserve Chair?    Mr. Garrett. Which Administration appointed the head of the CFTC currently?    Mr. Garrett. And how about the CFPB?    Mr. Garrett. So if Mr. Silvers is correct that the current regulators are not doing their job, which Administration is responsible for appointing all of those regulators?    Mr. Garrett. Oh, okay. So the solution then perhaps is not looking to this Administration for additional regulation or additional regulators; of course, as Mr. Silvers pointed out, they are not doing their jobs still.    And if Mr. Kanjorski is correct that additional market discipline is the answer--I will throw this out to Mr. Atkins--additional regulations, is that the solution or is it additional market discipline?    Mr. Garrett. Okay.    Mr. Garrett. That is true because the ranking member also started out her testimony by saying, ``It was death by a thousand cuts'' what is happening now, she is asserting. Would you suggest that the reason we have the doldrums in the economy and the fact that we are in a morass as far as job creation and the rest is actually death by thousands of pages of regulation?    Mr. Garrett. And does anyone--I will throw this out to the panel as well, does anyone actually know the total cost of all these regulations based upon the testimony that we have heard in this hearing previously?    And does anyone actually know the implications of the overlap capital requirements of these regulations? I will throw out to Mr. Calabria or Mr. Atkins, I guess.    Mr. Garrett. Right. We had hearings on this. We asked the head of the Fed. We asked the head of the Treasury Department, do they actually know the cost? And Secretary Lew's response was, ``No.'' And he said it was our job to figure that out.    But I will close on this in 29 seconds. Mr. Atkins then, since even the people, the regulators whom we are told are not doing their jobs, and even though they tell us they can't compile the total cost to the economy of Dodd-Frank, are you able to make an assessment of whether it is a positive or a negative impact?    Mr. Garrett. And it is a negative impact on liquidity, credit availability, and job creation?    Mr. Garrett. I yield back.