    Dr. Murdock. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much, Ranking Member Cooper. It is a great opportunity to come here and talk about the Project Atom study.    It was designed as a sort of blue-sky look into the future without constraints, policy constraints or strategy constraints, as to what kind of nuclear needs, what kind of strategy the United States should follow in the 2025 to 2050 timeframe.    So as I said before, this was unconstrained either by current strategy, by which I mean reducing the role of nuclear weapons, as an example, or by current policy, which is no new nuclear capabilities, no new nuclear weapons.    So we are out into the 2025 and beyond timeframe. The approach we took was a competitive strategies approach. This was funded by Smith Richardson in part because we took the competitive strategies approach to it. So I went out and recruited three independent think tank teams to participate in this.    The first was headed by Keith Payne from the National Institute for Public Policy, Bridge Colby from the Center for a New American Security, and Barry Blechman from the Stimson Center. And each of them formed a small, analytic team that operated throughout and attended the working group, members, and then presented their views, defended their views.    And then once that process was complete, then I stepped back and wrote what I thought was the right approach to take towards a nuclear strategy and its postured needs. And then I defended that in another working group meeting consisting of outside experts and the members of the various independent study think tank teams.    So the approach was one of develop a common analytic framework, think through what are the requirements of that security environment, what kind of adversary strategies would be followed, what kind of technological possibilities would be open in the nuclear realm in the 2025 to 2050 timeframe, and then each of us took a separate look at what should be our strategy.    My dynamic that I thought was most important were the dynamics that flowed essentially from U.S. conventional superiority. That is, in a world in which nations are seeking to deal and cope with a conventionally superior adversary, namely the United States in this case, would increase their reliance upon nuclear weapons as a way to deter us.    And essentially, our conventional superiority, in a sense, lowers the nuclear threshold because it increases the incentives for other nations to resort to nuclear weapons as a way of trying to prevent our intervening in, say, regional adventurism that they might be following.    So my belief is, is that in order to counter other nations' potential interest in using nuclear weapons early in a conflict is that we need to develop a set of robust, discriminate nuclear options in order to be able to respond both proportionally and in kind to any possible use of a nuclear weapon against the United States and its allies.    I am concerned about the fact that we have a force structure largely and a posture largely determined by Cold War needs. The warheads are larger, many of them are less discriminate, many of them carry high collateral damage. And if confronted with the situation where an adversary used a special-effects, low-collateral weapon, nuclear weapon, against the United States or one of its allies, that we may be self-deterred from responding because we do not have a discriminate or a proportional or an in-kind response that is suitable to that use of a nuclear weapon.    So one stress is on what kind of nuclear response options we have. We need to be able to deny the attractiveness of nuclear escalation to our potential adversaries. So we need a new set of capabilities in that area.    Another area that I think is particularly important is to look at the requirements for extended deterrence. During the Cold War, the United States coupled its security to the security of our allies, both in the European theater and the Pacific theater.    We tend to forget that during the height of the Cold War the United States had forward deployed 7,000 nuclear weapons in Europe during that time, so that when the Soviets looked at what would happen if they engaged in major conventional aggression, because we perceived, correctly so, that our conventional forces were inferior to the Warsaw Pact forces, they knew that a conflict would go nuclear because there were 7,000 nuclear weapons there.    We also had a thousand nuclear weapons deployed on the Korean Peninsula because we wanted to protect the security of South Korea, and they wanted those nuclear weapons there because they knew that the presence of nuclear weapons on their territory would be credible in terms of potential adversaries.    So I think another aspect of our force structure as we move forward, our nuclear force structure as we move forward, is the need to have rapidly deployable and rapidly deployed nuclear weapons that can be either deployed forward during peacetime or can be rapidly moved forward during a moment of crisis in order to provide the nuclear umbrella that we are talking about.    So with those two comments, I will let the other think tanks speak for themselves and pass the floor to Dr. Payne.    Dr. Murdock. Thank you for the question. I have described myself as a long-range planner. It is one of the reasons why we put the horizon for Project Atom out to 2025 to 2050 because we have to think about systems that will take 10 to 15 years to develop, systems that will have lifetimes of 35 to 50 years. So you have to think in terms of a longer-range perspective.    As I look into the deeper future, the longer-range future, I think that the risks of proliferation are higher. We are already dealing with potential near-term risks of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East, but there are similar pressures in other regions of the world. And in a more highly proliferated world, I think we have to develop the kind of capabilities that can deter the kinds of nuclear employments that our adversaries may make against us.    It means, in my mind, that we have to develop discriminate, low-yield, variable-yield, special-effects weapons so that we can respond in kind and respond proportionally to any potential use of a nuclear weapon against the United States or its allies. I think that this emphasis upon being able to respond proportionally and in kind is critical for deterrence during this time.    As I said before in my statement, I worry about the prospect that if we are confronted with a limited nuclear use against us, that because of the character of our weapons, that we may be self-deterred from responding in kind because we would have to go too high up the escalatory ladder, use too large a yield bomb or missile or warhead, and it is important that we develop the robust set of options so that a President can respond proportionally and in kind to any use of a nuclear weapon against us.    This is not saying that we have to go out and seek superiority. Right now we are in a position of inferiority when it comes to nonstrategic nuclear forces, otherwise known as tactical nuclear weapons. The Russians have somewhere between 2,000 and 4,000. I am sometimes not sure they even know how many they have. We have forward deployed approximately a couple of hundred, and very small inventories back here in the United States.    So my feeling is that we do not have to address this quantitative superiority that the Russians have maintained in this class of systems, but I do believe we have to develop a range of options so that we can respond discriminately to any potential use of those tactical nuclear weapons by the Russians.    Dr. Murdock. That is an interesting question, sir. What I was trying to do was to get what I refer to as think tanks that were representative across sort of the broad middle of the spectrum of opinion. There are many people in this town who are more conservative than Keith Payne. There are many people in this town who are more liberal than Barry Blechman.    But I do know that first of all the two of them can be in the same room and talk to each other. That is not true of people that are further divided on the spectrum of opinion. And since I am holding a lot of working group meetings, I want to make sure that people can come in and talk to each other.    So what I was looking to do was to bound the range of opinion to what I would say was the reasonable left and the reasonable right, although people may disagree in that kind of characterization, they may even themselves disagree on that characterization, and then find somebody who was a bit more centrist.    I probably should have done a little bit more research on this because Bridge, who I did want to include because he is a member of the next generation of thinkers that are coming up and I do a lot of work on that level as well, that Bridge was probably a bit closer to where Keith was than he was to where Barry was. That is true.    And it turned out that both of them were closer to--that I was closer to where both of them were than I was to Barry.    But there are clearly--we bounded the middle of the spectrum of opinion with Keith Payne, that I did, with Keith Payne and Barry Blechman, that did not go further out onto the margins.    Dr. Murdock. I think it depends entirely, from my perspective, it depends a great deal on what we know about what the Russians are developing. We know that the Russians are doing experimentation in the very lower end of the nuclear yield.    I personally believe that the deterrent impact of a nuclear weapon partially resides in its ability, you know, in terms of how much damage it can effect, the blast heat, the fragmentation that is associated with any weapon, but it is also a nuclear weapon. It has a radioactive signal. It indicates a willingness to break a threshold.    Barry referred to the nuclear taboo that has essentially been in existence since Hiroshima and Nagasaki, so that there are those who believe that we can have a complete continuum from conventional to nuclear.    I am happy to have a break between conventional weapons and nuclear weapons. Perhaps the Russians have developed a system that is somewhat larger than our largest conventional bomb and somewhat smaller than our smallest nuclear weapon. If that is the case and they feel that by using it under certain circumstances that they can go nuclear without threatening our spectrum of responses, that is something I want to be able to respond to in kind.    So my belief is, is you design, you know--it is our adversaries, because of our conventional superiority, who are increasing their reliance upon nuclear weapons, who have been experimenting and developing nuclear capabilities that are more varied than ours. And I think that that is the principal driver of what kind of capabilities we need to have.    Dr. Murdock. Well, it is a little bit like angels dancing on the head of a pin. When you are talking about a life extension program where you replace many, many elements, the conventional elements that are part of the warhead, at what point do you have a new weapon?    Well, if it is still the physics package, the nuclear portion of it is still within the range of what existed there, you know, people say, well, it is not a new weapon.    I mean, my belief is is that when we are going into an environment where there is an increased risk of our potential adversaries breaking the nuclear threshold, I want a new weapon. I could say, well, we can adapt this particular weapon we have so it comes pretty close to it.    I want to be able to convince our adversary we have already thought about what you want to do, we are developing new weapons to counter that, we are going to ensure that those weapons work to our stockpile stewardship system, and we are going to train with them and exercise with them so that it will be credible and our adversaries believe that if they use a nuclear weapon we will use one in response.    You don't do that by just saying it. I believe you have to do it by fielding the appropriate weapons, by practicing with them, by training with them so that our adversaries will understand if you go nuclear we are prepared to deal with that, too.    Dr. Murdock. I am not familiar enough with the classified details of how variable our variable yields are. There are a number of ideas that are out there. For example, when you talk about a primary-only weapon where they use just the fissionable aspect of it and not the thermonuclear one, they have suggested that that is a way of varying the yield of some of the largest warheads that we have on ballistic missile defenses during that time.    My belief is, is that when deterrence, when you are talking about deterring adversaries who are thinking about using nuclear weapons to deter you, you want to think about, well, what are the kind of capabilities I need to deter that?    And a new weapon indicates to the adversary that we are serious about this, that we are designing a weapon to counter his potential use of a nuclear weapon against us.    I personally don't have an allergy against new nuclear weapons. So there is a reason why, as I look to the future of the kind of capabilities we need, I think of the prescription of no new weapons and no new nuclear capabilities as a self-defeating one.    And so from a perspective of developing a deterrent that works, I don't think we should be bound by those kind of rules.    Dr. Murdock. No.    Dr. Murdock. My belief is that each of the agreements that we have reached with the Russians are separate agreements and that we should abide by an agreement that we have reached with them on New START unless there is clear evidence that they are not abiding by that same agreement on New START.    My belief is, is that I think there is pretty clear evidence that they have cheated on the INF Treaty, and I think that we have to think through how to respond to that in a way that is in the field of INF, and responds directly and proportionally, in some way, to the violation of that treaty.    It is not something that we should ignore, nor that we should deny that it existed.    I think we have to respond to it, but I would not respond to it by violating New START because, in part, that takes the onus off the Russians for violating arms control agreements that they have agreed to.    Dr. Murdock. I think you asked the question of me. Mr. Colby spoke first.    Dr. Murdock. That is all right. I fully agree----    Dr. Murdock. I fully agree and support the statements that Mr. Colby made at that time. I think the particular aspect is that it is a hedge against the failure of stealth. The B-52 has been our most reliable bomber platform for decades. It requires, it depends upon standoff weapons to survive, both conventionally and in nuclear mode.    And to me, to give up the flexibility, as Keith Payne would refer to, of having a standoff missile, a standoff penetrating missile, it is easier to penetrate with a missile than it is with an aircraft during that time, plus they are a lot cheaper when you are talking about the number of missiles you need versus the number of platforms you might need to penetrate with, that it is affordable.    And as Keith also pointed out, the CSBA study makes it clear, 30-, 35-year projection of $1.1 trillion sounds like a lot. Well, military capability is expensive. It costs, you know a billion dollars a year just simply to operate a carrier and that is not even talking about buying it, just to operate a carrier. So these capabilities are very expensive.    But the issue, as the CSBA report points out, is, what is the priority of this? Can we afford to spend 5 percent of the U.S. defense budget on anything? Of course, we can. The question is, is that 5 percent more important than other competing priorities? And I would argue, when you are talking about a foundational capability like our deterrent, which is the bedrock of national power, we can afford that.    Dr. Murdock. The purpose of the chart was to show the relative destructive power of nuclear and conventional warheads largely on the nuclear side. But I included the largest conventional weapon in there so that the reader would recognize that the range is very great among nuclear weapons, but there is also quite a significant gap between nuclear weapons and the largest of conventional weapons.    Dr. Murdock. In my mind, they are not substitutable. Politically, they are really not substitutable, but just even in the conventional fragmentation they are not.    Dr. Murdock. Well, the computer model that you refer to, a science-based stockpile stewardship program, it has actually greatly enhanced our understanding of how nuclear weapons actually function.    And while there was a considerable amount of controversy at the outset of that program, there is very little controversy now that in the scientific community when it comes to our ability to certify whether nuclear weapons will work.    There is a question in terms of my bias, my recommendation for developing new capabilities and new weapons with those that you will be departing from the experiential record of previous nuclear weapons and that will raise a question, again, the issue of, do you need to test a weapon in order to be sure that it works?    Nuclear weapons have been employed twice; one of them had been tested before and one of them had not, and they both worked. Now we are in an age of considerably greater sophistication than the first two nuclear weapons and so I think as we go into the 2025 and beyond, the issue of developing and having confidence in the reliability of nuclear weapons that you develop to deal with new security challenges would make, in my mind, ratifying the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty now unwise.