    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Chair Comstock and Ranking Member Lipinski.    This has been a very interesting discussion, and I have to say that it really highlights the issues of--two issues of importance: access to healthcare and protection of personal privacy. I spent part of this morning in a hearing in the Education Committee about privacy regarding student records, and I said then and will say again that whenever we are talking about legislating in the area of technology, it is always a challenge to find the right balance because, as we all know, the technology advances usually a lot quicker than the legislation so we want to make sure that we are finding the balance that protects people's privacy but does not inhibit valid, useful purposes for technology and advances in technology.    So I really do look forward to hearing from CMS and hearing their answers. I know we have had some hearings on this issue before but highlighting from them. As Ranking Member Beyer said, it would have been best to have them answer questions first and then we could follow up on what they said.    But, you know, I want to say that we all acknowledge that there are legitimate problems with HealthCare.gov. Certainly in my State of Oregon we did not do a good job at all with that. But it is also important to remember that the Affordable Care Act is about more than a website; it is about access to healthcare for millions of Americans.    I want to make sure that we don't, in this hearing and other hearings in the future, spread any sort of unfounded fear or misinformation when really our constituents are looking for clarity. So I hope we can help inform them about ways that they can protect their privacy online and specifically keep their personal information safe.    And I want to ask you, Ms. De Mooy, and follow up on the conversation you were having with Mr. Posey, that you say in your testimony that consumers from disadvantaged communities face more potential harm such as being profiled in databanks. So given the importance of the Affordable Care Act to disadvantaged communities that have historically lacked access to affordable healthcare, how can HealthCare.gov do a better job of serving those consumers while also protecting their privacy?    Ms. Bonamici. Right. And I look forward to following up on that when the Administration is here.    So we talked a lot about the personally identifiable information, or the PII, and I am just intrigued by this whole discussion because, you know, we--Mr. Posey was talking about Zappos and shopping online and how he gets those ads, and not to minimize the issue, but say, for example, someone is searching for a cure for morning sickness or newborn clothes, might someone figure out that perhaps they were pregnant? Or what if they shopped for some sort of product to quit smoking? My point is that there are a lot of ways that I guess these third party companies can figure out those personal--personally identifiable issues.    So just to confirm, has any personally identifiable information been gathered through HealthCare.gov--been used improperly?    Ms. Bonamici. Oh, I was----    Ms. Bonamici. Sorry you reminded me about that, though. I am still recovering.    Ms. Bonamici. Yeah, and I understand that they did an end-to-end security review in December and they are currently reviewing that, so we will make sure that we ask about that when----    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And I do want to try to squeeze a question in----    Ms. Bonamici. --in the last couple seconds about human factors, research, and I know that--I mean, Ms. De Mooy, you talked about how people just tend to click without reading policies. They are given to following what is convenient, don't understand the fine print or the options, so is there some research that we can do or that can be done that will help inform consumers so that they can better protect their privacy and defend against cybersecurity threats? Is there certain kinds of research that we need to help our consumers and constituents?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you so much, and my time has expired. I yield back.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. And now I recognize Mr. Palmer for five minutes.