    Chairman Garrett. Greetings. Good morning. I apologize for being late.    This hearing of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises is hereby called to order. Today's hearing is entitled, ``Legislative Proposals to Modernize Business Development Companies--also called BDCs--and Expand Investment Opportunities.''    Without objection, the Chair has the authority to recess the subcommittee at any time.    Before we go to our panel, we will have opening statements. And I yield myself 2\1/2\ minutes.    Again, good morning, and I apologize for being a few minutes late. Today's hearing will continue our important work on considering legislative proposals that would modernize our Nation's securities laws in order to do what? To foster greater economic activity.    One of these proposals is a discussion draft that is being circulated right now by the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney. And what would it do? It would modernize the regulation of BDCs, business development companies.    And what are BDCs? Well, BDCs are closed-end investment funds that have a statutory mandate to invest much of their capital in small and medium-sized businesses. As new regulations cause banks and other lenders to pull back from the small and midsized lending market--and we have heard that in other hearings--BDCs have played an increasingly important role in our economy and in that space.    While it has been 35 years since their creation, the regulatory regime for BDCs has not been meaningfully updated during that time. Mr. Mulvaney's bill, which includes several provisions that this committee has previously considered, would do a couple of things. It would enhance the ability of BDCs to deploy capital, and therefore create jobs and opportunities, as well, for literally thousands of businesses, and therefore also their employees.    Now, aside from that bill, we have a second bill. The second bill we will consider toady is H.R. 2127, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. And that was introduced by the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert.    What would Mr. Schweikert's bill do? It would amend the definition of who qualifies as an accredited investor under the securities laws, and is therefore eligible to invest in certain private offerings.    And while the Dodd-Frank Act directed the SEC to review the current income and asset-based definition of what an accredited investor is, there is still substantial concern that the SEC could ultimately take action that would limit the number of Americans eligible to invest in private offerings, a market that right now has actually grown to over $1 trillion in recent years.    You see, investing in private companies should not be a privilege reserved only for the super wealthy. And so, Mr. Schweikert's bill would allow more Americans to have the opportunities to secure their financial future.    Taken together, these two commonsense bills would expand upon the previous work of the subcommittee in this very important area. And so again, I thank the two sponsors of the legislation, as well as the witnesses for the hearing today.    And with that, my time has expired. I yield to the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentlelady yields back. And I thank the gentlelady for her comments.    At this point, we will turn to our panel. Again, I thank the panel for being with us today. And I see some familiar faces. For those other-than-familiar faces, let me just remind you that you will be recognized for 5 minutes. I think there is a button there in front of you to tell you the time to start, and also an indicator in front of you of some sort that will go down to 1 minute on the timing for that.    We are in a new room now, so we will see just how well the microphones are working. I used to always have to ask the people to pull the microphone close to you when you speak. But we will see how that works here now.    And finally, you will be recognized for 5 minutes, but of course you have already submitted your testimony, and that will be made a part of the record. So now we just yield to you for 5 minutes to summarize your testimony.    Mr. Arougheti, welcome to the panel. And we look forward to your testimony. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. If it is part of your written testimony, it will be a part of the record.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    From Main Street Capital, Mr. Foster?    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    And later on we will hear from the gentleman from Maine about whether he has any comments about the less use of paper products being produced. But we will wait for his comments later.    Next, from Franklin Square Capital Partners, Mr. Gerber is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Now from the Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, Mr. Quaadman, welcome back to the panel. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Finally, last but not least, Professor Brown. You are recognized for--    Chairman Garrett. There you go.    Chairman Garrett. I appreciate your comments.    I thank the panel. And at this point, I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions, and I will go in reverse order.    And again, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his work on the accredited investors change of definition. I guess our one takeaway from Professor Brown is that lawyers are not sophisticated. Will we have consensus on that from everybody on the panel that lawyers are not sophisticated? Okay.    So, moving on from that degree of consensus, on the issue of accredited investors, isn't it somewhat an issue of fairness too, as far as having drawn a distinction in class as to who is allowed to have the opportunity to these investors versus which class of people in the country don't have the opportunity?    What I was thinking as I heard the professor talk was that those people that you were defining, the retiree or what have you, currently probably don't fit into that definition of accredited investor. But they have the opportunity to do all sorts of other investments with their money.    Mr. Foster showed the disparity between BDCs and public companies. And those public companies are available on all the exchanges and what have you.    And the unsophisticated investor can be making life-changing investments in all of those. Of course in most of those investments, you don't necessarily see the rate of return that you sometimes see in a BDC. I see some nods on that.    So is this--maybe I will throw it out to Mr. Gerber. Is this an issue of degree of fairness as far so this distinction that will be allowing those who should be able to have the opportunity to get into these investments who currently are precluded simply by law?    Chairman Garrett. I should probably not have thrown that to Mr. Gerber.    Chairman Garrett. So let me throw it over to Mr. Quaadman as far as the rest of the investment field.    Chairman Garrett. Let me stop you there and go back to Mr. Gerber then because he was saying that these are not--which is correct. It was with regard to accredited investors in BDCs.    Satisfy for me then that there is enough transparency, information, and the like for that class of non-accredited or non-sophisticated in that realm.    Chairman Garrett. So who is it when you are trading in these and--where has that information actually gotten to? In other words, where the investment is certainly done through your broker or what have you, in the securities in the street name, is that actually getting back to me as the nominal investor in that situation?    Chairman Garrett. So what about--and I will throw this to anybody else to talk about the BDCs. What about what is in Mr. Mulvaney's bill as far as changing the leverage ratio--the ratio? As far as getting sufficient transparency there back to the actual investor who may not actually be in the--may not actually be the street name investor? Anyone who wants to chime in on that?    Chairman Garrett. Right.    Chairman Garrett. Okay. Great. Thanks. I appreciate that.    I have some other questions with regard to the testing requirements, but I will throw it to the gentlelady from New York.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from California?    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time--    Chairman Garrett. Mr. Huizenga is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Mr. Hinojosa is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. You can finish.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert, the author of the legislation before us today, is now recognized.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back. I am looking forward to more brilliance from Arizona on the legislation then.    We now go to Connecticut. And Mr. Himes is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Chairman Garrett. Mr. Poliquin is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Carney is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. Thank you, gentlemen.    It looks like our last two questioners are Mr. Hultgren and then Mr. Mulvaney. And then we vote, I think.    Chairman Garrett. But not on your bill. You looked as if we are ready to vote on your bill, but no, on the Floor.    Chairman Garrett. That is kind of a normal look.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. And to have the last word, Mr. Mulvaney, the sponsor of the underlying legislation.    Chairman Garrett. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. And welcome to the subcommittee.    So I said that was going to be the last word, but, no, I am not going to say the last word. I am going to give the last word to the gentlelady from New York.    Chairman Garrett. Without objection, is is so ordered. And again, thank you to the witnesses.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And with that, this hearing is adjourned. And again, thank you to the panel.