    Mr. Ehrlich. Thank you, and good morning.    My name is Manny Ehrlich. I'm a chemist who came to CSB from a 50-year career in the chemical industry, mostly with BASF Corporation. I served in a variety of roles, including executive management, and I eventually led emergency response efforts at chemical accidents across North America.    My role as a Board member is especially meaningful to me. I worked in a plant in which two workers lost their lives in a chemical accident. It was my responsibility to notify their wives. It is an experience you never forget and one I hope none of you ever have to be involved in.    Only last month, Chairman Moure-Eraso and I visited the DuPont facility in LaPorte, Texas, where we were investigating a toxic gas release that killed four workers. This trip reminded us of the agony associated with the loss of life at a chemical plant and reaffirmed our commitment to work diligently at the CSB to prevent future accidents.    From what I have seen at my time in the agency, staff productivity is high. The work of the investigators is very stressful, but they are focused and dedicated. I'm impressed with the consistently high quality of the investigation reports and recommendations.    Mr. Chairman, I am aware of the issues this committee has raised concerning management at the agency. Coming from the private sector, my approach is that we need clear delineation of goals, procedures, and responsibilities while we work with the committee to find solutions to unresolved issues.    I would like to take this opportunity to say that I have a high degree of respect for Chairman Moure-Eraso and the high work output at the CSB during his tenure. He has been under heavy fire, but I know him as a man of high integrity that is dedicated to preventing chemical accidents and saving workers' lives and is truly committed to the agency's mission.    He's a working Chairman, who is in the office every day. He travels to accident sites and is fully immersed in the life of the agency. In my judgment, as a former industry executive, a large part of the Board's problems have been due to the confused and ambiguous lines of authority between the Board, career staff, and the Board Chair. It appears that some Board members work with a few career staff that curtail the appropriate administrative authority of the Board Chair, thus the chain of command within the agency has been undermined.    The Chair is facing internal opposition, tension, and criticism as he simply tried to undertake the basic functions of the agency. During my time at the agency, I witnessed employee actions that I have never seen in the private sector which have a very negative effect on the organization. An example is a situation the Chair referred to in which two staff members intentionally doctored a report by our organizational consultant. They took out examples of progress being made and added in very negative comments about senior management, and they improperly instructed the contractor to keep their involvement secret.    I put forth a motion in January 2015 to clarify ambiguities about the Chair's administrative authority. My motion was about the future of the agency and the authority and leadership capacity of future Chairs. The agency needs to function in a more businesslike manner with clearer lines of accountability, responsibility, and authority. I believe my motion conforms to private sector practices as well as the practices used at agencies like the NTSB. Most importantly, it clarifies the appropriate division of responsibilities between the Board and the Chair.    It is now time to move forward and not look back. Mr. Engler and I will be working to ensure that the strong labor and environmental coalition background that he brings to the Board and the industry background that I bring will be used collaboratively. We plan to meet jointly with industry and union stakeholders to build bridges and gain acceptance of key CSB recommendations.    I look forward to working collegially with Mr. Engler and future Board members. I'll be pleased to answer any questions you have. Thank you.    Mr. Ehrlich. Mr. Chairman, may I say a few words?    Mr. Ehrlich. Based on the information that I was given, we had done just about all we could do there. If----    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I'd----    Mr. Ehrlich . Talked with the staff.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, they had put out several reports. One of the--one of the instances had to do with technology that no one in the United States even used anymore.    Mr. Ehrlich. For the same reason I made the motion concerning the Board orders. This was tagged onto it. My primary objective was to clean the slate so that, when Mr. Engler and myself remain after June, we have a clean slate to deal with. We can go back and put any Board order or rewrite any Board order.    And, in fact, of the 18 Board orders that were rescinded, 3 of them hadn't been used in years, 10 of them were inaccurate, 3 of them were obsolete, and 1 of them conflicted with the GSA's travel policy. We are in the process of putting four Board orders in place at this time to correct some of those deficiencies.    There is nothing to say that we can't go back and put in place the correct Board orders. We can look at issues around those three particular accidents that had been closed out. But, at that point in time, we had spent a lot of data on it--a lot of time on it. And most of the people who were involved were not involved in--were not available anymore----    Mr. Ehrlich. I can't speak to the date that was gathered some time ago. What I can speak to is the issue of how data was handled in the Vantage study. In my----    Mr. Ehrlich. But I wasn't asked. You asked me why I--what I thought was going on, and I'd like to tell you, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I have talked to almost everybody in the agency. I have a background in organizational diagnosis as well as chemistry. I think there are some issues, yes, but I know for a fact--and the emails are forthcoming to the inspector general--that a person inside, two people inside the agency told the contractor--by the way, the contractor, who lied to us that nobody had ever seen this report up until the day it was presented--we have data which will be submitted to you that says in fact that two people inside of the agency told the contractor to change the data so that it was in fact not very positive.    Mr. Ehrlich. You're welcome.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I understand that that came about in the--in the hearing last year, and I asked the questions of the staff, was that information ever transmitted into the agency? And I was told no, and I accepted that on the face of it and accepted it to be true and wrote it in that article.    Mr. Ehrlich. No, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I don't know, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Not that I haven't copied my own email on in my office.    Mr. Ehrlich. At CSB.gov. I think I've sent emails from home on my personal email, but I copy my CSB.gov file.    Mr. Ehrlich. Not to my recollection, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I was.    Mr. Ehrlich. I understand that, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. It is. My recollection is that that is exactly true.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I was appointed in December 2014.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. I was nominated by the President, confirmed by the Senate.    Mr. Ehrlich. Appointed by the President.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, yes, I did. I watched what was going on when I came in. I did a lot of reading. I was provided with a lot of information before I came to Washington. And I saw this as an opportunity, as you do, for example, in a business environment to fix some things that didn't appear correct and clear the slate for Mr. Engler and I to move forward in June.    Mr. Ehrlich. I discussed it internally, yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. With the Chair, with the managing director, a few of the people in the organization, staff members.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I did not.    Mr. Ehrlich. I did.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, no, I got help internally to put some of the verbiage together, yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. Managing director, general counsel, the Chair. I talked to some of the senior investigators, or one of the senior investigators.    Mr. Ehrlich. At some level, yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I had an agenda to the extent that I wanted to see the Board--I wanted to see the agency function more smoothly. I wanted rules and regulations that were up to date. I wanted to apply a business model from my executive management that would help bring it up----    Mr. Ehrlich. I have, and yes, I had talked to a number of employees in that period of time. And I understand where some of the problems were. And I felt that we could take action at the time, at the Board meeting, since it was the only one--or the community meeting, since it was the only one scheduled, to correct some of the issues and move forward and clean the slate.    Mr. Ehrlich. Sir, I never--when I talk to people--first of all, I didn't give him any more power. He's not going to be there. It gave Mr. Engler and I the ability to--and future Chairs for power. I never talked to anybody in the organization that had anything negative to say to me about the Chair. They had things to say about communication. There was no finger pointing as to who was responsible or not. They had issues about the fact that we need to work on a--on a protocol, on a style guide. All of these things, I would assume, had been discussed on Mr. Griffon's shift.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I know some of them were discussed, yes, OK. And just to clarify an issue from before, Mr. Engler and I had a discussion about going back and looking, for example, at an HF issue. In fact, we talked about how the research would be done on it because I understood that that created some issues. So we agreed that we were going to look at it and decide how we could move forward collegially.    Mr. Ehrlich. I was----    Mr. Ehrlich. It was drafted within the organization----    Mr. Ehrlich . And I agreed to it.    Mr. Ehrlich. By the Chair, by the managing director, by----    Mr. Ehrlich. Not in--not in its entirety. I wrote a lot of it and I had----    Mr. Ehrlich. I wrote the verbiage----    Mr. Ehrlich . That----    Mr. Ehrlich. No, but he talked to me about the verbiage.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. I believe so, but I'm not 100 percent sure.    Mr. Ehrlich. I signed off on the draft. I made----    Mr. Ehrlich . Changes.    Mr. Ehrlich. So I needed--I needed assistance from inside----    Mr. Ehrlich. The final draft was mine, yes. Did I drew all of the drafts? No.    Mr. Ehrlich. I did not.    Mr. Ehrlich. A scoping document is a document that's used to determine the magnitude of an incident and from a numerical scale that's derived from it.    Mr. Ehrlich. Right after I came to the agency.    Mr. Ehrlich. I worked with others on it because I needed to know the language and the format. I worked with the managing director, and I worked with general counsel.    Mr. Ehrlich. And I feel the same way, sir.