    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. One of the things, as I sit on this Committee and the Financial Services Committee, and we have been dealing with a plethora of regulations that came out of Dodd-Frank, is that changing the business model into market behavior. And one of the things I have been particularly concerned about is liquidity in some of these markets. And markets do not perform well if they don't have the right amount of liquidity. And what we have seen is that some of these regulations have changed market players' behavior. We have seen some players get out of the marketplace.    And so one of the things that I am a little concerned about is this recently drafted technical specifications creates a pretty detailed and highly prescriptive set of standards on how to report each and every trade. And I am afraid that might not be all that easy for some of the non-standard hedging products.    So I guess, Ms. Kruse, do I have a valid concern that with all of these changes that we are making, that we are changing market behavior a little bit and potentially have a liquidity issue?    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Gil, I am also concerned about these increased reporting requirements, and we were talking about end-users. Mr. Scott brought up on the swap market. I think about adding 120 additional data fields and having to compile the data and report the data on each and every trade, is particularly for smaller end-users, that is, to me that is problematic. Am I missing something here?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes, one of the things that I wonder is if the requirements are maybe well-suited for reporting--could perhaps be more suited for the dealers, swap dealers, themselves rather than putting that responsibility on the end-user. Is that a reasonable thought?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. I think one of the things, because I heard you say a while ago it is pretty expensive, the start-up. So I am thinking that the infrastructure that the swap dealers already have in place may be a more cost-effective place to do that, rather than asking the end-users to have to develop that infrastructure.    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. So the final point that I wanted to make is that I am extremely concerned about, as we have gotten this new regulation, we have also, with Dodd-Frank, we created new entities. We have OFR and it is collecting a huge amount of data. The CFPB is collecting a huge amount of data now, millions and millions of records on credit card holders across the country. I am concerned with two things. One is do the regulators need all that data? But more importantly, now I am worried about the sensitivity in collecting that data and the safety of that data because much of that data is very proprietary. Again, one of the things that we would hope that the CFTC and other regulators would do is, look. This is the data we need to make a safety and soundness issue. We don't need to know that much more about that transaction than a certain subset. And I am having a hard time believing that we have 100 fields that will determine whether we have the right amount of data on that, particularly for non-standard trades as well.    So Mr. Chairman, thanks for having this hearing today.    The Chairman. Mr. Aguilar?