    Ms. Stangl. Good morning, thank you so much, Chairman Duncan, for allowing me to give this testimony this morning. And thank you to all those in attendance for your attention to this important issue.    Before I begin my testimony, I would like to ask that a set of letters from Cuban pastors to you, Chairman Duncan, be entered into the record.    Religious groups of all types, Catholic and Protestant as well as other religious groups in Cuba, saw many of their properties confiscated in the years following the revolution. The return of some of these properties has been a key focus area of talks in recent years between the Roman Catholic Church and the Cuban Government.    Other religious groups have also held dialogues with the Cuban Government with the same objective with varying degrees of success.    In recent years, the churches most vulnerable to the threat or act of government confiscation of their property have been what are usually referred to as house churches. Many are actual houses that have been converted by the owner at some point into a church. Others are buildings built more recently on private property and used exclusively as churches but without permits for religious activity.    Properties linked to unregistered religious groups are particularly vulnerable. One emblematic example have been the property located at Avellaneda 278 between San Esteban and San Martin Streets in the historic city center Camaguey. This property was acquired by the Reverend Omar Gude Perez and his wife Kenia Denis Bravo in 2003. A relatively large property for the location, it has acted as family home and place of worship. It is also a training center for church leaders from across the country who are affiliated with the Apostolic Movement, a charismatic Christian network of churches that authorities have refused to register.    Before leaving the country in 2013, having received asylum in the United States, Reverend Gude and wife officially transferred the property to their nephew, Reverend Yiorvis Bravo. The transfer was carried out legally, in line with Cuban laws. The transfer papers were in fact signed by government notary. Reverend Bravo Denis was already living in the property with his wife and small child and subsequently took over the church and religious training center.    In September 2013, the government summoned Reverend Bravo to a court hearing where they summarily found his ownership of the property to be invalid, despite the paperwork provided, and declared it belonged to the government. The government notary who had signed off on the transfer did not appear. Reverend Bravo refused to vacate the property and was subject to a day's long active repudiation.    Shortly thereafter, Reverend Bravo was summoned by housing ministry officials, who offered to allow him to stay on the property as a rent-paying tenant to the government if he agreed to submit all planned religious activities to the government in advance. The government set the rent for his own property at $300 per month, 15 times the annual salary for a Cuban.    He turned down this offer, refused to sign the papers, and stated his intention to remain in the property. To date, he has managed to do so, although the government has repeatedly declared that it still considers itself to be the owner of the building and reserves the right to evict the family any time. We believe they have not been evicted by force thus far because the case has received international attention. But the vulnerability of the family, who have been stripped of property rights, remains of great concern.    This year on May 21 the legal offices of Poblete Tamargo submitted a request for precautionary measures on behalf of Reverend Bravo to the Inter-American Human Rights Commission. Both Reverend Omar Gude and Yiorvis Bravo have submitted letters, which I mentioned earlier.    We regularly receive reports of threats of confiscation of properties from unregistered religious groups, such the Apostolic Movement, but the government is also guilty of targeting the property of historic and registered religious groups. The threat or act of confiscation of church properties has often appeared to be a tactic of the government to pressure or punish a church or larger denomination.    One of the most egregious cases was the 2012 retroactive nationalization of the historic property belonging to the Baptist Church in Yaguajay in the Province of Sancti Spiritus. The church is part of the Western Baptist Convention of Cuba, one of the largest historical and registered denominations in Cuba.    More recently, CSW has received worrying news that new legislation, which came into effect in January of this year, is being used to justify the arbitrary expropriation of private property, including religious properties. On the surface, legal decree 322, the general law on housing, appears to be meant to regulate private properties, mostly homes, and enforce zoning laws, following other reforms that affect property rights.    However, our contacts on the island say that the law is being used by government officials to claim the right to seize church properties and to force the churches into the role of paying tenants. You may recall this is identical to the offer made to Reverend Bravo in 2013 prior to the adoption of the law, which suggests that it is a strategy that has been in development for some time.    Cuban lawyers have told CSW that although the law does not specifically mention religious groups, government officials have claimed it gives them authority to expropriate property when they deem it necessary. To our knowledge, the largest church to be effected thus far by legal decree 322 is the Maranatha First Baptist Church in Holguin. This is another registered and historic religious property. Last month, the leadership of the church was informed by provincial Communist Party officials and housing ministry officials that their property was being confiscated and their status changed from owners to renters. The church has held title to the property since 1947, originally through the American Baptist Home Mission Society of Cuba, and was officially registered as part of the Eastern Baptist Convention of Cuba in May 1954. Leaders of the church have published an open letter calling for support as they resist government attempts to seize their property.    I am humbled to be here today, speaking on behalf of Cuban men and women who have for generations now maintained and cared for religious properties which have been and are sanctuaries for hundreds of thousands of Cubans in the face of great pressure and open hostility.    While this is a historic problem, it has not solely affected religious properties. It is also a current problem of ongoing violations. Much attention has been given to Raul Castro's announced property reforms, but less attention has been given to the detail of these reforms and their impact, potential and real, on ordinary Cubans. This subcommittee has a key role to play in putting a spotlight on those details and highlighting how, even today, Cubans continue to be vulnerable to the arbitrary expropriation of their property by government.    Even as the administration continues to pursue a dialogue with the Cuban Government, it is key that human rights, including property rights and religious freedom, be a central component of that dialogue. I would respectfully ask that the members of this subcommittee continue to hold the administration accountable for the content of the dialogue and any agreements. And at the same time, you make it clear to the Cuban Government, through statements or letters, these actions are not going unnoticed. Thank you.    Ms. Stangl. I think as far as the biggest obstacle we face in raising these issues is fear. We are working with Cubans still in Cuba who have managed in some way to retain what little they can. We are talking about church properties that are in disrepair because the government's refused to allow them to make any reparations--repairs on those buildings. Overcrowded, very kind of bad circumstances.    A number of pastors we reached out to about this hearing and asked if they would be willing to come testify, and they are too afraid because they are afraid that what little they have managed to hold on to will be taken away from them. Their fear is justified. We have seen just this year since the negotiations began, things have gotten worse. So we have had many, many more properties suddenly being confiscated and many more threats of confiscation. And as long as that continues, I don't see how the Cuban Government can be thought to be credible.