    Mr. KNAPP. Thank you, and I apologize in advance. I have a cold.    Thank you, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee. My name is Frank Knapp. I am the president and CEO of the South Carolina Small Business Chamber of Commerce. I am also the board co-chair of the American Sustainable Business Council, which through its network represents about 200,000 businesses. The American Sustainable Business Council advocates for policy change at the federal level and at the state level that supports a more sustainable economy.    Today's hearing topic is important for small business and the vitality of our economy. Good regulations tend to stimulate innovative and entrepreneurship in addition to limiting or preventing destructive forms of economic activity. Bad regulations, whether because they are not designed properly or simply not needed, will be a burden on small businesses, and thus, harm our economy. Everyone here would prefer the former and not the latter.    One example of what is working is the Regulatory Flexibility Act. In 2004, my South Carolina organization worked with our South Carolina Chamber and the NFIB to pass our Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Act modeled after the Federal law. Several years later, the then-chairman of the South Carolina Regulatory Review Committee told me that over the previous 7 years, his Committee had reviewed about 300 proposed regulations and identified only 10 that raised their concern. His Committee worked with the State agencies promulgating these new regulations and satisfactorily resolved the issues. The Regulatory Flexibility Act has created an effective process to protect small businesses even if the process itself needs some attention from time to time.    While some inside the Beltway claim that regulations are holding back our economic growth, the American Sustainable Business Council has a different view. Along with the other small business organizations, we released a poll of small business owners in February of 2012, which found that small businesses do not see regulations as a major concern. Our polling confirmed that small business owners value regulations if they are well constructed and fairly enforced. Eighty-six percent believe some regulation is necessary for a modern economy, and 93 percent of respondents believe their business can live with some regulation if it is fair and manageable. Seventy-eight percent of small employers agree regulations are important in protecting small businesses from unfair competition and to level the playing field with big business. Seventy-nine percent of small business owners support having clean air and water in their community in order to keep the families, employees, and customers healthy. Sixty-one percent support standards that move our country towards energy efficiency and clean energy.    Recently, Republican pollster Frank Luntz surveyed CEOs and found similar results as the American Sustainable Business Council polled. Regulations were identified as the seventh concern behind more pressing issues like creating economic opportunity, keeping taxes affordable, raising the minimum wage, and reducing income inequality. So if small businesses are not self-identifying regulations as their top impediment to growth, and businesses in general are not citing regulations as a significant problem, who are pushing the anti-regulation bills really representing?    The answer is clear. Most of the complaints we hear in Washington are from only two industries. Those that are impacted by the Wall Street reform, Dodd-Frank, and new Environmental Protection Agency regulations. K Street lobbyists regaled Congress and the public about the dire economic consequences to small businesses of regulations that will prevent another Great Recession or protect the health and safety of our citizens or restrain the future wrath of uncontrolled climate change. In reality, the financial giants who drove our economy off a cliff and the powerful fossil fuel industry are driving the anti-regulation train using the name of small business to garner sympathetic ears.    In conclusion, the regulation promulgating process can produce good results and good rules while protecting small businesses from unnecessary burdens if we provide the resources for agencies to expeditiously carry out the requirements. Congress has already put in place those requirements, but the federal government's responsibility to impact small businesses should not stop there. Some small businesses will find compliance with federal regulations difficult. The answer is not to throw the baby out with the bathwater and invalidate existing rules. Instead, we believe the solution lies in expanding the capacity of the federal government to provide regulatory compliance assistance to small businesses.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak before you today, and I welcome any questions the Committee might have.    Mr. KNAPP. Thank you. In West Virginia, you are talking about the Elk River Spill. That was actually because, and I know this firsthand. As soon as that spill happened, I was in contact with the businesses there, which cost them, by the way, $19 million a day because they had to shut down their only source of clean drinking water. It was a matter that was not on the radar of anybody. You had this tank and nobody knew what was in it. Nobody was paying attention to it. It did not fall under any guidelines, any rules about how it had to be maintained. After that, the West Virginia legislature actually passed some very strict rules regarding aboveground storage and chemical storage. Unfortunately, the following year they turned around and gutted a lot of it. It is important. Regulations are important. They keep us safe. They protect our environment. They protect small businesses so that they do not have to be shut down when the drinking water is shut down, and they are important. I think everybody here recognizes that regulations do serve a purpose when they are done appropriately and are not too onerous.    I will go back to my statement. If we are talking about everybody thinks it is a good thing that agencies or the SBREFA process or everybody else has better outreach, we better fund it, because if we do not fund it, we are not going to be any better off than we are today. There is no sense in passing something and saying you will do this and then they go, ``well, okay, we do not have time so we are going to still try to not do it''. That is what I think goes on in these agencies with limited resources. It is funny. I was here nearly four years ago testifying before the same Committee, talking about the same thing.    Mr. KNAPP. Yes, they do.    Mr. KNAPP. I do not know how much outreach the EPA did regarding developing the ``waters of the U.S.'' I have been told it was pretty extensive even though they did not go through the SBREFA process. Here is the problem. The problem is, when we even have advocacy and they have the panels, they are usually done in places where most small businesses are not. Okay? They are done in Washington, and that means trade associations are representing them, and trade associations are not necessarily representing the rank and file out there. I do not remember any of them coming to South Carolina to hold anything.    I do not want to say it is the small businesses' responsibility to tell an agency that yes, we will be impacted. I think that if we are going to be doing this type of outreach, they need to have the resources to go out to the small businesses. Instead of putting the burden on small businesses to say they are going to be impacted, let's bring the two of them and let's educate them. Let's take them to where they are and then have those types of conversations.