    Ms. Dean. Thank you. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Lawrence, thank you for the invitation to testify today. I'm Stacy Dean, vice president for Food Assistance Policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a nonpartisan policy institute.    I'm really pleased to have the opportunity to talk to you today about program integrity in SNAP. I've worked on SNAP for more than 20 years, and one of the most rewarding parts of my job is to work directly with State officials on improving the program at the local level, and that includes policy and operations related to program integrity.    SNAP is the Nation's most important anti-hunger program. It currently helps about 44 million low-income Americans, or 1 in 7 Americans, to afford a nutritionally adequate diet each day at the more than 200,000 retail store outlets that take the benefits.    Despite its modest benefits which average only $1.41 per person per meal, it has powerful short- and long-term impacts. It helps family and communities weather tough economic times, it reduces poverty and food insecurity, it improves health, and it does support work. SNAP's successes can largely be attributed to its national entitlement structure, it's relatively uniform eligibility standards, its standards for program administration and integrity, and the fact that it's a food-based benefit.    SNAP does operate with efficiency and has relatively sound program integrity. As I've outlined in my testimony and as you heard from Under Secretary Concannon, SNAP has a strong track record on issuing benefits accurately and identifying and preventing fraud. Critics who claim that caseload growth in recent years has been driven by waste, fraud, and abuse are just simply incorrect.    Program integrity has two fundamental components. One is reducing errors, which is ensuring that benefits are issued to the correct people in the correct amount, and most error in the program resulting under--around error is a result of human error meaning basic mistakes, not fraud. States actually report that the majority of error in--that occurs through payment--through payment accuracy measurement is their fault and not clients'.    By contrast, fraud is when clients or retailers collude to exchange benefits for nonfood items or some of the unfortunate activities you've heard of already today, or intentionally lie to the program for personal benefit. Each of these issues, error and fraud, merits their own solutions. Identifying and proving a retailer is trafficking is quite a different problem than ensuring State workers throughout the country understand program rules and are applying them correctly.    We support the ongoing effort to maintain and improve SNAP's program integrity. As new technology becomes available and as awareness of how problems are arising, there will just continue to be opportunities to improve SNAP accuracy and prevent fraud, and that's why the most recent farm bill included several new initiatives.    We encourage you to assess new ideas against several criteria. The first question is always does it work? USDA and States have a strong history of testing and trying new ideas to assess impacts in order to determine the potential effectiveness nationally, and I think the Florida demo is a great example of that.    This--another question is what's the scope and scale of the problem under discussion? Some of the most egregious examples of fraud are highly isolated incidences. They are completely unacceptable, but they may be so infrequent such that they shouldn't drive the programs fundamental approach to addressing more common everyday program integrity issues. Building processes based on the assumption that everyone who uses this program is a criminal just simply isn't an effective way to run the program.    Obviously, we need to look at what are the proposed--or proposed solutions, projected costs, and benefits. I do think it's important to--even though this seems obvious, when a proposal is promoted as an anti-fraud activity, some are really reluctant to rigorously weigh its benefits and costs out of fear of being perceived as soft on fraud. And data-matching, I think, is a very good example. High-quality focused matches to test the veracity of client statements against available data is a terrific tool both for access and integrity, but expanding matches to--against data that may be completely irrelevant to a household's current circumstances is a waste of resources and could undermine integrity.    Will the proposal have any negative consequences? Any new program integrity proposal needs to consider the implications on access and whether all individuals, particularly individuals with disabilities or other special needs, could navigate them.    And finally, who's promoting the change? Often, private vendors selling program integrity solutions are some of SNAP's biggest critics. Their self-interest in promoting the perception of a program in crisis really has to be considered.    Cost, not a lack of interest or new ideas, is often our biggest obstacle to addressing fraud and error. While the Federal Government shares in the cost of administering the program, State budgets are often the limiting factor to ensuring the best systems and technology are deployed nationwide. Many States have downsized their program operations during the recent recession and have not yet rebuilt the capacity to take full advantage of new technology options or the staff resources that could improve their efforts.    So I look forward to the discussion today. Thank you very much.    Ms. Dean. Well ----    Ms. Dean. Thank you. I think the single most powerful element of the program is its entitlement structure. It responds to increased need whether that's at the national level when we have the kind of significant and deep recession that we had several years ago, the State level due to a downturn, or a community or even an individual family household level. When folks, when their income goes down, they can apply for benefits, and the program is available ----    Ms. Dean. Across the board ----    Ms. Dean. Capped funding, fixed capped funding that does not increase every year.    Ms. Dean. Absolutely, both in terms of ----    Ms. Dean. Absolutely. I don't actually think you even need to describe it as finagling.    Ms. Dean. Yes, you don't need to describe it as finagling. States would--typically, under a block grant they're given the authority and power to set eligibility rules and standards.    Ms. Dean. Yes, it's a national program.    Ms. Dean. Yes, the Congress sets the rules.    Ms. Dean. Yes, it does.    Ms. Dean. Yes, it is, and we've seen it be a mixed bag under cash assistance. Flexibility allows States to try and test new things, some of which can be terrific positive innovations, but the other--the incredible downside with flexibility is the fact that States have balanced budget requirements, and frequently, when they face a test against their budget, they need resources, say, because they've had a downturn. We've seen them turn to block grants as a way to divert funds from those--that core purpose, which in the case of SNAP is food, to other purposes to meet their shortfalls.    Ms. Dean. I do.    Ms. Dean. I'm not sure that that--like Commissioner Mayhew, I don't think that there is a common understanding or a shared understanding of it. It is a very rare occurrence.    Ms. Dean. That's all right. Well, first of all, one of the core elements of the program that allows participants who aren't working to obtain and maintain a job is that the eligibility limits, while restrictive, are set significantly higher than, say, a cash--the cash-assistance programs most States offer. So participants who are not working can get a job, their benefits are reduced, but they can maintain eligibility.    There's also an earnings disregard built in the program so that income coming from work is treated more favorably than income, say, from Social Security or other unearned sources.    We see a significant share of participants working. If you look at working-age adults who aren't disabled, over half of them are working, and if you look at the year before or the year after a typical month of receipt, that goes to above 80 percent.    The bottom line is that you cannot--it is nearly impossible to be poor in this country and not be working. There's very limited forms of assistance available to struggling unemployed families. The unemployment insurance program is an open door for low-income workers who are in and out of the workforce. TANF cash assistance is incredibly restrictive. SNAP is the benefit that is available to all low-income individuals, nonworking and working like.    Ms. Dean. Sure. The 1996 welfare law included a provision that limited SNAP to 3 months out of every 36 months, so 3 months out of every 3 years, for childless adults unless they are working 20 hours a week. It's a little bit more complicated, but that's the gist. States have the ability--and this--there's no obligation on the State to offer a job slot or test the individual's willingness to work. It is truly a time limit in most States that apply the rule.    States have the ability to waive that rule in periods or in areas of high unemployment, and during the recession, virtually every State availed themselves of that opportunity to suspend the time limit so that food assistance could go to unemployed needy people.    As the unemployment rate has fallen, areas no longer qualify, and this year happens to be a year where over 20 States had to re-implement the rule either because of their unemployment rates or they chose to, and as a result, we estimate a minimum of half-a-million people were removed from the program in April and May of this year. And we'll see data to confirm that in a month or so.    Ms. Dean. Is it a good--I think the question is what's the counterfactual? How many of them would have gone and gotten jobs anyway because we know that there's a high ----    Ms. Dean. But there's ----    Mr. Jordan.--so it is good for the taxpayer and it is good for the individual, and you are somehow implying in questions I have heard from the other side somehow that is not a good thing?    Ms. Dean. There's also a group of people who lost food assistance without a job. That's ----    Ms. Dean. I think there are many parts of the country where there are not ----    Ms. Dean. Representative Jordan, you're not characterizing the rule correctly across the country. States are not ----    Ms. Dean. I cannot speak to whether Maine genuinely offered every single individual--whether a slot was available for them to participate in and whether those individuals were appropriately screened. Commissioner Mayhew can best do that. But the problem is that across the country that's not happening. It's operating as a time limit, so individuals living in high unemployment areas or individuals who face barriers to work. For example, in Florida there were disabled veterans who didn't have 100 percent disability rating who were terminated from the program. They were not exempted.    Work requirement is ----    Ms. Dean. Work requirement is very different than ----    Ms. Dean. Just very briefly, we think it would be very ill-advised, and the experience and history of block grants would suggest that converting SNAP into a block grant would increase hunger and hardship amongst low-income Americans because less food assistance would be available to them over time.    It's also highly likely, as you're pointing out, that error and fraud would become a more serious issue because you would start to have 50--well, in SNAP there are 53 States, Ms. Plaskett representing one of them, 53 States with different rules, different criteria, and lots of complexity and duplication on which stores to bring into the program and how to administer and ensure that everyone is adhering to the rules.    Ms. Dean. Well, I think the Virgin Islands would be a good example. Currently, the Islands waive the time limit so the time limit is not in effect. If it were to elect to drop it, given your relatively high unemployment, the shutdown of certain businesses in recent years, that would mean that there are individuals willing to work who cannot find work.    There are also individuals working less than 20 hours, say, 18 hours, who would lose the food assistance as a wage supplement to them. So it just means increased hunger and hardship, more demand on local charities. It's ill-advised given that there is this terrific program available to help feed people that supports and encourages work.    Ms. Dean. The benefits are based on a food plan called the thrifty food plan, and it is meant theoretically for someone with perfect information in an extreme environment to be able to purchase enough. But we believe and actually have a paper coming out next week that suggests that it really is insufficient to purchase a healthy diet.    Ms. Dean. Well, the--I think there are tradeoffs. Fresh fruits and vegetables, whether you can buy foods with sufficient--low levels of sodium versus highly processed foods. A lot of participants substitute in starches versus protein and, as I said, fruits and vegetables.    That having been said, SNAP participants do purchase very consistent with how the average American purchases. They do an incredible job with the benefits that they have, but we think they'd do much better if they had sufficient resources.    Ms. Dean. To be clear, that is also not legal and it is unacceptable, but yes, some mothers with young children face extraordinary choices, just extraordinary choices, and taking care of their children, as you're, I think, trying to illustrate with the question, is always going to come first.