    Mr. Spriggs. Thank you, Chairman Price, and thank you, Ranking Member Yarmuth for this opportunity. To restore the trust of the American people, we must restore what the government does. From 1946 to 1979, the wages of Americans grew with their productivity. Income gains were roughly equally shared by each quintile of the income distribution.    That was the result of deliberate Federal policies to invest in the American people, to invest in America, and to aim those policies at shared prosperity. The American people want you to invest in them. The best investment anyone can make is in the American people and in American children in particular. It will always, always pay to bet on American children. There are lots of key programs that the government put in place that made this happen.    We invested in our GIs returning from WWII. We gave them opportunity for higher education and for home ownership. That transformed America. It gave us the middle class. We learned, when they were puny like my dad when he volunteered before WWII, they were underweight, young men, that we needed to invest in feeding our children, and the national student lunch program is a huge investment in making sure that our children are healthy. That changed everything.    We invested in making sure that the labor market was fair by having hands-off and keeping the National Labor Relations Board apolitical so that our unions could grow and our workers could fairly bargain over the increase in productivity, and each administration up to 1979 fought to raise the minimum wage, and it was a bipartisan vote. The majority of Republicans and Democrats voted to raise the minimum wage. It was not a partisan issue.    Under Republican President Dwight Eisenhower, in response to Sputnik, he got the Democratic Senate, in less than one year in response to Sputnik, to put in place the National Student Loan Program, and that launched not only the scientists who got us the Internet, got us personal computers, but it also meant that we had teachers to train those people, and President Eisenhower invested in America.    He built the Interstate Highway System, which transformed America and gave us higher productivity. President Johnson added by adding Head Start, a program which pays for itself in the gains of the earnings of children who go through that program. Medicare and Medicaid. Young women who have had access to Medicaid when they were young have higher earnings, have more education, and the young people who have had access to it end up with higher earnings paying back and higher taxes, the way that we get to afford these programs.    Now, what economists are finding out is that the reason these programs worked is that inequality hurts growth. Inequality hurts growth for a number of reasons, but one of them, the IMF found, was that if income growth goes to the top 20 percent, you really slow growth. In the United States the top 20 percent control over half the income. They spend over, well over, a half of the money on education, well over a half of the money spent on housing. That distorts prices. In a free market, it is $1, one vote, not one person, one vote, and suppliers will always chase the dollars. That makes tuitions go up. That makes housing prices go up. Umbrellas do not cause rain.    We have the government having to chase these price tilts in order to make sure that everyone can benefit from them. The one sure way we have learned from the OECD studies for why inequality hurts growth, is because it hurts human capital formation. At high levels of inequality, the bottom 40 percent simply do not get enough education. Invest in Americans. That is how you make the economy grow and get their trust back.    Mr. Spriggs. So, what happened is because States cut back on their support for education and turned it into a free market. Colleges of course will chase the dollars, as is the way you do it in the free market. That increased tuitions because I want students who will pay and they all have Harvard's model. Harvard follows the top one percent. What happens to their incomes? Their incomes have been going up much faster than inflation, much faster than the average American.    Mr. Spriggs. The Federal Government then has to catch up to help out the other students.    Mr. Spriggs. Absolutely, Congresswoman. Right now we are running a deficit in our infrastructure because it is deteriorating. So, if you look at it from a net perspective, you are running negative. We are leaving to our children the debt of repairing infrastructure that our parents and grandparents paid for. So, we are not leaving them the legacy that we were left with. We are leaving them the debt of trying to fix it.    That is not right. And at the moment, there is a consensus among economists that the one thing missing from this recovery was further fiscal stimulus whether you look at the father of expectations or someone on the other side of economists like Krugman. Nobel laureates all agree that we need this stimulus. The IMF has been urging the United States at these low interest rates, invest. Make the investment in your infrastructure. The OECD is telling us, invest. And we are not responding. The Budget Committee has a responsibility for the full employment of Americans through the Humphrey Hawkins Act and that is a responsibility we should take seriously.    Mr. Spriggs. Well, the growth of the United States was so phenomenal because we did make the investment in our people. So, you look at our public land grant colleges. One of the things we have left out in discussing what education does is that our education system included providing the research for our growth. Those land grant colleges insured that American farmers would be the most productive and when you look at the results they have continued to be the most productive because of the research that takes place. Unfunded research. And that is the difference between a high education and a low cost education.    It is an investment that gave us Hewlett-Packard, that gave us Google. All of those things were possible because of the way we run in the United States our higher education. It is not a glorified high school. So, that investment pays off. Whether it is Medicare and what happens to extending the work life of seniors or Medicaid and giving young people the entry to have a healthy life and to have more education, to seek more education, to inspire them to be doctors.    All of this plays a role and it has paid off. The research on Head Start has new findings against what the government initially found because we have done better research as economists. And that is what happens when you have researchers who get supported.    So, our better research has indicated that Head Start, in fact, does have lasting effects because the earlier study did not consider that Head Start has spawned lots of preschool programs. And that earlier research looked at Head Start ignoring that people were also getting other program and support. So when you actually looked at it more carefully, we have found that Head Start pays off through the life of the person and most importantly when it comes to State costs, it reduces the criminal justice system costs because we know that Head Start and investments at a younger age does reduce criminal activity. So, all of this points to the success of these investments.    Mr. Spriggs. Yes, and the International Monetary Fund, which is not union-supported at all or union friendly has looked at this in a comparative way, so we can see what has happened for countries that have seen declines in union density. And they found the most strong relationship between declining union density and growth and inequality particularly for people who are the top one percent.    So, in other words, what happens is when you do not have workers at the table being able to negotiate with their boss about what happens to this productivity increase it goes to the boss.    It does not get shared by the workers. When you look at it in the United States, as you mentioned, the graph just pops out. That is the way the graph looks--declining unionization, growth of income at the top 1 percent. There is a perfect correlation. Non-union workers hurt because of that. The wages of non-union workers are seven dollars off from what they would be per hour depending upon their education level and even greater for those with less education. So, the wages of non-union workers are hurt when workers are not organized. So, it increases inequality and it hurts non-union workers as well. So, it is very important that we maintain our commitment to Americans having the right to organize.    Mr. Spriggs. Well, they would help to restore fairness to the economy to make sure that rises in productivity by workers show up in their paycheck. You know, the market is a wonderful way to allocate resources, but it only means something if you have the resources to respond to the market. Having lower health care does not mean anything if I cannot afford $5,000. Having affordable housing that is dictated by prices from the top does not mean anything if I cannot afford housing.    So, we have to address what happens to the wages of workers. So, pushing wages up from the bottom to ensure that even those at the bottom enjoy productivity growth is necessary. That is one of the keys we learned from the period from 1946 to 1979. And then, making sure that those in the middle can negotiate fairly with their boss.    I am more productive. Do I not get to share in this productivity? That makes all the difference in the path and study after study is pointing this out by economist. That the economy becomes more stable because higher minimum wages mean that those workers are more resilient and can respond to market pressures. And the ability to negotiate wages mean that wages can be more flexible so we can have a more efficient labor market. So, we see that as more efficient.    Mr. Spriggs. So, previously our model was that we wanted as much education as possible and our States made heavy investments to make that possible, and make it affordable. So not only did we get affordable, but high-quality colleges. One of the big trade surpluses for the United States comes from our universities because of the research that takes place there that we have all benefited from, and given us the innovation that has led our Nation.    We have de-invested, we have taken them from being public to private, and that market competition, more than anything else, has lowered the access to low income students because, if I am the university, and you are going to tell me, ``I am not supporting you anymore,'' we had a drop from 1975 of 63 percent State support to today where it is under 33 percent.    I am going to want students who can pay. I am going to want out-of-state students. I am going to want foreign students. I am going to want to teach classes with teaching assistants. I am going to want to have as many classes as I can, done in some inexpensive way. I am going to have adjunct professors everywhere, right? I will lower my cost, and I will cut access because I do not want low income students, and I will raise the price because I am chasing dollars, and those in the top 20 percent spend much more on education than everybody else.    So that distorts the market. That is the distortion that we have allowed to take place. We went from a public commitment to, ``It is free-market, and that means I am a business now. I am not into caring about whether or not----''    Mr. Spriggs. Well, Congressman, no, and in a short answer. What workers are confronting is, in the trades as you mentioned, that Congress is quite willing to have H2B visas for skilled workers to come into this country, and undercut the wages of skilled Americans who need the jobs. So we have H1B visa workers who will come and undercut Americans who borrowed money to get degrees in stem. So if Congress wants to be on the side of American workers, let's be on the side of making investment and letting the price of work go up.    It is not the workers who do not want higher wages or the workers who do not want to work up to the higher wages. It is these kind of policies that put wage caps in the competition that Americans face, and you are right. Apprenticeship programs work. Unionized apprenticeship programs are the best, and we are the, the AFL-CIO, the largest producer and provider of job training in the United States, other than the United States Army. So you are absolutely right. That is a path that Americans can take. But we have to protect them by not having H2B visas----    Mr. Spriggs. Well, yes.    Mr. Spriggs. Well----    Mr. Spriggs. When the United States was building up this record on productivity increase, we were number one for college education, for a college educated workforce. We have slipped to number 17, and that risks our position. That risks our ability to make the innovations, and the investment we made in those universities provided the innovation, not only from the students, but the innovation from the professors.    So my alma mater, my graduate alma mater Wisconsin, your State, has made huge contributions because of the investment in that kind of research and so, yes, it pays off----