    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding these hearings. This has been an area of intense interest on my part since the year 2000 when I went to the Floor and said that the most important decision we will make this century is whether our successor species is carbon-based or silicon-based, whether the new and intelligent species on this planet is the product of genetic engineering or the product of computer engineering.    Some of you will remember I served on this Committee in the 107th and 108th Congresses and this was pretty much my main reason for serving on the Science Committee.    I should bring to the attention of this Subcommittee that on June 19, 2008--transcript available--the relevant Subcommittee of Foreign Affairs had a hearing titled ``Genetic and Other Human Modification Technologies: Sensible International Regulation or a New Kind of Arms Race?'' And in fact the analogy to what we're talking about here is the only other technology that was equally explosive perhaps, and that is nuclear weapons technology. In 1939 Albert Einstein wrote to Roosevelt saying what was possible and policymakers had only six years before that technology literally exploded onto the scene. Thank God we've got a little bit more time but the Nonproliferation Treaty took many decades after 1939 or after 1945 and I think could be a good model for what we need here.    Dr. Kahn, it may be too long to list but I don't know whether America is exactly number one in this technology or whether Britain or China might be slightly ahead, but we're all within, I think, a few years, but there are a whole bunch of other countries either at that level or maybe four or five years behind. Can you even list the countries that within five years could be where we are now?    Mr. Sherman. Are we talking a dozen, two dozen?    Mr. Sherman. Um-hum.    Mr. Sherman. Well, thank God nuclear weapons take an industrial scale. And although they reflect only 1945 technology, we've seen in Iran that you have to do something big, you have to spend billions of dollars, it has to be visible to the world that you're doing something. You seem to be saying that what we're concerned about here could be a lot cheaper and take place in a laboratory basement?    Mr. Sherman. And I want to pick up on Mr. Foster's question about time frame, but one of the concerns we will have is that countries will see this as, oh my God, it might be terribly unethical but it gives us a leg up militarily or economically. Damn the torpedoes.    Leaving aside engineering intelligence and looking to things that would--other than that that would affect soldiers, soldier is a little better if they've got courage, stamina, and strength. We're already at a point where drugs are going to be used by various militaries to impart those characteristics to their soldiers but then we can go further to genetic engineering. What is the time frame before there's genetic engineering that would do the simplest of--I don't know which of those three is easiest--would give a soldier either more strength or more stamina or, say, more courage, more willingness to charge out? Is there any way to say that that soldier is five years from now, fifteen years from now, or are we in the world of science fiction? Anybody venture a guess?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Well, we'll be in a position I think next decade where at least--well, already many militaries are using drugs on their soldiers and then the next step will be to use the next element of medical technology, not drugs, but genetic engineering.    Does anyone have--I mean we're--the first and most ethical use of this technology is to remedy maladies. The next step will be to allow parents to have kids that have all the best characteristics of anyone in their family or in the world. And then we'll go to giving kids unprecedented capacities, and at that point we're talking maybe human, maybe trans-human. What--does anyone here have any view as to how long it will be before we can affect the intelligence of either people--either adults or of germ cell--the germ line?    Mr. Sherman. Dr. McNally is coming close.    Mr. Sherman. Um-hum.    Mr. Sherman. Um-hum.    Mr. Sherman. Yeah.    Mr. Sherman. So the technology--it's interesting because in nuclear weapons there's two components. One is weaponizing the highly enriched uranium, which turns out to be the easy part. It seems the most dangerous. Oh, my God, you're going to turn it into a nuclear weapon. The real hard part and the decider as to which countries have nuclear weapons technology is the ability to enrich uranium.    Mr. Sherman. If I--it seems like what you're describing is a situation where the roadmap to what genes do--have what characteristics is the hard part and the part that will determine and the actual snipping and replacing and editing, you guys have that down.    I yield back.