    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman, and I want to first thank each of the panelists for their service and for talking about this important issue, and Mr. Casado, I want to highlight that you graduated from Stanford University in the Bay Area and also that you began your career at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, which is in my Congressional district, and so I'm honored to represent the folks there as well as Sandia National Laboratory, and many of them are working on this issue.    And Mr. Casado, your solution for cybersecurity is to wall off certain segments of one's network in order to prevent cyber intruders who have penetrated outer defenses from gaining access to particularly sensitive information. You argue that such new approaches are already the gold standard for commercial industry and need to become the gold standard across the federal government. How much time and resources would it take for the federal government to do this, and are the costs worth the benefits?    Mr. Swalwell. Great. And just for all of the witnesses, following up on Mr. LaHood's question earlier, as a former prosecutor I too am quite frustrated that it seems that individuals are able to attack networks and individuals with relative little punishment, and I understand the challenges if these attacks are originating in Russia, Ukraine or from state actors, but for non-state actors, I'm just wondering, what could we do internationally to maybe have an accord or an agreement where we could make sure that we bring people to justice?    I remember I asked a high-ranking cybersecurity official at one of our laboratories, naively, I guess, you know, well, are we going after these individuals, and this person kind of laughed, not being rude but just saying we're not going after them, we're just trying to defend against what they're doing, and I agree with Mr. LaHood that until people start, you know, paying a stiff price, I don't know if this is going to change. And I know as a prosecutor, putting together a case like this is very, very difficult, just the chain of evidence and, you know, proving whose fingertips were touching the keys to carry out an attack can be difficult, but what more can we do internationally? Yes, Mr. Wood?    Mr. Swalwell. Great. Thank you, Mr. Wood. Thank you all for your service on this issue, and I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and I now recognize Mr. Westerman.