    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``Midnight Regulations: Examining Executive Branch Overreach.'' I'll recognize myself for five minutes and then the Ranking Member for her opening statement.    President Obama has rushed through many costly and burdensome regulations over the last seven years. These include the ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards, the Waters of the United States, and the Clean Power Plan. The Obama Administration shows no signs of slowing down and no doubt will continue to pursue its partisan and extreme agenda, regardless of the price to the American people.    The speed at which these regulations are being finalized provide little certainty that these rules are based on a sound and transparent review of the underlying scientific data and analysis. The President's regulatory overreach will cost billions of dollars, cause financial hardship for American families, and diminish the competitiveness of American employers, all with no significant benefit to climate change, public health, or the economy.    According to the American Action Forum, regulatory costs topped $197 billion in 2015. This is a cost of over $600 for every American citizen. From 2016 alone, the Obama Administration has proposed another $98 billion in regulatory costs. According to AAF's analysis, my home State of Texas is one of the hardest hit by these burdensome regulations.    Despite heavy and growing public opposition to these proposals, the Obama Administration is actively willing to commit the United States to costly new regulations that will do nothing to improve the environment but will negatively impact economic growth. The Clean Power Plan and the Waters of the United States rule are just more of the EPA's attempts to expand its jurisdiction and increase its control over Americans. Congress voted against these rules through the Congressional Review Act last month. And the governors of most states continue to challenge overreaching regulations in court.    Yesterday, the Supreme Court blocked the Administration's rules to limit greenhouse gas emissions from power plants. The Court's ruling confirms that this rule overreaches EPA's authority.    But nothing seems to deter President Obama from achieving his extreme and unconstitutional climate agenda. Now, in an attempt to solidify his legacy before he leaves office, the President plans to rush through even more regulations. In the past year, the Department of Energy proposed 15 new energy efficiency standards, compared with just five energy efficiency standards proposed between 2009 and 2012. The DOE now works to issue costly energy efficiency rules on everything from household appliances to vending machines, including ceiling fans, air-conditioning and heating equipment, and residential boilers.    We should all be concerned about the process the EPA uses to reach their regulatory conclusions. The agency rushes to enact environmental regulations without thorough, public review of the data used to justify these rules. This hearing provides yet another example of why legislation like the Secret Science Reform Act and the Science Advisory Board Reform Act are important checks on regulatory overreach. We should require more fairness, transparency, and public engagement in the rulemaking process. The President should not rush scientific analysis to appease his political supporters.    We all support energy efficiency and a clean environment. The air we breathe is significantly cleaner and will continue to improve due to the development of new technologies. Basic research and development will continue to lead the way to energy solutions. This research should be allowed to mature so the private sector can transition new technologies into the market before the federal government sets new energy efficiency and environmental standards. There may be serious economic consequences if the EPA and the DOE rush forward with these proposed regulations. The cost is certain but the benefits are not.    Today's witnesses will discuss how regulatory burdens fall disproportionately upon small businesses and negatively impact economic productivity. Small businesses, like individual Americans, ultimately pay for these regulations. Higher prices for goods and services, combined with reduced economic activity, hinder private sector innovation and cause businesses to struggle to stay open.    These proposed regulations will have an even greater adverse impact on those who live on fixed incomes, such as the elderly and the poor, who are the most vulnerable to increases in the price for basic necessities like electricity and heat. More should be done to hold this Administration accountable. We must cut regulatory red tape and put America back on a path to growth and prosperity.    For this reason, I am pleased that the Speaker has selected the Science Committee to help lead a taskforce to reduce costly and unnecessary regulatory burdens. Rushed regulations in a President's last year are bad for the American economy and the American people. We can't afford to rush through regulations with little substantive environmental benefit and heavy costs to our economy.    Chairman Smith. That concludes my opening statement. And the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, is recognized for hers.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    This hearing is unfortunately not a surprise. It fits a clear and constant and consistent pattern on this committee, one that ignores the important work that actually falls under the Committee's jurisdiction and instead attacks the Federal Government's legitimate and necessary role in helping to ensure that the citizens of the Nation are protected from public health threats and environmental dangers.    It may be fruitless to remind us of this, Mr. Chairman, but the Committee has little if no jurisdiction over the regulations likely to be discussed today. And, while you and your colleagues may disagree with me, I think our time would be better spent on hearings that advance the Nation's research, innovation, and manufacturing enterprises.    Nevertheless, today, we will undoubtedly hear again the same tired rhetoric from the majority dismissing the need and value of regulations. The notion that Federal regulations are not necessary because private industry would never harm the financial interests or health of the public is simply false. Federal regulations protect us from public health hazards, and our children from unsafe products, communities from environmental dangers, and families from financial collapse. Federal regulations have played an important role in curbing the tobacco industry's past practices of marketing their knowingly harmful products to children, and Wall Street investment practices led to the 2008 financial crisis with dire economic consequences for millions of Americans.    Federal regulations are not necessary or appropriate in every instance or for every issue. However, I believe they are a critical tool in many instances in helping to improve our health, make our children safer, and prevent deadly disasters. For example, the lead contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan, is a clear example of the need for rigorous implementation of federal regulations and standards, not pulling back.    Similarly, an ongoing massive methane gas leak in California is continuing to foul the environment and endanger the safety of the public's health. No federal regulation currently addresses the identification or repair of methane gas leaks across this country, but perhaps federal regulations could have helped prevent the Southern California Gas Company's leak or the 1,724 significant natural gas incidents that have claimed the lives of 79 people and injured 396 others between 2010 and 2015.    I believe that the regulations proposed by this Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Interior to help detect and repair of methane leaks are a positive first step. I hope we can agree that issues like the methane gas leak in California should be thoroughly investigated to identify measures to prevent them from occurring in the future.    That is why I am asking GAO, the Government Accountability Office, to investigate the Southern California Gas Company leak where the continuing release of methane has forced thousands from their homes and posed a significant threat to public health. There are serious unanswered questions surrounding this leak and the safety and operation of these pipelines in general, which are far more worthy of this committee's time and consideration than today's hearing.    In particular, this committee has a role to play in the technical standards and pipeline safety research governing the country's natural gas infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, I hope you will join me in requesting this review.    In closing, I look forward to the day when this Congress and this committee will step back from its counterproductive opposition to efforts by EPA and DOE and other federal agencies who are just trying to carry out their statutorily mandated missions. They may not always get everything exactly right, nor do we, but trying to prevent them from doing their job at all is not a good use of our time. Instead of seeking to score political points by undermining their important work, we should come together in a productive way to advance our economy, a cleaner environment, and a healthier public.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Without objection, that will be part of the record.    Chairman Smith. And I thank you----    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much. And I must say that I will be departing the Committee for a markup in another committee.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    Let me introduce our witnesses today. And our first one is Ms. Karen Kerrigan, President and CEO of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council. Ms. Kerrigan's leadership and advocacy for nearly a quarter of a century have helped foster U.S. entrepreneurship and global small business growth. She has been appointed to numerous federal advisory boards, including the National Women's Business Council. In addition, she is a founding member of the World Entrepreneurship Forum and is a board member of the Center for International Private Enterprise. In 2009, Ms. Kerrigan was awarded the Small Business Advocate of the Year by the New York Enterprise Report. Ms. Kerrigan received her bachelor's degree in political science from the State University of New York System.    I will now yield to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Weber, to introduce our next witness, Mr. Jerry Bosworth.    Chairman Smith. Waiting for that.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Weber.    Our next witness is Ms. Kateri Callahan, President of the Alliance to Save Energy. Ms. Callahan also serves as a board member for the Keystone Energy Board and the Business Council for Sustainable Energy. She also serves on advisory councils to the U.C. Davis Policy Institute on Energy, Environment, and the Economy; and Duke University's Center for Energy Development and the Global Environment. Prior to joining the Alliance, Ms. Callahan served as the President of the Electric Drive Transportation Association. She received her bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Louisville.    Our final witness is Mr. Sam Batkins, Director of Regulatory Policy at the American Action Forum. Mr. Batkins focuses his research on examining the rulemaking efforts of administrative agencies in Congress. His work has appeared in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Hill, Reuters, and the Washington Post, among other publications. Prior to joining the forum, Mr. Batkins worked at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Institute for Legal Reform, and the National Taxpayers Union. Mr. Batkins received his bachelor's degree in political science from the University of the South and his law degree from Catholic University.    We welcome you all, look forward to your testimony. And, Ms. Kerrigan, if you'll begin.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Kerrigan.    And, Mr. Bosworth.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Bosworth.    And, Ms. Callahan.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Callahan.    And, Mr. Batkins.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Batkins.    Ms. Kerrigan, let me address a question to you but at the outset point out, as I mentioned in my opening statement, that in 2015 the President proposed 15 different energy regulations. In the three-year period prior to that, he proposed only five. So that means that last year, the rate of energy regulations was about nine times what it had been in the previous three years. No telling what it's going to be in 2016 if that trend continues. But what is the impact of all these regulations on two discrete groups: small business and the economy?    Turn on your mike. Yes.    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Kerrigan.    Mr. Batkins, you have heard today and we've heard the Administration say that somehow all these regulations are good for the economy. What's the response to that assertion?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Mr. Batkins, last question. What can we do to make the regulatory process more transparent, more honest?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Batkins.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, is recognized for his questions.    And let me say I'm going to need to excuse myself for a few minutes but will catch up on the gentleman's questions later on.