    Dr. Nield. Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen----    Dr. Nield. Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, and distinguished members of the subcommittee----    Dr. Nield. Thank you. Chairman LoBiondo----    Dr. Nield . Ranking Member Larsen, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you this morning about the FAA's oversight of commercial space transportation. In my testimony today, I will briefly describe the FAA's responsibilities, discuss recent developments in commercial space transportation, and identify some of our key challenges.    The FAA has exercised oversight of commercial space transportation since 1995 when the Office of Commercial Space Transportation was established as one of the FAA's lines of business. Our mission is to protect the public safety, safety of property, and national security and foreign policy interests of the United States during commercial launch and reentry activities and to encourage, facilitate, and promote U.S. commercial space transportation.    This dual mission is an important part of our culture. Although the FAA has licensed or permitted 290 launches to date, there have never been any fatalities, serious injuries, or significant property damage to the general public.    This is an exciting time for commercial space. Following the retirement of the space shuttle, SpaceX and Orbital ATK have been delivering food, clothes, and scientific equipment to our astronauts on board the International Space Station as part of the commercial cargo program. Separately, Boeing and SpaceX have been awarded contracts under the commercial crew program to take American astronauts to the ISS beginning as early as 2017. Although these are NASA contracts, the FAA is a critical partner in both programs.    We are also starting to see some very impressive advances in technology. Blue Origin has demonstrated that it can launch and land the same rocket numerous times on suborbital flights. SpaceX has shown that it can deliver satellites to orbit and then successfully recover the first stages of its rockets, touching down either on land or on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. These are incredible achievements that demonstrate both the engineering prowess and the capability for innovation that are hallmarks of American industry.    One of the key challenges that we are facing today involves new and nontraditional space operations. Currently, the FAA licenses commercial launches and reentries, but does not regulate activities in orbit or beyond. For example, if a company wanted to launch a payload to the moon, the FAA would license the launch but not what happens on the lunar surface. However, article VI of the Outer Space Treaty requires the Government to authorize and continuously supervise all nongovernmental activities in space.    Last fall, Congress directed the Office of Science and Technology Policy to develop a process to address this issue.    After extensive discussions, both within the interagency community and with industry, a plan was developed and has now been forwarded to Congress. Under the recommended legislative proposal, the FAA would be able to grant mission authorizations, consistent with the international obligations, foreign policy, and national security interests of the United States.    A second challenge concerns how best to deal with the growing problem of orbital debris. To operate safely in space, operators must know where their systems are and when they have a possibility of colliding with other objects. Currently, the Department of Defense collects space surveillance data and sends out collision warnings when needed. Congress directed the Secretary of Transportation, in concurrence with the Department of Defense, to provide a report on the feasibility of a civil agency taking on this responsibility. We hope to provide this report to Congress soon.    Finally, as the commercial space transportation industry continues to grow, we must ensure that we maintain our ability to keep pace. The FAA appreciates that the Appropriations Committees have so far provided the full fiscal year 2017 appropriations request for our office. This funding is critical to the work that we are doing, and we are grateful for your continuing guidance and support.    In closing, I would like to recognize my predecessor, the late Patti Grace Smith who passed away just a few weeks ago. A true visionary, Patti once observed, ``Space is an attitude. It is a set of capabilities, an acceptance of risk-taking activities to uncover potential breakthroughs and endless possibilities. That is precisely why we love it.''    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared remarks. I would be pleased to answer any questions that you may have.    Dr. Nield. Our understanding of the current law is that there is a moratorium in place, the learning period which lasts until 2023, and that specifically is intended to prevent the FAA from issuing regulations that are designed to ensure the safety of the flight crew or spaceflight participants. So we believe that would preclude us from issuing new regulations.    Now, we certainly can work with industry on voluntary consensus standards, and that is what we are planning to do.    Dr. Nield. We very much believe that we are the right people to do this. Although I respect the fact that different people have different opinions, I believe that the dual mandate to ensure public safety and to encourage, facilitate, and promote the industry, and--based on the instructions in the law--to regulate only to the extent necessary to meet international obligations, public safety, foreign policy, and national security interests of the U.S., is the right calibration for us. We are strongly interested in seeing not only safe, but also successful operations by the industry.    We believe we are doing a good job of that and certainly encourage you to continue to interact with industry to see if they agree with that assessment. We believe we can meet that dual mandate, ensuring public safety and continuing to support the great innovation.    Dr. Nield. Thank you for that question. I think an important part of that is exactly what do we mean by the terminology, and so let me explain how we interpret that phrase, ``encourage, facilitate, and promote,'' by saying what it is not. It is not favoring one company over another. It is not cutting corners. It is not compromising when it comes to public safety. In fact, we do have that perfect safety record with 290 licensed or permitted activities.    Dr. Nield. Which is the job that Congress has given to us.    Dr. Nield. My understanding is both of those numbers are inflation adjusted. I could be incorrect about that but----    Dr. Nield. Yes, it does. We calculate a separate maximum probable loss for each vehicle, each location, and as long as it is less than that cap of $500 million, then that is the number in terms of how much insurance needs to be purchased.    Dr. Nield. That is the general principle, although I think it is important to recognize that it is a conditional payment of excess third-party claims. It is not a guarantee. Congress would need to be persuaded that payment is the appropriate thing to do to reimburse the third parties that have suffered under that condition.    Dr. Nield. There is a bit of a dichotomy. It was mentioned previously that we are currently relying on the Russians to take our astronauts to the International Space Station, although industry is working hard to bring that capability back to the U.S.    But in terms of commercial space transportation specifically, including suborbital spaceflight, the U.S. is far and away in the lead right now. That is because of the creativity and innovation of our American industry, and also, frankly, I believe because of the proactive way that we have set up a regulatory framework that lets everyone know what is expected, what the rules are going to be. You can factor that into your planning, and you can proceed under an informed consent regime as opposed to insisting upon zero risk. That is a different environment than any other country has put into place.    Dr. Nield. Thank you for that question. My understanding is that indemnification is something that is very important to industry in terms of being internationally competitive. Most other nations have a much more supportive environment in terms of an indemnification regime. The other thing to remember is that in that period of time, the 28 years, the U.S. regime has never resulted in the cost of a single dime to the taxpayers because of the safety culture and the structure that we have set up. So, it is working well, in our opinion.    Dr. Nield. Congress has decided to extend this moratorium until 2023. In the ideal world, though, I think we should be working right now to set up what the permanent framework looks like. If that was done appropriately with, for example, a top level regulatory structure where the details of exactly what you have to do is based on industry-developed consensus standards, then I think you would have the best of both worlds. Because you would have the Government oversight, and you would have a permanent regime that everyone can count on. The details of what is required would be developed by the people who know it--who have built, designed, and are operating these systems. So to the extent that we can encourage progress along that approach, I think that would be the best of all worlds.    Dr. Nield. Yes, I would just point out that the FAA has a strategic initiative that is intended to integrate commercial space activities with other users of the National Airspace System. That includes UAS flights as well as commercial space launch and reentry. We are trying to make sure that you can operate both kinds of systems without negatively impacting others. We have been working very closely with the Air Traffic Organization for what is happening today, and with the NextGen office, including the FAA technical center, for what we want to happen tomorrow.    Based on that close collaboration and the research that we are doing right now, I feel pretty confident that we will be able to continue that relationship, regardless of what Congress decides to do on the future of the ATO.    Dr. Nield. I am confident that we can make it work whichever way Congress decides to proceed.    Dr. Nield. Yes. Our current launch and reentry activities require us to work very, very closely with the Air Traffic Organization. We engage them from the very start. When someone comes in and wants a launch license, part of that license is the requirement for a letter of agreement between the operator and the ATO on responsibilities relative to deciding what days, what times, and what conditions those activities can take place. Closer to the launch, the agency is putting out notices to airmen and notices to mariners 48 hours ahead of time. As appropriate, the agency would either implement the flight under restricted areas or have temporary flight restrictions to ensure that the launch or reentry does not negatively impact any of the existing air traffic. So, it is a continuing process and it is working very well.    In the future, we want to try to automate that process so it is not such a manual process with telephone calls and typing in data on the keyboard. Rather, we can take realtime data and have that directly show up on the air traffic controllers' screens.