    Mr. Roggio. Thank you, sir. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Members Sherman and Keating, and the rest of the committees, thank you very much for having us here today to talk about this extremely important issue.    You properly asked the question of whether Pakistan is a friend or a foe, and unequivocally the answer is a foe. Pakistan may combat some groups that threaten it--movement of the Taliban in Pakistan, Islamic movement in Uzbekistan, groups like that that are fighting the Pakistani State. However, they support numerous terrorist organizations, organizations that are listed by the U.S. Government as foreign terrorist organizations.    In my testimony, I list six and give a brief description of the activities, but we can list dozens or scores of groups that Pakistan supports in India, in Afghanistan, groups that are designated terrorist organizations, groups that provide aid and support for al-Qaeda, groups whose leaders serve as the deep bench for al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups when their leadership is winnowed down via drone strikes by the U.S. and Pakistan's tribal areas.    Again, the evidence is indisputable. Just this weekend, the Indians killed a Kashmiri terrorist who is a member of Hizb-ul-Mujahideen. This is a nasty terrorist organization. And, Pakistan, did they welcome this killing? No. In fact, they denounced it and referred to him as a Kashmiri separatist. This is an individual who recruits online for holy war and is recruiting youth and poisoning the youth to conduct terrorist attacks.    And lest we pretend that, well, this has just been in Pakistan an issue with Pakistan and Kashmir, it is not. These Kashmiri terrorist groups that have been aided by the Pakistani State base themselves in Afghanistan. I could list groups--Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, Harakat-ul-Mujahideen, who the State Department said as recently as 2014 is running training camps inside Afghanistan.    These groups are attacking and killing U.S. soldiers, and I haven't even touched on groups like the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, or the Mullah Nazir Group. These are just small groups. I concur--and for the interest of brevity and time--Ambassador Khalilzad's statements on the Afghan Taliban, Haqqani Network, I concur with 100 percent.    What the Pakistanis are doing, they are playing a fantastic shell game. They have this narrative called good Taliban versus bad Taliban. The good Taliban is any group that the Pakistani likes, and those are groups that don't attack the Pakistani State. These are groups that carry out Pakistan's foreign policy--Haqqani Network, Afghan Taliban, Mullah Nazir Group.    And then, even the Pakistan press referred to this, groups like Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, Hizb-ul-Mujahideen, Harakat-ul-Mujahideen--again, I could go down the list. They are considered ``good Taliban'' as well. And the bad Taliban, they are the ones that fight the Pakistani State. They are the ones being targeted in the Shawal Valley, in North Waziristan. When the Pakistanis go after these groups, they pretend that they are going after the Haqqani Network or the Mullah Nazir Group or the Afghan Taliban, but they are not.    The Pakistanis haven't named a single high, mid-level, or low-level leader killed in one of these operations, because they haven't killed any of them. They haven't captured any of them, although they are selectively targeting in the interest of the Pakistani State.    As a matter of fact, this narrative of the good Taliban versus bad Taliban, my Web site, Long War Journal, has been banned in Pakistan for 4 years because we have reported on this narrative, and it has been an issue that I have not let go of, and we are banned because Pakistan has a history of killing individuals that expose these types of situations.    Syed Shahzad was brutally executed by the ISI for his reporting on links between Pakistan's Intelligence Service and al-Qaeda, and attacks that were occurring within Pakistan. You know, Pakistan is not going to change its calculus. These groups that they support, they are doing this because they feel it is their best chance in countering India, and that is why they support them.    I also believe there is an ideological aspect within large elements within the military and intelligence services as well, and this is being reported on. So you have this confluence of it helps their policy in India, as well as they get the ideological, you know, radical jihadist support as well.    These groups are strategic depth for Afghanistan in case it has to go to war, and it uses them in Afghanistan--I am sorry, strategic depth within Pakistan against India, and it uses these groups also to conduct its policy inside of Afghanistan to target and kill U.S. forces and allied forces.    We have to change our calculus if Pakistan won't change theirs, and I concur with Ambassador Khalilzad's statements we need to--I believe all funding should stop. We should put a brake on the situation until we can really get a handle on it. Money is fungible. If we are funding Pakistani education, they can fund Pakistani militants with the money they are saving.    We have to consider sanctions. We have to consider the possibility of state sponsorship of terrorism. Do we limit or cut off trade with Pakistan? Do we restrict Pakistani's travel to the United States, cut off visas, student visas? All of these options should be on the table, unless Pakistan changes its habits and its--we have been enabling the Pakistani State for 15 years now, nothing has changed, and it has only gotten worse.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Roggio. Yes, just quickly. I mean, I think with the F-16 sales, I mean, obviously, someone is going to make money off of that, and there is a lobby in Congress, of course, to push sales through like that. No secret.    But I also think that a lot of people in the case of the aid that is going to Pakistan do think that it is going to do good. But the reality is is the Pakistani madrassas are still cranking out thousands upon thousands of potential jihadists, who are going to join the Taliban or any of these other so-called good militant groups, good Taliban groups.    So whatever we are providing, it is not working. It is not changing Pakistani society. It is not changing Pakistani education. So I think there certainly is--I understand that we think we are doing good, but in the end, as you said, they are treating us like chumps. They recognize it, and we are more than willing to keep handing out money to Pakistan, so why wouldn't they take it?    Mr. Roggio. Absolutely not. Look, he is being held in order to punish the United States for what we did to kill Osama bin Laden. By all rights, he should be a hero in Pakistan, as he is here, and he is being held to punish us, to punish him, and to send a message to any other Pakistani willing to help us that, if you go ahead and do this, this is your fate. Honestly, I am surprised he is alive.    Mr. Roggio. Yes, absolutely. As a matter of fact, I would say F-16s or high advanced fighter planes are overkill in conducting counterinsurgency operations, low-tech planes that could loiter over the battlefield and deliver munitions.    Mr. Roggio. It is not the right choice. We use aircraft like this in Iraq and Afghanistan because it is what we have and what we know. But there is certainly a lot better options available.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Sorry. If I might add, if they would arrest first Jalaluddin Haqqani, that would be an indication that they are serious about going after the Haqqani Network.    Mr. Roggio. Yes. I concur. It is an arm of the Pakistani military. It is executing the will of the Pakistani military, which is indeed the Pakistani State. The government is really just the face of the Pakistani military.    Ambassador Khalilzad. I concur with my colleagues.