    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, thank you for the hearing, a very, very important one.    Mr. Larsen, you opened the issue of registration, and Mr. Farenthold picked it up, and I am--he mentioned picking up his smart phone at Amazon. It is registered. And most everything you buy today is registered, at least back to the manufacturer, in some way or another. It seems to me we don't need a Government registration program, but we need the Government to be able to access the registration program that the manufacturers probably already have.    It would be very simple to do that. Of course, we could spend several years trying to write a regulation to accomplish that, which is probably what we will do, because that is our specialty. Why don't we just simply say, ``All of these UAS must be registered, held by the manufacturer or the seller of that, and the Government has the ability to access that under circumstances relating to an accident or some other incident''? Fairly simple, but probably far too simple for our normal workaround here.    The question was just raised about airspace at an airport. You know, we can go back and forth with trying to find what geofencing is, and wait 20 years for some sort of technology to actually work, or we can simply say, ``Hey, if you are flying this UAS near a significant airport, a hub airport or a sub-hub airport, you are violating the law, and you are subject to a fine or even jail time. And, by the way, if you are flying near an active fire, you are subject to a fine and jail time.'' Now, that would immediately educate everybody involved in this sport or commercial activity.    Now, the other way around is study, study, study, which is the specialty of the Government, or those who don't want any interference by anybody.    So, anyway, I propose legislation introduced now, today--actually, yesterday--that simply says if you are flying a UAS within 2 miles of a significant airport, you are breaking the law, and you are subject to 1 year in jail and a significant fine. And if you are flying near an active fire, you are breaking the law and you are subject to 1 year in jail. Now, that is a pretty clear message.    So, Mr. Hubbard, what do you think of that, since you tend to fight fires?    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Canoll, Captain?    Mr. Garamendi. How about our little hobbyist?    Mr. Garamendi. Referring to the machines.    Mr. Garamendi. Well, I will see that you have it in a few moments.    You know, we get really tied up in details here. And, in the meantime, as one or two of my colleagues have said, a time is going to pass, and the accident is going to happen. I will say the incident is going to happen; not sure it is an accident. But the incident is going to happen. We know that, in California, we have had numerous fires. We have also known in California that we are now facing a situation where those fires have expanded, as a result of drones shutting down the aerial operations. And we also had more than enough incidents in the airspace around airports, as was testified to.    So, I think it is time for us simply to lay down a marker here, and say, ``If you are operating a UAS in these spaces, you are violating the law, and you are subject to a severe penalty.'' Now, that is the kind of education program that somebody might pay attention to. And if your grandchildren happen to be near that runway, and they are flying their little UAS that you kindly bought them that is somehow interfering with the approach of the captain into Atlanta airport, I am sorry, but the kid is breaking the law. And, as the responsible adult, you should also be held accountable, because we are talking about serious, very serious potential problems.    Yield back my time, and I will deliver a copy of the legislation to you.