    Ms. Alexenko. Thank you, Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Members of the Committee. I cannot tell you how honored and humbled I am to be here today before you speaking and sharing my testimony. I'm here, of course, representing myself, but I also bring with me the strength and determination of so many survivors of sexual assault who are aware I am here speaking before you today, and we all ask the same thing, and that is please use our cases as a cautionary tale so that we can end this violence and to use anything that we can to make our country a safer place.    I'm a survivor of sexual assault. At 20 years old I was raped, robbed, and sodomized at gunpoint by an unknown assailant. It was devastating. Not only did it devastate me, but it changed my life forever. It affected my mother, the individuals that lived in my apartment building, my future friends. It basically completely altered the course of my life.    I submitted to a rape kit test, which is basically a very invasive gynecological exam. I knew that it was my duty as a citizen to aid law enforcement in any way that I could to put this perpetrator behind bars. Unbeknownst to me, my rape kit sat collecting dust for 9\1/2\ years, along with 17,000 other rape kits in New York City. And we know now this is just the tip of the iceberg, certainly a situation that's occurring throughout the Nation.    But what happened in the nearly 15 years before the man that raped and robbed me, Victor Rondon, was caught, when his profile was finally, after nearly 15 years, uploaded to CODIS and a match was made to the DNA in my rape kit, this man was a mobile serial predator. He committed a variety of crimes. He wasn't a specialist. He didn't stick to sexual assault. He was as burden on law enforcement, on human dignity, he was a burden on taxpayers, all because we did not catch him in time.    And essentially this story remains true for the same of all my other survivors that I know, and that is criminals are exploiting us in more ways than one, and serial predators move to avoid, using our time delay as a weakness. They are using our time delay to get away with things. Victor Rondon committed crimes in eight different States across this country and created a host of victims in his wake. He's currently behind bars, thanks to the dedication of law enforcement, and I'm proud to have been the complaining witness and testify against him. But I will let you know that after all those years, even 15 years later, the first time I saw Victor Rondon in all that time, I fainted at the sight of him, because to a survivor time has many meanings. It stands still in one way, and 30 days can seem like a very long time.    I feel like public safety should always take priority. I feel that we have a way to eliminate a lot of the crimes that are occurring. I feel, again, that if you don't take my tale as a cautionary tale, then it was all for nothing. It's so important for me to share my story. It's not easy. It's not easy to stand here and talk about the fact that I was raped, robbed, and sodomized, not a story that I enjoy telling, but if it helps take one perpetrator off the street, then it's certainly worth it.    Now, of course I'm not a law enforcement professional, I'm not a scientist, and I do not possess a law degree, and I cannot speak specifically to the language in this provision. But what I can tell you as a survivor is DNA testing is essential and that time matters. For nearly 15 years I was on a constant state of high alert knowing that this violent criminal was walking the streets. And I have to tell you that I faced a lot of guilt thinking that I didn't 100 percent do my part for the citizens of this country to find this perpetrator and put him way.    Today I'm here to talk about the other side of the DNA Database system and crucial new technologies that may reduce the amount of time needed to bring answers to victims of crime and safety to the citizens of this country. I hope that you will take this seriously. I have complete faith in the FBI, and I know that their testing methodology is stringent. We have to respect this technology. But it's important to implement methods that will no longer delay justice.    I thank you for your time, and, once again, I am very honored to be here today.    Ms. Alexenko. You know, I really have come to a recent moment of clarity, and really the rape kit backlog is really a symptom of a bigger disease. And certainly we're making progress. There's just been so much--the reauthorization of Debbie Smith, the 41 million--I mean, it is amazing the commitment our leaders are showing with different legislation.    We still have a long way to go. I think that a lot more understanding needs to be made on criminals, on how important it is to get these rape kits tested. And I think it really needs a shift, a paradigm shift, in the understanding of the necessity of this technology.    Ms. Alexenko. Certainly I think that it's a step in a good direction. I don't necessarily think that this is going to solve the rape kit backlog per se. But as was mentioned earlier, I mean, we have an opportunity to quickly identify someone, an offender's DNA very quickly, and I think that is so important. In my case it took 15 years for someone to upload my perpetrator's DNA. Rapid gives us the ability as they are housed to immediately, as was mentioned earlier, instead of going to a laboratory, you get that result immediately up into CODIS and see if there's a match.    Ms. Alexenko. So I think it's important.    Ms. Alexenko. Well, certainly I think things are different now, but I didn't discover until 2003, and I just, frankly, didn't understand it. I was running under the assumption that, of course, my rape kit was tested.    Ms. Alexenko. The prosecutor in the Manhattan County Attorney's Office called me and told me: We're testing your kit.    Ms. Alexenko. It was 9\1/2\ years.    Ms. Alexenko. So basically to stop the clock on the statute of limitations, we had to do a John Doe indictment on the DNA.    Ms. Alexenko. Many times, yes.    Ms. Alexenko. Absolutely, absolutely.    Ms. Alexenko. Well, at present we've been saying 30 days, within 30 days, but to be frank with you, it's been way too long that we've been saying 30 days.    Ms. Alexenko. I really feel the turnaround time needs to be expedited. It's too long to wait. A criminal can certainly flee the area, flee the State. And in some cases, if they go from one State to another, they may as well have gone to another country, there's that little communication between the States.    So the sooner the better. I would like to see an ideal world, I don't know if everyone will agree with me, where it's like a quick turnaround time, 1 day. Why not?