    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and, General, thank you for being here and your staff and to the Chief Master Sergeant, congrats. It is a good feeling when you know you are going to retire. This is my last year, too, so it is a good thing.    And I think you hit on it particularly, you know, we talk about the rebalance to the Pacific but right now what is going on in Europe and we are looking at, you know, prepositioning forces there but trying to surge people there. You know, without maritime lift capacity, my sons that are all in the Army are going to be kind of hard-pressed just because you can't put a Paladin or an Abrams--you can't carry very many on an aircraft. But you sure as heck can on a ship.    You mentioned 78 ships. What do you think the realistic--or what numbers should we really be striving to get to to be able to meet the surge command, you know, possibilities that we may have to face in the future?    General McDew. You are right, Congressman Nugent.    On the ability to provide that decisive force, your sons in the Army want ships to be able to do that. The 60 ships that we have in the Maritime Security Program provide us that ability to have capacity in the time of need.    What we owe is a continual look at what those numbers look like, and we work with MARAD who really runs that program for us to see what the industry will allow and what portion of the industry we can have in the program.    Will we need all the ships in the program? Maybe not. But we need enough in the program to move those critical pieces of equipment. There are some that believe that we can rely on nations around the world to help us. And maybe we can, but history has shown us that--and the law tells us--that we must be able to move those critical components with our own indigenous forces. And so that is what the 60 gives us and I am willing to continue to work with MARAD and the services to ensure that we have what--the right capacity going forward.    Mr. Nugent. Okay, so you really didn't answer the question. I am sorry, General, but I was trying to get at, what do you think the force should look at? I understand, you know, the 60 and the 78, but where do you think we should be striving to get to as we look forward in regards for this committee and regards to appropriations in the future?    General McDew. Sorry for----    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    General McDew . Kind of skating a little.    I don't have an actual number in mind but the team right now is--we got--we have a mobility review coming up in the fall that will try to get after those numbers. I am concerned that we may need additional numbers only because we have had free movement through the oceans for the last few conflicts. We have not had to worry about attrition and we have not had to worry about access to ports and those threats that now can put the 60 ships in jeopardy.    So 60, although provides the amount of capacity we will need, will also provide the insurance against attrition.    Mr. Nugent. Right.    General McDew. And so those--that study--that exercise we are going to do in the fall is going to try to get after some of those numbers. I don't have an actual number----    Mr. Nugent. Okay, I appreciate your candor on that.    We talk about sealift but then we also need to talk about the ability to get our troops into theater, and I know the Air Force has limited capacity and so we rely upon our civilian fleet to do that.    My concern is that we are starting--correct me if I am wrong--that we have started to depend upon foreign aircraft or transportation for our troops and, you know, my kids have flown on a number of different service-provided aircraft to get to Afghanistan and to Iraq.    Is that true that we are having to rely upon foreign aircraft carriers or aircraft?    General McDew. I would never say never but we have a very robust Civil Reserve Air Fleet----    Mr. Nugent. Right.    General McDew . That is U.S. air carriers.    Mr. Nugent. Right.    General McDew. A very robust industry and we have been using them to the max extent possible. There are some probably subcontracts that may be going on out there inside of the CRAF program----    Mr. Nugent. Right.    General McDew . That we may be using to augment that capability. But I don't believe that there is any lack of capacity in our craft program right now that we ought to be concerned about.    Mr. Nugent. So is that a problem for us, so if they subcontract--if an American carrier subcontracts to a non-U.S. carrier that is not certified as CRAF.    General McDew. They will not necessarily be certified as CRAF but they have their own certifications in order to be part of our program. In order to be used by that as a subcontractor, they have to meet certain criteria. I don't have it off the top of my head right now but I am not concerned about the carriers that are being used in the system today.    Mr. Nugent. Okay, because I do--like I said, I have three sons that are in the military, in the Army, and I want to make sure that when they are transported--not my sons, alone--but all of our sons and daughters that get put in a theater that we make sure that their ride there is as risk-free as possible. So I appreciate it.    General McDew. The vast majority is done----    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    General McDew . On U.S. carriers as part of our CRAF program. And it is rare that we will use otherwise. And so I would have to look at those circumstances.    Mr. Nugent. I appreciate that, General, and Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.