    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you both for what you do for our country, General Votel, for your service. I really appreciate that.    Let me ask, drill down on a particular issue that another Congresswoman, Gwen Graham, and I have worked on. In last year's fiscal year 2016 NDAA we were able to, with the help of the rest of the committee and the rest of Congress, obtain money for Israel to do tunnel detection and research and development so as to detect and map and defeat tunnels.    And this is a joint program because our country can benefit from this also. And $40 million was authorized and appropriated. And I know that CTTSO, the Counter Combatting Terrorism and Technical Support Office, is playing a role in this along with JITDA, the Joint Improvised Threat Defeat Agency.    So how are things going? And what progress are we making? And what kind of feedback can you give us on this particular narrow, but important subject?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. And, General, do you have anything to add to that?    General Votel. I think Ms. Whelan has pretty comprehensively covered that. I would just tell you we are the beneficiaries of the great work that is done at CTTSO and the great programs like this that CTTSO provides oversight for.    And I can tell you we watch very carefully that type of stuff. The subterranean aspect of the threat is one we have to pay attention to as well. Not just for terrorism, but for some of our other mission areas. And so this is all very good, good work that we think will benefit us as well.    Mr. Lamborn. Well, that is wonderful. I think you guys are doing a great job in helping push this forward with our Israeli allies.    Now changing subjects entirely, talk about the tragic subject of suicide. I know that that is an issue with special forces folks that sometimes come back with hidden injuries. What can you tell us about progress that we are making there in the special forces in particular?    General Votel. Yes. Thanks. First of all thanks for the questions.    And then let me just say it up front, the support that we have gotten from the committee and from Congress in general for a number of pilot programs and other programs related to our Preservation of Force and Family have been extraordinarily well received by our service members and their families. And so I thank you for the continued support.    What I can tell you about suicides is that over the last 4 years we have seen a 33 percent decline in the number of suicides. We track them very closely. And this continues to be a challenge for us.    Last year we had a total of 17 suicides across the SOCOM enterprise. That certainly is 17 too many. I do expect this is a challenge we will continue to deal with. But we are making good progress with this.    The resources that we leveraged from the services and the resources that we are able to bring to our organizations include social workers, operational psychologists, additional chaplain support, licensed social workers, for example are really making a difference for us.    And so what I am seeing in the command is that there is a greater willingness to make use of those resources.    The number one message that we convey across SOCOM with respect to this particular problem is that, from our perspective, we consider it absolutely normal and expected that our people and their families will ask for help.    That is why the resources are there. And that is why you are helping us make that investment. And I think that message is beginning to resonate. One of the things that I do track on a very close basis is not only suicides, but suicide ideations.    And what I do see is that ideations are going up. But I would offer that to you as a positive sign. Because what it indicates is that our people know there are resources available. They know they can go to those resources. And they know they can go to them without concern for being stigmatized for asking for help.    And in many cases we see peers, family members, and medical workers, other teammates that see a problem in somebody and get that person to care. And as far as I am concerned every one of those cases is a win.    And so I am positive about the direction we are moving in. We have got a lot of work to do. And we will stay on this. But we are very appreciative for the support we get from the committee on this.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you for what you do.