    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you, Chairman. And thank you all for being here. I know it is like Christmas Day for you when you get to come before us. So, I appreciate having you. Thanks for your service.    Mr. Chairman, Chairman Wheeler, we have had conversations in the past regarding the rate regulation bill that I introduced last year. And at the time of our initial conversation, there was a lot of concern regarding the authority your commission possesses but chooses to forbear for the most part in regards to rate regulation. And I appreciate the forbearance of that. I want to make that clear.    During that conversation, we talked about putting into statutory law a phrase that would ensure yours and future commissions do not have the ability to set out retail rates on broadband internet, which I think is an important role for Congress to play, to have a voice. But now since the time of our original conversation, you, along with many of our colleagues on this committee have said that the bill I introduced is far greater than what it seems and that it could end the ability of the FCC to regulate a plethora of other activities that were not in the bill. And I understand those concerns and I am willing to work with anyone that is willing to work with me to ensure that the intent of the bill is moved forward in a reasonable manner.    Following a number of conversations and negotiations with members on both sides of the aisle, you passed what I think was an excellent amendment to the bill being a recent markup to ensure that a number of issues brought forward by our colleagues and yourself were specifically exempted from adding or detracting from the current FCC authority.    Now, not more than a few hours after we passed that bill out of committee, you were in front another committee in Congress where the same issues was brought forward. In that hearing, I have the transcripts actually, you again stated that we will not regulate broadband rates. Again, I appreciate that. And you then said that you would be willing to offer your assistance to Representative Crenshaw in developing legislative language on this topic. More specifically, you agreed to provide them with language and assistance within a couple of weeks from the date of that hearing, which was March 15th. Would you be willing to provide that language to our committee when it is completed, which will be around March 29th?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. I also want to clear something up. In a recent markup on H.R. 2666, a letter from you was entered into the record in which you go to great length to explain why my bill is inconsistent with your comments before a Senate Appropriations committee. Given that I read you the text of the bill before it was originally introduced and you stated that this is what we are trying to accomplish, I am a bit confused by your letter. So, I just want to clear something up.    This is just yes or no. Do you believe that the FCC should have the authority to regulate rates after the fact through enforcement?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK.    Mr. Kinzinger. OK.    Mr. Kinzinger. But you believe that you should have the authority to regulate rates. Even though you choose not to at this time, the Commission should have that authority to be able to regulate broadband rates.    Mr. Kinzinger. That is kind of inconsistent----    Mr. Kinzinger. Well, sir, and I appreciate it. I am willing to work with you but what I am kind of confused about is you went from saying hey, we are going to forbear it, we have no intention of regulating rates on the internet. And I liked the concept of what your bill is, even if you don't like the details. We are willing to work with you on the details but you are saying that you actually disagree that you actually should have the ability to regulate broadband rates.    Mr. Kinzinger. And I understand. Even though there is a lot of details but we went from you saying I agree we should not be able to regulate broadband rates to now saying we should regulate broadband rates but I will forbear it for this moment. There is details and that is my point is we are willing to work with you on a lot of these details.    Mr. Kinzinger. And we are happy to do it with the other side of the aisle, with you all and I think that is important but maybe we made a little headlines.    To Commissioner Pai, do you believe that the Open Internet order leaves open the ability of the FCC to regulate rates in any fashion after the fact and do you believe that Congress should act?    Mr. Kinzinger. That is right. And that is the role of Congress is to make these laws to make these things that we want our folks to live by or not live by and I guess I am confused but unfortunately, I am out of time.    So, thank you all. Thanks for being here.