    Mr. Osuna. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, Representative Lofgren, and other Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today about the Department of Justice's Executive Office for Immigration Review, or EOIR. EOIR's role in the removal process is to hear the cases of individuals charged with violating our immigration laws and to decide which of those individuals should be removed from the United States and which are eligible for relief or protection from removal. The agency carries its mission out through our core of 250 immigration judges in 58 courts around the country and our appellate tribunal, the Board of Immigration Appeals. Each of our cases begins when the Department of Homeland Security files a charging document with one of our immigration courts.    Among the many challenges facing the immigration courts, the largest is our growing pending caseload. There are more than 450,000 cases pending in immigration courts around the country. This is an all-time high. This backlog grew in recent years due to budget cuts when the agency was severely limited in hiring immigration judges and staff to replace those who left the agency. While the immigration judge corps was shrinking, enforcement continued and the courts would continue to receive new cases, resulting in continuously increasing caseloads. This was exacerbated by the border influx that began in the summer of last year. From July 2014, the time EOIR started tracking the southwest border crossers, until September 30, 2015, more than 100,000 cases had been filed in the immigration courts nationwide.    We are taking steps to increase our capacity to adjudicate cases through a vigorous hiring effort, and hiring immigration judges is my first priority. I am pleased to report significant progress on this front and greatly appreciate Congress' support for our efforts by providing the funding necessary to augment our judge corps. Over the past year, 23 new immigration judges have entered on duty, and as of this week, the Attorney General had selected another 37 individuals to serve as immigration judges after a thorough and rigorous hiring process at EOIR and within the Department.    These individuals are now undergoing the required background and security checks before they can start hearing cases. Many more immigration judge candidates are going through the final stages of the review process at the Department before they can be recommended to the Attorney General for selection. These new judges will be arriving in immigration courts throughout the country in the coming months, and they will have a very, very positive effect on the pending caseloads, enabling the courts to begin to correct the imbalance between the incoming caseload and the number of judges available to adjudicate it. Again, thank you for your support for these much needed resources.    Within the immigration court system, certain cases are prioritized for adjudication. Those cases involving individuals detained by the Department of Homeland Security have traditionally been the agency's highest priority. Not only do these cases often involve individuals convicted of serious crimes, but they also implicate the individual's liberty interests.    In July of 2014, EOIR added the cases of unaccompanied children and families who were not detained to the existing priority caseload. This prioritization was in direct response to the Administration's effort in the summer of 2014 and beyond to address the factors that brought a high number of people across the Texas border. EOIR is processing these cases as quickly as possible, consistent with due process.    I want to touch on a few other initiatives that, in addition to the hiring of new judges and staff, will help EOIR improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the court system. First, deployment of new video teleconferencing equipment into the immigration courts is nearly complete. These VTC units are important because they are a force multiplier, allowing immigration judges to conduct hearings remotely, thereby allowing them to save on travel costs and time and simply to hear more cases. By February, every immigration courtroom in the country will have a new VTC unit. We are taking steps to enhance accessibility to the court system by increasing efficiency and combating fraud. EOIR has its departmental working group designed to fight Notarios and other unscrupulous practitioners who undermine the integrity of the system. The group's efforts have had a tangible positive effect, including assisting the prosecution of a number of fraudsters and Notarios around the country over the last few years.    While we help put unscrupulous practitioners out of business, it is important that we also make it easier for legitimate service providers to step in. On October 1, we published three regulations designed to make it easier for legal services to reach individuals who are in removal proceedings, including many detained individuals. We expect that these programs will help improve the quality of representation in immigration court.    Finally, the EOIR continues to expand its highly successful legal access program. This program, which is now active in 37 sites around the country, helps the court process function more efficiently and effectively while providing information to people facing removal.    Mr. Chairman, Representative Lofgren, these are some of the initiatives that we have underway. They are positioning, as well, for the agency to have a very positive 2016.    Thank you, and I am pleased to answer any questions.    Mr. Osuna. Yes.    Mr. Osuna. Not those specifics, but I am aware of the issues there.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, what I can tell you is that particular judge is not hearing cases at the moment. It is an unfortunate personnel issue that I can't get into with you in this forum, but it is true that she is not hearing cases at this time.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, again, because I can't get into the personnel issues, we can't get into the specifics here. What I can tell you, though, is that Houston is actually one of the courts that we have targeted for adding a significant number of new judges as part of the hiring that we are currently doing.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, we have added 23 new judges over the past year. The Attorney General, as of this week, has selected another 37, and we are in the process of hiring quite a few more. Houston is one of the immigration courts that we are targeting for more judges because of the great need there.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, those cases are a priority for us, along with the cases of detained individuals. And for the reasons that I've stated earlier, detained individuals are often the ones that have committed serious crimes in this country; therefore, we move those to the top of the priority list. We make the judges and staff available to hear those cases first before all others. You are correct that last year we also added to the priority list the cases of unaccompanied children and families and others that were crossing the southern border as part of our response to the influx.    I would say that a great number of the adjudications in our courts are of those two large groups. It does not mean that we don't adjudicate other nondetained cases that are pending in immigration courts around the country. We have to draw this line between making sure that those priority cases are taken care of first, but also not neglecting those cases of others that have been waiting for a long time for their hearings.    Mr. Osuna. There are thousands of individuals that are waiting for their hearings. We prioritize those who need to have their hearings first because of compelling national interests, such as the need to get detained cases heard first and adjudicated first to get criminal aliens out of the country or those who crossed the border last year. But there are others that are going to have to wait for their hearings because of the prioritization.    Mr. Osuna. In some immigration courts the wait can be as long as 5 years, yes.    Mr. Osuna. Thank you, Congresswoman. Our main approach to making sure that we have this balance between the incoming caseload and the adjudicators is more immigration judges. We got into this situation because of a number of years where there were severe immigration judge shortages. We lost a number of judges from 2011 to last year during the time of budget cuts. We were not able to replace those judges who left the agency.    Mr. Osuna. We currently have, thanks to Congress' appropriations for us this past year, we have 319 authorized positions. We are filling those as quickly as we can. Those judges will make a significant impact.    Mr. Osuna. That's correct.    Mr. Osuna. That's correct, Congresswoman. In my opening statement I mentioned that we have added 23 over the past year, and the Attorney General has approved 37 more as of this week, and several dozen more are in the final stages of the selection process at the Department.    Mr. Osuna. The President has asked for another 55 immigration judges for fiscal year 2016. And that's going to be a very significant step forward for us as well. And we ask for your support for that.    Mr. Osuna. That would get us to about 374 immigration judges nationwide when all of those positions are filled, if Congress provides those positions. That is going to have a very, very significant impact and will enable us to begin to shorten these wait times in the most backlogged courts.    Mr. Osuna. Exactly. So the process that we have for selecting immigration judges is designed to make sure that we select the best candidates that are representing the Attorney General in these courtrooms.    Mr. Osuna. Immigration judges are prohibited by law from actually granting asylum before--unless that person is then sent for background security checks by the Department of Homeland Security.    So if an immigration judge finds that somebody is legally eligible for asylum and merits asylum in this country, that judge then has to suspend the case, more or less, send the case to the Department of Homeland Security for the required background security checks. Those security checks are done with the FBI and through the interagency database check process. And only until that case comes back and DHS tells the judge the background is clear, this person is not a danger, can the judge go ahead and grant asylum.    Mr. Osuna. So for detention cases, we don't have a policy change. We are doing what we have always done in those, we are prioritizing those cases. We do have a change on the unaccompanied minor front. We have been--our commitment beginning last year was to hold those cases--those hearings initially within 21 days of the case being filed in court.    In consultation with our Federal partners and after hearing from a lot of stakeholders over the last few months, we have been considering a change. So we have decided to move that timeline--adjust that timeline from 21 days--from 10 to 21 days to 30 to 90 days.    Mr. Osuna. For unaccompanied children.    Mr. Osuna. That's correct.    Mr. Osuna. That's right. I mean, we feel that this change would provide our courts with more flexibility for these challenging cases, but also it would provide the children more time to find legal counsel. And that works for the efficiency of the immigration courts. It actually helps us in the long run to move these cases faster by actually providing more time initially for the kids to get counsel.    Mr. Osuna. Well, we're making the change because it helps the efficiency of our courts, and it helps--by helping the kids, giving kids more time to find counsel, it actually helps the court function more efficiently. That's correct.    Mr. Osuna. I don't know if I have those numbers exactly, Congressman. What I can tell you is over the past--we started tracking, for example, the southwest border crossing cases beginning last summer, and I can tell you that we have added--100,000 cases have been added to the court dockets from the summer of 2014 through this fall, primarily through the border.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, that's a tough number to get in, and I'll explain why. Because if you are--if the border crosser is an unaccompanied child, the law provides that that individual's asylum claim, if they file one, actually has to be heard by USCIS at DHS. So the child comes to immigration court first; the judge does what he's going to do with that case in terms of hearing the pleadings. If the child then wishes to apply for asylum, the judge then has to send that case over to USCIS. Many of those cases are still pending in USCIS, is my understanding. And I don't have a firm number as to how many of those are being granted.    Mr. Osuna. I don't know if it can be done. We are certainly happy to look into it.    Mr. Osuna. On the issue of continuances, Congressman, we have looked at that. Continuances are actually a legal matter that is governed by the regulation. The standard under the regulations are that immigration judges are to grant a continuance if there is good cause shown. And there is much case law from the BIA and from the Federal courts as to what is good cause.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, on the issue of merit of claims, that's what our judges are there for, to determine which cases are actually meritorious and which are not. And they do a great job of that every day in immigration courts around the country.    On the issue of discretion, again, I trust our judges to exercise discretion in the best way possible. And we believe that that is appropriate to vest them with that authority.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, we have a very robust and multi-layered process for hiring immigration judges. It takes a long time, but we feel that it is necessary to do this carefully, because these individuals, as you know, are exercising the Attorney General's authority in immigration courtrooms around the country every single day. They are literally making life-and-death decisions, so we need to make sure that we are selecting the best candidates to serve as immigration judges.    That requires multiple layers of review at EOIR and at the Department and careful vetting to make sure that we are getting the best of the best. That, unfortunately, takes some time. We have been able to streamline the process to some extent over the last few months to make it go a little bit faster, but we think that the process actually helps to make sure that we select the best individuals.    In my opening statement, I did mention that we have added 23 new judges over the past year. And the Attorney General has selected 37 new judges as of this week who are now going through the required background and security checks before they begin hearing cases. So we are adding judges as quickly as we can and selecting good people, and they will make a significant difference.    Mr. Osuna. There were judges in process at that time. What the chart shows is the actual number of people entering on duty; in other words, judges entering on duty within that particular quarter. So the hiring process was going on during that second quarter. They just had not entered on duty as of that time.    You will see that the third quarter shows 18 new judges entering on duty. Those were the ones that were in process in the prior two quarters.    Mr. Osuna. Continuances are governed by regulation, Congressman. The regulations provide that a judge may grant a continuance for good cause. And that good cause standard has been filled out, has been outlined and defined through court decisions over a number of years.    So that is the standard. Immigration judges refer to that standard, follow the circuit law and the BIA law on what is good cause and it depends on the individual case.    Mr. Osuna. I'm aware of the inspector general report, yes.    Mr. Osuna. I'm aware that they cited it. I can't remember what ranking they gave it, but I do remember that they did cite it.    Mr. Osuna. I remember that, sir.    Mr. Osuna. Sure. Continuances, again, are governed by legal standards. What we've done is two things. Number one, is that we do provide regular training for judges on continuances. We provided a legal training just a few months ago on a number of issues, and provided information on what the courts have said about that legal standard.    Secondly, this is more of a management issue, but our assistant chief judges, which are the supervisory judges that have supervision over particular courts, do monitor the continuance issue and the oldest cases that are pending on court dockets, and they take action as appropriate.    Sometimes it is not appropriate to take any action, because the number of continuances is actually appropriate in a particular case. But when there appears to be something, an outlier issue with somebody granting continuances for, other than the good cause standard, then that is treated as a management issue.    Mr. Osuna. I don't have an answer for you on that, Congressman.    Mr. Osuna. If I understand your question, I think that if the Department of Homeland Security----    Mr. Osuna. Well, that's a legal determination that the judge would have to make. But, certainly, DHS as a party in the courtroom would have a significant impact on that decision. The judge's responsibility is to find that somebody is removable from the country or not removable. If they are removable, the evidence submitted by DHS goes a long way to proving that, because that is DHS's burden.    Mr. Osuna. The judge's role is to determine whether somebody is removable. And DHS's evidence going to that fact, that legal determination, is obviously very relevant if not determinative in the immigration judge's decision.    That is not the end of the discussion in immigration court, because if a judge finds somebody is removable from a country, then he has to consider or she has to consider whether that person is eligible for some sort of relief from removal.    Mr. Osuna. I'm aware of the 33, yes.    Mr. Osuna. Congressman, those cases, immigration judges held bond hearings, as anybody--or most people that are not detained mandatorily are entitled to request. The law provides that immigration judges are to determine two things in a bond proceeding: Number one, is the person a flight risk? Are they going to show up for their hearings or are they going to abscond? Number two, and more importantly, are they a danger to the community? Are they a danger to others? If the judge finds that they are a flight risk, he or she may set a high bond or no bond at all. If they are a danger to the community, typically judges don't release them, or set a very high bond. Typically, they don't release them.    So the 33 individuals that you mentioned, I have no reason to think that judges made the wrong decision in those cases.    Mr. Osuna. I am aware of some of them. I didn't review every single case.    Mr. Osuna. Congresswoman, thank you for your question. I am aware of this issue. I can tell you that we are looking at it, and we have heard from the stakeholders on this issue.    I would note that the law does provide some exceptions to the 1-year deadline, as you know----    Mr. Osuna . That judges consider on a case-by-case basis every day. And what we do see is respondents filing motions to advance their cases to earlier court hearing times in order to address this issue. So that does happen. But to your point, I understand the issue. We're working on it, and we have heard from the stakeholders on the concerns.    Mr. Osuna. Thank you, Congresswoman. In the prior discussion with Representative Jackson Lee, I did mention that we have decided to make a change as to the initial timeline. As you recall last year, we committed to holding the first hearing for an unaccompanied child from 10 to 21 days after the case is filed.    We have been pondering changing that for the exact reason that you mention, that it actually helps court efficiency to actually provide more time at the beginning. So we have decided to change that, and we will be instructing our courts to hold that first hearing from 30 to 90 days after the case is filed rather than the 21 days. We do strongly think that that will help with a lot of these kids getting counsel and thereby helping the efficiency of the court.    Mr. Osuna. Electronic filing is one of the things that I feel strongly that we need to move towards. And we actually have taken some steps on that. We were able to secure some internal funding, I believe it was about 18 months ago, to begin the first step of this, which was electronic registering of attorneys practicing before our immigration courts.    That would be one of the foundations for a system that we hope will eventually allow us to file and exchange documents electronically.    Mr. Osuna. I don't have a timeline, but we do have a plan. It's an aggressive plan. I think 2016 we're going to see some progress on that. And we hope that we eventually will get to the point where people will be able to file electronically.    Mr. Osuna. You are talking about a bond, sir?    Mr. Osuna. The bond process, what I think happens is that ICE actually makes the first determination on bond when they are detaining an individual. And in some instances, that individual can then request a redetermination by an immigration judge.    Mr. Osuna. I believe in the majority of cases the judge made the determination on bond and the Department of Homeland Security did not appeal that determination.    Mr. Osuna. Correct.    Mr. Osuna. I can't cite you any particular cases, but I do know from my experience when I was on the Board of Immigration Appeals many years ago, that judges would get reversed for granting too many continuances when the DHS appealed that decision.    Mr. Osuna. It depends on the individual case. But, for example, if a judge had granted a couple of continuances already for the individual to get counsel and the individual has made no reasonable efforts to secure counsel, a judge can very well, and often do, say, you know, I've given you a couple of chances here; it's time to move on. And judges make those decisions every day. That's a fairly frequent occurrence.    Mr. Osuna. Again, it depends on the context. In detained cases, it's not that way, and nondetained cases it can be in some courts, depending on what the situation is.    Mr. Osuna. I don't have that number for you, Mr. Chairman. Some do fail to appear. The size of the bond is designed to make sure that they appear, but, you know, some sometimes don't.    Mr. Osuna. Well, actually, they do. There is a process for if somebody has received----    Mr. Osuna. They got notice of the hearing.    Mr. Osuna. The law does provide, and our judges every day hold hearings in absentia. What happens at that hearing is the Department of Homeland Security comes forward, presents evidence of the individual's removability. The judge considers whether the person got adequate notice. If the answer is yes, then the judge will order an in absentia order, and that order can be enforced by DHS.    Mr. Osuna. No, our judges don't have that authority. We don't have anything like the marshals service or anything like that. The judge will consider if the person got adequate notice that they will issue the in absentia order if appropriate, and then DHS has the responsibility of picking them up and actually removing them.    Mr. Osuna. If they have received a final removal order in absentia or otherwise, they are actually not included in the 450,000 caseload. Those are out of the system. There is a final removal order. Unless they file a motion to reopen later to come back in, and the judge grants that, in absentia orders or any removal orders are not included in that number.    Mr. Osuna. Sorry, sir. You're asking how many folks that don't----    Mr. Osuna. Actually get an absentia order?    Mr. Osuna. I don't have a number for you.    Mr. Osuna. No. What the judge will consider is whether the person actually is removable from the country under the law. And that's really the end of the inquiry. Once that is done, the removal order is issued and then the person can be removed--can be picked up at any time by ICE and deported.    Mr. Osuna. It is.    Mr. Osuna. Mr. Chairman, I do think that the single biggest reason for the caseload is the shortage of judges over the last few years. I don't think that you can lose as many judges as we did at a time when enforcement was going up and not have that be a significant impact on the caseload and on wait times.    We have taken a look at this issue repeatedly. We've kicked the tires. We've looked under the hood. We have tried to see what else is going on. One thing that we do hear quite a bit from all of our judges and from ICE trial attorneys as well is that the complexity of the law has gotten--the law has gotten much more complex over the last 10 years.    Cases that used to be fairly simple are now complicated. Let me give you an example. It used to be fairly straightforward to determine whether somebody is an aggravated felony under certain provisions. Because of Supreme Court precedent and other decisions, in many instances, the drug trafficking area is one, for example, it is actually much more complicated these days than it was 10 years ago to determine whether somebody is deportable as an aggravated felony for certain offenses. So that is one area that we have concluded--you know, a judge may have spent, you know, an hour on a case 10 years ago and that same type of case now may take 4 hours because the law has gotten more complicated.    We have taken a look at other issues as well, but we're convinced that hiring the requisite number of judges is actually going to make a difference. Let me actually give you an example from within the agency, and that's the Board of Immigration Appeals. The BIA is doing very good decisions these days, very legally excellent decisions, providing guidance to the courts and their caseload is stable. In fact, it has actually decreased slightly over the last few years. The lesson we took from that is that the board has actually had, unlike the immigration courts, a balance between the incoming caseload and the adjudicators necessary to adjudicate that caseload. That's a lesson we've drawn, and that's why hiring is such an important priority for us, for the immigration courts, because we are convinced that that is how we will address this caseload.    Mr. Osuna. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.