    Mr. Delaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here.    I want to associate myself with the comments that Congressman Ross just made, because I have a similar view on asset managers, but I don't want to take up my time to talk about that.    When I walked in, I thought I heard my colleague asking you about the prioritization of our debts, but I might not have heard that. And I know you weren't able to answer it, so I do want to make a comment on that.    It seems to me that is a really misguided idea, because the best credits in the world, which, obviously, we should view the United States as certainly one of them, never prioritize their debts. Right? Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, all these terrific credits, all their debts are treated the same, and they have great flexibility as a result, whereas weak credits are forced by the market to prioritize their debt so that people know exactly what they have and when they get it paid.    So it strikes me it would be a really misguided idea to force the United States Government into a position where it was somehow signaling to the world that we are weak credit. I don't know if you agree with that. Very quickly, if you don't mind.    Mr. Delaney. Right. And you are going to present very differently than the way we want the United States--    Mr. Delaney. Right.    Mr. Delaney. So the second question is about the liquidity crisis, and I know you have talked about this a lot.    And it is interesting, when you think about the role of banks, which have been very important to our economy for a long period of time, which is why the government has supported them, which is why we also try to regulate them in ways that make sense, right now banks are not all that important when markets are good. There are a lot of other alternatives for liquidity. But they are really, really important when markets are bad because there is no incentive for market-based participants to really participate in markets when they are bad, other then if they are kind of vulture investors and trying to get really good deals.    And I do worry that what has happened with liquidity has put these banks in a position that, if there were some kind of a crisis, they wouldn't be able to respond as well. And I know there are a lot of reasons why this liquidity data is emerging, but it seems to me--and this is coming from someone who is supportive of the regulatory response that we have had, supportive of Dodd-Frank. I think all the things we did we obviously had to do.    But it seems to me the notion of having very high minimum liquidity standards for banks, coupled with not looking at risk-weighted assets from a capital test and having this kind of overlay where you still risk-weight assets but you need a minimum amount of capital, which inevitably puts a lot of capital against really low-risk-weight assets like Treasuries, it seems to me those create very big incentives for banks not to be liquidity providers in a crisis.    Do you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Delaney. Right.    Mr. Delaney. Right.    Would you support changes to the regulatory framework that actually eliminated disincentives for institutions to hold Treasuries and cash so that they are actually in a position to do their job in a crisis?    Mr. Delaney. But the people running these institutions seem to think they have a disincentive to hold liquidity in cash.    Mr. Delaney. So sometimes perception becomes reality.    Mr. Delaney. That has nothing to do with it.    Mr. Delaney. I agree. I am talking about Treasuries.    Mr. Delaney. Because it used to be, no matter how many Treasuries you had, you didn't have to have, really, capital against them.    Mr. Delaney. Now you kind of do. So, in my mind, if I was running an institution, that would make me have less of them.    Mr. Delaney. You are looking at it.    Mr. Delaney. Right. Sure.    Last question, Ex-Im Bank. I have talked about ideas where institutions like Ex-Im are required to sell off some of their portfolio on a regular basis so there is better transparency as to how their assets are priced. Do you support approaches like that?    Mr. Delaney. Right. And I agree with that position. I just think additional transparency around how they price their assets is useful--    Mr. Delaney. Yes.