    Mr. Rohrabacher. I hereby call this hearing of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee into order. This will be the final subcommittee event of the year, and I must say it has been a pleasure to chair this subcommittee and to serve with my friend and colleague and ranking member, Mr. Meeks.    Mr. Meeks, thank you so much. We have had a good 2 years together here. We will see what happens next time around. No one knows. I very much look forward to continued collaboration one way or the other in the new Congress.    So with that said, for this hearing we are focusing on corruption in Europe and Eurasia. This issue has not been really the recipient of much attention. It certainly hasn't received the attention it deserves. Both globally and in particular countries this committee oversees it seems that this issue just hasn't really been touched on. It is like maybe some sort of a hot stove.    But the corruption, we have to recognize, has been a major factor since the end of the cold war in the former Soviet states. These countries have worked with various degrees of success to privatize their own state-owned industries and build various institutions that allow for democracy and prosperity.    In short, for them corruption has been a common stumbling block to progress, as it is also, as we recognize, in Third World countries, whether or not it is petty corruption, perhaps by a police officer who is looking to give you a ticket or, at a grander level of corruption, where private interests actually capture control of large chunks of state assets. It hampers reforms, corruption holds back economic growth, and in far too many cases it also impoverishes low-income populations in countries that could be doing much better for their entire population.    Now, when government institutions serve private interests, enriching oligarchs and enriching politicians instead of addressing the needs of its people, that undermines the faith in government and the rule of law, it undermines the basic stability and any chance for prosperity, at least any chance for ordinary people to live in prosperity in these countries.    Hence, if we understand the general aim of U.S. policy as promoting prosperous, peaceful, and pluralistic countries, fighting corruption should be at the center of that effort. Unfortunately, it is not, and perhaps because there are powerful Western accomplices to these crimes of corruption in developing countries.    While we should call out and hold accountable corrupt officials, it is important to understand that in some places corruption is the rule, not the exception. I would like to cite a recent survey released by Transparency International that found that one in three people living in Europe and Central Asia believe corruption to be one of the largest problems of their country.    Policymakers in the United States and Europe need to think about broad and systematic approaches to this challenge. For example, Western banks, are they complicit in money laundering for corrupt officials? Does that make them an accomplice to the theft of resources that should serve the poorest and most vulnerable people of the world, but instead those resources are being utilized and the profit from it are going to large financial institutions in cooperation with local gangsters and thugs in those countries?    What about us? Could we do more to ensure that corrupt officials can't store their ill-gotten gains in Western banks or use it to buy property or businesses in our country?    This is too much for today, it is too much for just today, but it will be the subject for an investigative hearing or investigative hearings in the years ahead, whether I am here or not.    I am looking forward to a discussion today of these things with our witnesses, and I look forward to their testimonies. And without objection, their written statements will be made part of the record.    And I will turn to my ranking member, Mr. Gregory Meeks.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is why it was timely.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We will see. Don't count on it.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have been joined by two of our other colleagues. Do either of our other colleagues have an opening statement?    Mr. Connolly, you are welcome to. You are not on the committee, but you are welcome to have an opening statement.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Without objection.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And Mr. Weber has decided not to have an opening statement; although, I am sure he would like to comment on how the Democratic candidates deserve to be investigated in our last election in their financial dealings as well. But I won't put words into his mouth, but I thought somebody needed to make that point.    So with that said, I would like to welcome the witnesses. And if we could, if you could summarize your testimony in 5-minute segments, and then we will get into the questions and answers. And what I will do is I will introduce all of you and then we will start with Mr. Davidson after this introduction.    So we have Charles Davidson, who is the executive director of Kleptocracy Initiative at the Hudson Institute, as well as being the publisher of the American Interest magazine. The Kleptocracy Initiative and its stated goal is to conduct original research into the growing threat posed by democracies by autocratic regimes structured as kleptocracies.    And I think it will be very fascinating to get into some definitions, not only kleptocracy but exactly what is corruption and what is not corruption. And looking forward to your testimony.    And then we have also with us Ivan Vejvoda, who is a senior vice president for programs at the German Marshall Fund here in Washington. From 2010 to 2013 he was the executive director of that organization's Balkan Trust for Democracy Program. Before that, he was an adviser to the Serbian Government and a long-time advocate of democracy in that region and honest government.    And we have also with us today, and as we heard from Mr. Meeks, a Russian-born businessman, Mr. Sergei Kolesnikov.    Is that right? Did I get it?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. And we are very happy to have you with us today.    He is a Russian-born businessman who has traveled from outside the United States to come here today to testify at this hearing. In 2010, he left Russia and went to the press about certain allegations of high-level corruption within the Russian Government.    So today we are going to be focusing on corruption both in theory and definitions of what is and what is taking place, but also in specifics in terms of different examples of corruption that are going on and how they impact--which is important--how that corruption impacts the people of the countries which are suffering from that corruption of their government.    So with that said, Mr. Davidson, you may begin your 5-minute presentation.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You may proceed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. My goodness, everybody is following the rules and 5-minute rule.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Rule of law.    Sir, you may proceed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you, all, for your testimony today.    And I am going to let Mr. Meeks start off the questioning. Why don't you go right ahead. Okay. Well, I will go ahead then.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will take my orders from the boss over here. All right.    Well, let me ask our last witness here, when you talk about corruption in Russia, what form does that take? See, we have businessmen here who make money and then do whatever they want. They are making millions of dollars. And yet we know that there are millions of dollars coming out of Russia that are not equated to our businessmen. They would base it on some corrupt activity that they are involved in.    What is that corrupt activity that they are able to extract the wealth and then take it and deposit it somewhere else?    The Interpreter. Mr. Kolesnikov is going to speak Russian, and I am going to be interpreting for him if you don't mind.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is fine.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We understand that, that that is, of course, taken, and something I hope we need to deal with. He is talking about corrupt officials sending money to the West. And as I stated in the opening statement, we are going to have some focused hearings on that, whether or not American banks and Western banks and other institutions are actually accomplices with a criminal activity that is basically extracting wealth from developing countries.    The question I am asking is, you are saying that there are a large number or a certain number of officials in Russia that are engaged with corrupt activity. What is that activity that gives them the money in order to put in the Western banks?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Well, let me try another approach or another thought here anyway.    When we are talking about Serbia, and you mentioned that sanctions actually led to an expansion of corruption in Serbia, so a sanctions approach to a country actually perhaps makes things worse rather than makes things better. Is that correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So if there is a general problem with a level of corruption in a society, for us to pick out an issue that is important to us and to put sanctions on that government in order to pressure them on a particular issue actually makes things worse in the long run?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, I hope some of my colleagues are taking that in too, because I would take this as a general rule.    And would you like to comment on that, Mr. Davidson?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me just note that in your testimony----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Oh, yeah, go ahead.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let's note that in Serbia we ended up with violence and a war and mass killings that went on. In many cases, and this is a rule of thumb which I didn't include in my opening statement, is that if you take a look at some of the conflict areas of the world and some of the things that are going on, quite often, if you trace back what the root cause is, that the corruption level in those societies reached a point where large numbers of people were willing to commit acts of violence and actually get involved with more fanatic organizations, et cetera, like we saw in Serbia, where the Serbian people, who now I think are exemplary and they are doing as good a job as anybody else in Europe, they went along with horrible crimes that were being committed by their government.    So in the end, if you have corruption and it creates uncertainty among ordinary people, it can lead to the type of fanaticism that then leads to terrorism, aggression, et cetera, et cetera, which may well be seen elsewhere.    One last point, and then I am going to let Mr. Meeks take over here.    Mr. Davidson, you made a point that children of the crooks and their families eventually, if someone is part of a criminal syndicate in a country, eventually they have so much money that they eventually become part of the elite cultural people of that society. They are the prominent citizens after one or two generations.    Let me just note that this doesn't happen in those countries; that has happened in our country. How many people in prominent families started out here as slavers? They sold slaves, that despicable act that even where it was legal in the South, they thought that was a despicable profession to be in. But yet, people emerged. Bootleggers and people involved in gangster families in our country have after one or two generations become prominent citizens. And so what you are saying is not something that we should be just pointing over there; we have got to understand that that is a cycle that happens here.    Today, what I am very concerned about is not the children and not the prominent families in the future that this will create, but instead how we have perhaps institutions in our society that are respectable institutions that are being utilized by especially foreign corrupt officials and gangsters in other societies.    I mean, how many people are making real estate deals with criminals now in our country? And those criminals may not well be Americans. They may be Russians or they could be Chinese or they could be any number of countries that come here to launder their money, and yet we have our very respectable and prominent citizens engaged in what would have to be an accomplice to a crime.    So anyway, Mr. Meeks, you may proceed, and we will have a second round of questions afterwards for everybody.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    Mr. Weber.    There will be a second round of questions.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Thank you all. And we are going to have a second round of questions if anybody would like to join us in that, and I will start that off.    Let me just note about the talk of sanctions and the idea that aiming sanctions at specific corrupt and human rights-abusing government officials is not a bad idea. I actually voted against it, however, because--and we are talking about the Magnitsky Act--because I happen to believe that naming it the Magnitsky Act was wrong.    Because yet to prove--there are a lot of questions about that particular case, and those questions need to be answered before we compromise with our level of insistency on what we insist on for what is truth or not and what is a true crime. And the Magnitsky Act should not have been named that. And I am the only one who voted against it. I know my ranking member and I disagreed on this.    But in terms of actually sanctioning individual government officials throughout the world who are engaged in some type of torture or anti--well, doing things that we would not accept here as acceptable, killing prisoners or committing acts of torture, et cetera, the human rights abuses.    So with that said, I agree with that assessment. We should be focusing on those individuals. And, again, however, I think the Russians were mistreated in the Magnitsky case, because that title of that bill is maybe suggesting that something was done that has not been proven yet. So, anyway, that is just a thought.    I think that we have to also note, we have oligarchs here. We have oligarchs in the United States. Many of them happen to be technology developers, okay, they came up with a new type of technology, they earned billions of dollars on it. And whether it is PayPal or whatever, or some type of new medical device or whatever, they made their money honestly.    And the question is, however, in some countries, then, for an oligarch to take the money and transfer it outside the society is illegal, and that is where an oligarch becomes a corrupt person, okay?    Is that what we are talking about here when we talk about oligarch corruption? Because our oligarchs do that. Our billionaires, multibillionaires, they take money out of the country and put it in banks and different investments overseas all the time. Maybe I will ask all of you on that question.    Let's start with Mr. Davidson. How does that add up? That is not what we are talking about here, is it?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, I like to have fun at these hearings.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, there are some oligarchs that have--you can receive great government subsidies for whatever business practice they decided to go for. And did they impact the legislative or the executive branch people who were making the decision as to how much subsidy this or that would get?    There are very serious questions when we start pointing fingers at other people. And as I say--look, I was designated about 2 years ago as the poorest Member of Congress, okay? Well, I am a happy man, and I am not someone who is resentful that somebody else has more. Sometimes I think that we teach people that we should resent them.    And let me just note, of the billionaires in this country, Mr. Meeks, the vast majority supported your candidate for President, not mine. They did an analysis of the billionaires, and Hillary had a lot more than Trump, but Trump himself is a billionaire.    So we can't just say because someone has a lot of money, that they are an oligarch, which then says that they are evil in some way. However, let me note that, and back to Russia.    And Russia had a problem in the beginning, and one of the major problems was that money left that country and went into European and American financial institutions.    We talk about England. Correct me if I am wrong, Mr. Davidson, but if someone transfers some money from Russia or from anywhere else into a bank in England, do they have that same rule that they can loan out 10 times the amount of money that they actually have on deposit?    So what have we done? We have enriched England or that bank enormously by having that money going from Russia or wherever else into that bank in England. And, of course, what the bank in England provides is safe haven for people who want to get away from paying taxes and having that wealth controlled by the government in the country where they made that money.    This is problematic, and I really believe that many of the situations that we have now that was described in Russia can be traced back to, yes, when Russia should have been prospering and it was going through this period, we ended up having the wealth taken out, which actually made it 10 times more difficult for them to have a stronger economy.    And then we know now also that sanctions directed at Russia did not work, do not work in the long-run. Let me note that there is a bank in--is it Sberbank, is that what they call it, in Russia? Sberbank, when we visited Russia last and talked to the various leaders in the banking community, they were saying they followed every single rule that they were asked to follow, and yet there are sanctions against them that have impacted them in a negative way.    So targeting sanctions is very important if we expect those people in these various countries to actually pay attention, to be supportive, and to cut out the type of corruption that we are talking about today.    So I guess I have had my say. You guys, maybe you want to comment on some of the things I just said, and then we will move on. Again, I voted against the Magnitsky Act, but only because of the title. The idea of targeting individuals for human rights abuses in those countries is a good idea. And when and if they prove that case in terms of Magnitsky, then I will change my position on that bill, but until then, I thought it was a gratuitous slap at Russia.    And one last thought. I know I disagree with my colleagues here, but, no, we have had many gratuitous slaps at Russia, where things are just as bad over here, or over there, whether we are talking about oligarchs or whatever, manipulating the system and extracting wealth from the system. We have our oligarchs here, and we have lots of things that we do here that are being done over there and being labeled in a very hostile, pejorative way, and by people who actually want to have bad relations with Russia for whatever reason.    So with that said, and maybe each witness can have a minute to refute everything I just said or to agree with it or whatever. Mr. Davidson, do you want to start?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, we do have, for example, take the reason why we call it the Magnitsky Act. And the case, that I believe is yet to be settled, is based on an American who went to Russia, made billions of dollars off the economic turmoil, and then left the country and was able to take his money out of the country. And Magnitsky was his accountant. And the question is, is whether or not he paid the $250 million in taxes that were due from the billions of dollars that he had earned in that chaotic situation in Russia.    Now, that is the heart of that case. Did the jailers of Mr. Magnitsky kill him because they were being afraid that he would finger them for that $250 million that they had some way managed to change the bookkeeping that they were able to keep or was he roughed up and maybe killed because he wouldn't say where that $250 million owed to the Russian government was? That is the whole crux of the matter, and it is yet to be determined which of those stories.    But with that said, again, targeting corrupt officials, targeting human rights abusers specifically is a good thing as far as I am concerned.    Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And it was a specific slap at Russia, which would make people think maybe this is just Russian situation of human rights abuses, and it was not. It was aimed at a general thing.    Anyway, I just wanted to make sure I am on the record as to why I voted against that particular situation. I don't think gratuitously slapping Russia around is going to make things better.    Sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Or giving campaign donations and making regulations that eliminate their tax liability or getting a large subsidy from the government.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Absolutely right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is the charge, and there are two different points of view on that. But that certainly is what the other side to that is saying.    Mr. Rohrabacher. By the way, again, I am not suggesting Mr. Browder is guilty or innocent. I am saying that what you are saying now has not been proven one way or the other, and thus, to put his name on the bill that holds public officials accountable for human rights abuses and name it that under this Russian case was a gratuitous slap at Russia before that case has actually determined whether or not the truth--where the truth lies.    So I am very happy to have you express that opinion. There are other opinions as well that perhaps the opposite is true from what you said. That is what we need to find out.    But still it is the principle of the case, which is--which we all agree on, you agree on, we agree on--hold specific officials accountable rather than making some generalized attack on a particular country.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, we might. We might do that someday.    Well, thank you very much for being with us today.    And, Mr. Meeks, you have the final words here.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, I would like to thank all of our witnesses. Just a couple thoughts. And let me just note, I was there during the Orange Revolution. I actually camped out in Maidan in the tents they had there. It was cold, I might add.    And let me just note that Cathy Chumachenko, who worked with me in the Reagan White House, turned out to be first lady, and she and her husband, who came into power after that, the Orange Revolution, as has been indicated in the testimony, their administration was so corrupt that the people of Ukraine ended up voting for Yanukovych in the next election.    And Yanukovych, I might add, was democratically elected, OSCE verified it. However, he didn't leave office in a democratic election. He left office because there was a violent revolution that started in Maidan right after he decided to go with the European Union. And there are discussions about whether the European Union was indeed interfering with what was going on.    But let me just say this, that had Yanukovych not been overthrown or not been kicked out with violent demonstrations in the Maidan, that he would have been kicked out in the next election. There is no doubt. He was corrupt and he was doing things that the public didn't like, and the very next election he would have been kicked out. And had they waited to kick him out rather than overthrow him 2 years earlier than the free election demanded, I do not believe that any of this horror story that we faced in the last couple years in Ukraine would have happened. You would have had a peaceful transfer of power, which is what they should have had.    Yanukovych deserved to be removed by his people, because he was as corrupt as the people who he replaced, who were as corrupt as the people they replaced. And I am not sure how that bodes well in the future for Ukraine, because the information I am getting now is that the current government is also deeply engaged in corrupt practices and the sending of large amounts of money to European banks.    So with that said, let's pray that that problem will some way be relieved from the poor suffering Ukrainians, who I don't know any other people in the 20th century and now into this century that have suffered more than the Ukrainian people, between World War I, World War II, the Soviet occupation, and now these horrible things. Let's hope that we can try to find a peaceful answer and get the Russians out of their country and return to some sort of democratic rule and rule of law.    Just one or two other thoughts, and that is the shell companies, this was a very good tipoff today, that to solve the problem we have got to make sure that you can't have companies that nobody knows who runs the companies begin to control and own assets. We need to know who controls various assets and various amounts of wealth in a society. Shell companies are something I was not aware of being a problem. Thank you very much for that tipoff today.    Also, again, I think that we need to make sure that we examine our own banking system and financial system here so that it does not encourage corrupt practices in other countries. We have given foreign aid to countries in Africa, for example, where the African dictator ends up being overthrown, and then we find out all the money that we gave has gone overseas to some European or otherwise bank.    And then, of course, by the way, the banks don't ever give the money up. What do the banks do with the money once some petty dictator gangster in the Third World has given them $1 billion in deposits? What do they do with it? They envelop it into their own system. They are the ones who end up with the loot.    Well, there will be future hearings on this issue, and we need to work on that before we start pointing fingers at everybody else right now, because we have some things we can do to help the situation become better.    So with that said, I really have enjoyed this hearing. I hope you did too.    And thank you, Mr. Meeks. I think we have had a very good discussion.    And until next year, then, this committee is adjourned.