    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I understand from your testimony that in some instances the Data Breach Management Team recommends that individuals or financial institutions be notified of the breach of personally identifiable information and then credit monitoring can be offered and that that has not been done in this case or in the five other major breaches. Mr. Gross, can you explain why that hasn't happened, what was the thinking here, and are individuals adequately protected without this credit monitoring opportunity?    Mr. Gross. We evaluated each of the cases and determined because there was low risk of harm that there were no individuals that were affected or impacted adversely as a result of the downloading of the information. So as a result of the lack of impact to the individuals, it was deemed that credit monitoring was not warranted.    We have in other cases where the information has been taken and we know it was a known adversary or someone with adverse intent where they may break in an employee's car and steal records, we know that that individual had ill intent by breaking in the car. That information, regardless of the number of records that may have been exposed, in those cases we would have offered credit monitoring, as we've done in the past.    Ms. Lofgren. But we don't have digital rights management on these files at this point, do we?    Mr. Gross. We don't have digital rights management deployed across the FDIC at this moment. It is one of the 60-day response activities that I've laid out for the IG.    Ms. Lofgren. So we don't know for sure whether this information that was taken was not in fact further copied because there was no DRM to prevent it?    Mr. Gross. Well, we have the signed affidavit from the employees a----    Ms. Lofgren. Right.    Mr. Gross. --and each of these employees----    Ms. Lofgren. Well, technologically, we have no assurance of that?    Mr. Gross. Technologically, no, ma'am.    Ms. Lofgren. I'm interested in the DRM response that you're recommending. I'm interested in what is the timeline. And also, did you--what process was used to determine what DRM response would be--did you do an RFP, was it sole-source, did you do market research? How did you select which DRM solution and what's the timeline for implementation?    Mr. Gross. I'm working very aggressively to implement it. This is something that we're just beginning to pursue. I don't have the specifics for you at this moment. I could come back to you with a more detailed plan.    Ms. Lofgren. Oh, so you haven't actually begun that?    Mr. Gross. We have begun the process of identifying the technology from the standpoint that we think that the right tool for protecting the data is DRM. What solution set and the timeline for implementing it, we have not identified that as yet. We've looked at two technologies. We didn't put that in the report. We didn't want to advocate for any specific vendor, but we are looking at two right now as the potential tools that we would employ.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, I'm interested in whether you might conduct a pilot with different offerings. I mean, this is an important decision for the agency.    Mr. Gross. Absolutely, it is. And one of the things that we have to look at is we want to make sure that we don't break the business, that means we have to do this focused on the data that is the most sensitive and work our way out. So yes, we are not going to do this as a wholesale change across the organization because it's--not only do we have to evaluate if there's any internal impact, we have to evaluate is this going to create an impact with the businesses that we have to work with in the conduct of the mission.    Ms. Lofgren. Just a final note, I was interested in your comment that employees that are leaving are permitted to download their personal information on their computer. And my suggestion would be there shouldn't be any personal information on the government computer.    You know, people do dumb things. I--we once had a young person who downloaded BearShare who migrated all kinds of sensitive information unwittingly. You should create technological barriers to doing that, and if someone manages to subvert that, they should lose their personal information.    I'm just sort of interested in what technological methods have you deployed to prevent the migration of potentially harmful data from outside of your system.    Mr. Gross. Ma'am, I've arrived at FDIC in November, and I can assure you that there are several things that we've already begun to implement, but there are several other things that we'll be looking at implement going forward.    One of the messages to my staff is that security is not something that we bolt on after the fact. It's something that we include as part of the process from implementation moving toward. So I've identified a number of things in the 60-day plan, but I can assure you that those are immediate actions that we need to take because of these incidents that we've seen, but there are others that I'm fully looking to employ based on the years of experience knowing that it's about protecting the data and that we do have individuals that may do things mistakenly and we have to manage that. But we also have to manage for external adversarial threats as well. So I can assure you this is just the beginning of some of the things that will be implementing.    Ms. Lofgren. I see my time is expired, Mr. Chair.