    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for their presence here today, their testimony.    Let me just start with Mr. Buzbee. Am I correct that most interpretive rules are promulgated most often at the request of the industry?    Mr. Jeffries. And these requests are generally made to address regulatory uncertainties; is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. So what would the risk be, if any, if we were to move forward and subject revisions to the interpretive rules related to notice-and-comment rulemaking?    Mr. Jeffries. And what, if any, benefits are there as it relates to interpretive rules for both agencies, but more significantly to industries that they regulate?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, Mr. Brady, you mentioned that, I think, uncertainty is catastrophic to a small business; is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And would you say that there's uncertainty as it relates to the period of time in early 2013 as to whether we were going to fall over the fiscal cliff or not? Is that uncertainty that was----    Mr. Jeffries. And would you say there was uncertainty as relates to the impact of the sequestration cuts that have been imposed upon this country as a result of a deal that was struck several years ago that creates a climate that could be adverse to small businesses in America?    Mr. Jeffries. Yes.    Mr. Jeffries. When the government shut down in October of 2013, which I believe it was 16 days, it cost the economy about $24 billion in lost economic productivity, was there uncertainty as to the chaos that was imposed upon us as a result of this addiction with the Affordable Care Act repeal? Was that uncertainty problematic in terms of the government shutdown?    Mr. Jeffries. And we've been engaged in this process of serial flirtation with defaulting on our debt, which would be the first time that we would default in our Nation's history were that to happen, even though we're charged constitutionally with protecting the full, faith, and credit of America. Does the serial flirtation with not raising the debt ceiling and defaulting on our debt, aside from the catastrophic economic consequences that would be caused, does that create a level of uncertainty that is problematic for small businesses across America?    Mr. Jeffries. I think that's the easiest question of all.    Mr. Jeffries. Now Professor Buzbee, you mentioned that H.R. 3438 would cause legal uncertainty. Can you just elaborate on that dynamic and why that would be problematic for the industries that are seeking relief from regulation?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.