    Ms. DeGette. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    I think it's really important to hear from our witnesses today about the work the Federal Government is doing to address this serious public health issue, and I know all of the agencies represented before us do critical work to prevent and treat this epidemic.    In March, Secretary Burwell announced an initiative to combat the opioid crisis. I applaud the Department's actions, and I'm gratified to hear that this is one of the Secretary's top priorities. I want to hear more about this initiative today and how all the agencies before us are working together to accomplish its goals. But at the same time, I have some hard questions about our approach to caring for those who have substance abuse disorders.    Last week, we heard from a panel of medical experts who have vast experience in treating opioid addiction. Unfortunately, as the chairman said, they gave us a fairly bleak view of the opioid treatment landscape in this country. For example, one witness, Dr. Adam Bisaga, a psychiatrist at Columbia University and a research scientist at the New York State Psychiatric Institute, told the committee that the majority of patients being treated for opioid addiction received treatment that is both, ``outdated'' and ``mostly ineffective.'' He described this approach of rapid detoxification, followed by an abstinence-only method without the use of important treatment medications. Dr. Bisaga added that this is potentially dangerous because it raises the risk of an overdose if a patient relapses.    As troubling as this testimony from our last hearing was, today we have Dr. Volkow on our panel, who is one of the world's top experts on addiction research. And she notes--I'm sure you'll talk more about this, Doctor--in her written testimony that, ``Existing evidence-based prevention and treatment strategies are highly underutilized across the United States.''    Why is that, Mr. Chairman? Why do we have experts week after week telling us that the bulk of the treatment Americans are receiving for this devastating disease are ineffective, outdated, and not evidence based.    We need to be asking ourselves some tough questions. For example, Dr. Westreich, the president of the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, told us last week, ``Patients and their families need to know that detoxification treatment and drug-free counseling are associated with a very high risk of relapse.'' Are patients enrolling in treatment getting sufficient data so they can make medically informed choices? Are families and loved ones being told what approaches have high failure rates before choosing an approach to treatment? Frankly, this is not a decision that should be taken lightly. Getting ineffective treatment may not only be financially costly, but it may result in a fatal relapse.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, recent testimony, including some I saw in the written statements for today, raises important questions about whether taxpayer dollars should fund certain approaches for combating this opioid epidemic over others. This is an issue I've been talking about week after week. We all agree that we need the most effective treatment, and our experts agree that this treatment needs to be a broad menu of options that is different from patient to patient.    So we might not have a silver bullet to cure opioid addiction at this point, but we do know what treatments work better than others. Evidence tells us--and all the medical experts we heard from last week agree--that for most patients a combination of medication-assisted treatment and behavioral treatment, such as counseling and other supportive services, is the most effective way to treat opioid addiction. If that's the case, we should pursue more policies that encourage this approach as a clear option and steer away from any efforts that are not evidence based. It's costly, and it's dangerous to the patient.    So I hope we can all work together to fight this epidemic, and I do look forward to hearing from all of our witnesses. I'm glad Secretary Burwell and the department are devoting serious attention to addressing both the prevention and treatment sides of this problem.    And, Mr. Chairman, this has been a really great series. I'm happy to have a whole investigation like this in this committee. There's one group that we haven't heard from yet, I'm hoping----    Ms. DeGette. Good. The States. We haven't heard from the States yet. It's critical we hear from them because that's where the rubber is hitting the road. We need to hear what the States are doing to address this problem and understand the reasoning behind some of the choices being made. Some States are picking effective treatment methods, and others are not.    So I think we need a multifaceted approach that this is what our research has showed, and I know we can work together to continue this important investigation.    I just want to add one more note. The witnesses and the audience may see members jumping in and running out. We have another hearing in Energy and Commerce Committee going on down on the first floor, so people will be coming and going. But I know certainly, from my side of the aisle, people recognize this is a very serious issue. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. I thought it was at 11:00    Ms. DeGette. No. Wait, wait. Mr. Kennedy.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Volkow, as I mentioned in my opening statement, you're one of the world's top experts on the issue of treating addiction. Briefly, what does the body of scientific evidence show regarding the effectiveness of methadone and buprenorphine in this treatment of opioid abuse disorders?    Ms. DeGette. So in light of those studies, you also said in your testimony that existing evidence-based prevention and treatment strategies are highly underutilized across the United States. And last week we had an expert tell our panel that very few patients with opioid addiction today receive treatments that have been proven most effective. He was talking about this rapid detox followed by abstinence-based treatment.    I'm wondering, Dr. Volkow, if you can help understand this. Why do we have a situation where people are not getting evidence-based treatment?    Ms. DeGette. Dr. Frank, do you have anything to add to that?    Ms. DeGette. And, Dr. Houry, several of our witnesses, including you, mentioned the role of the States in this. Can you talk about that for a minute?    Ms. DeGette. And do you think the States have work to do in terms of implementing these programs that are science-based and that work?    Ms. DeGette. OK. Dr. Volkow, I want to come back to you. One of our other experts last week said patients and their families need to know that detoxification treatment and drug-free counseling are associated with a very high risk of relapse.    I'm wondering if you can tell us what the science shows. Is this type of treatment generally effective or less effective? What does the research show?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. So I just wanted to add, though, what you can do, you can make the Federal funding contingent on full programs, but we can't force the States or whatever regulatory agency is setting up the drug courts to offer this. They just can't get Federal money if they don't offer it.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman, Mr. McKinley asked the witnesses what one thing would you recommend that we could do to try to start reversing this epidemic and this problem. He got as far as Dr. Frank when he ran out of time. So I just ask unanimous consent, if we can ask each one of the other witnesses----    Ms. DeGette. But if you can get back to us with that recommendation. We recognize there is a problem, and we are really struggling with the issue of what we do as a Congress to remedy it. Thank you.