    Mr. Moser. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. And thank you very much for the invitation to appear before the committee today to discuss the U.S. consulates in northern Mexico.    Security is a top priority for the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations. Since the enactment of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act, SECCA, of 1999, OBO has completed 122 more secure facilities and have an additional 39 in design or under construction. These facilities provide more than 35,000 people with a safer workplace.    Constructing secure diplomatic facilities in Mexico underscores our commitment to strengthening our bilateral relationship and reflects increased U.S.-Mexican commitments to issues such as migration, counter-narcotics, trade, and border security.    Over the last 7 years, OBO has constructed new Consulate General facilities in Mexico in Ciudad Juarez, Tijuana, and most recently in Monterrey. Together, these facilities provide safer work space for over 770 staff.    Our work continues in northern Mexico with the new U.S. Consulate General in Nuevo Laredo under construction and expected to be completed in 2017. This new consulate will provide workspace for approximately 150 staff. Another U.S. Consulate General in Matamoros is in design and expected to be awarded for construction this fall and completed in 2019. This new Consulate General is planned to accommodate approximately 197 staff.    We have an active and aggressive site search underway in Mexico to meet our commitments. We are under contract for new Consulate General sites in Nogales, Guadalajara, Hermosillo, and anticipate closing on these sites in 2015 and 2016. We are also in the process of evaluating sites in Merida to replace the existing facilities.    Additionally, a new U.S. Embassy in Mexico City is currently in design and includes office space for over 1,300 staff members, a U.S. Marine security guard residence, and a consular area with over 75 teller windows.    OBO works closely with Diplomatic Security every step of the way on all of our projects. OBO and Diplomatic Security physical, technical, and industrial security specialists are involved in project development from early site selection, planning, design, construction, and through occupancy. All U.S. diplomatic facilities built by OBO meet the Department's standards for security and life safety.    By 2020, we expect to have constructed or broken ground on over nine new diplomatic facilities in Mexico that will serve as secure platforms from which to conduct diplomacy and to fulfill foreign policy objectives for many years to come.    And I'm happy to answer your questions at any time.    Mr. Moser. I don't know the exact percentage.    Mr. Moser. Excuse me. I'm sorry. I don't know the exact percentage sir. I do know that we have provided 150,000 pages of documents.    Mr. Moser. Sir, we have a process for producing them. And I do want to assure you that I or members of my staff are more than happy to work with your staff in order to prioritize----    Mr. Moser. Sir, we will work with you to try to produce the documents that you require.    Mr. Moser. Sir, I can't tell you how fast the process will work.    Mr. Moser. Not to any knowledge, sir. But in fact, it really wasn't a standard embassy design, sir. It was a derivative. It didn't really do the exact standard embassy design.    Mr. Moser. Sir, I acknowledge your concerns, and it is my obligation as a career State Department employee to make sure that we're doing our best to serve our taxpayers' concerns.    I will tell you that over time our security standards and our building quality has increased in order to adapt to actually new circumstances. And it's very hard without a detailed analysis that looks at site, where building is located, what we're trying to accomplish in each building to compare on a desk-by-desk basis.    Mr. Moser. As I've told you, it takes more of an accounting approach where you look at what the inputs are and then gauge it to what comes out.    Mr. Moser. No.    Mr. Moser. I'm not an expert on Mexico but, Congressman Mica----    Mr. Moser. I think there's ebbs and flows. There are parts of Mexico like Ciudad Juarez that are safer now than they were before.    Mr. Moser. Yes.    Mr. Moser. Yes, that's Ciudad Juarez, Tijuana, and Monterrey.    Mr. Moser. Ma'am, I cannot build a building without Mr. Starr's explicit approval.    Mr. Moser. Yes, ma'am, that's correct.    Mr. Moser. That's correct, ma'am.    Mr. Moser. Yes, ma'am. They do depend somewhat on Mexico City's case about when we will receive the clean site.    Mr. Moser. For a very small portion in the southern corner of the site.    Mr. Moser. Ma'am, we are working with our seller in order to obtain the clean site, and we are working currently on a timeline for the delivery of that, and we expect it to be sometime in the fall of 2016.    Mr. Moser. If you mean how we're responding, I will say this: You know, we looked for 10 years, over a decade, at 20 different sites in Mexico City to find one that would meet our very robust and--by this hearing everyone acknowledges--very important diplomatic platform that we have in Mexico City.    When we finally identified from our seller the Nuevo Blanco site, which is a short couple mile distance from our current location, we realized that this would actually fulfill all of our programmatic needs, from providing an effective platform for our law enforcement agencies to our traditional diplomatic activities, to even providing space for a Benjamin Franklin library, which is very important for our public diplomacy outreach.    Yes, there have been delays in acquiring the site, but we still feel that within this timeline that this is sufficient for us to build a building from the time we receive the site and get it up and operational. And that construction timeline is around 50 months.    Mr. Moser. Yes, ma'am, that is correct. Because, you know--and one of the things I want to note here, you know, it would've been--it would've been possible, of course, to find a greenfield site if we wanted to be well outside of Mexico City.    But to the extent that we need to engage with our colleagues in the Mexican Government and in businesses, we need to be in an urban location that really mirrors our present diplomatic platform.    Mr. Moser. Sir, those are correct, but I will note that the original figure, the $550 million figure that we initially reported to Congress did not include the site acquisition cost. And that's the reason. So the real difference is about 700 versus 900, and that does reflect the 40 percent growth in staffing.    Mr. Moser. Sir, if I could just make one comment on that.    Mr. Moser. I too am very, very concerned about the cost of these facilities, and we are always focused on the cost. But it is true that it does take more money per capita or per desk to build a smaller facility than it does a large one. Because as I've said, the first point of all of this is your requirements. What do you have to do. And it's easier to expand a building and make it bigger to get a per-desk charge than it is.    Mr. Moser. Well, as I said, it depends on the requirements for the various locations. And a smaller number of----    Mr. Moser. Yes, sir.    Mr. Moser. Well, there are places where it's surprisingly inexpensive in----    Mr. Moser. I'll have to get back to you.    Mr. Moser. Sir, there's a very good line of inquiry. And let me explain that. That in that particular instance, we had a smallish site, somewhere around a little--I think a little bit less than 5 acres. And in order for us to situate our building on the site and have all of the required setbacks and all the required security requirements that we would have to have, according to our overseas security standards, that we had to demolish the existing residence on the site.    Now, where will that person go? We will obtain appropriate housing for the principal officer, and that's what we do in countries all over the world.    Mr. Moser. Well, he does have a residence now, sir.    Mr. Moser. No, sir, it doesn't.    Mr. Moser. Sir, we usually find principal officers or fund principal officers' residence out of our leasehold account, which is also appropriation from Congress. And we do have a dialogue with our appropriators about how much these individual residences cost.    Mr. Moser. Sir, to find a big enough site where we can put a facility that really accomplishes the diplomatic goals, we are trying to----    Mr. Moser. It has been announced, sir, but I'll turn that over to my colleagues.