    Ms. Duckworth. That sounds wonderful.    Ms. Duckworth. Of course. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to thank you for holding this hearing today. It's an important hearing because it's an opportunity to make sure that the Federal Government, and in particular FEMA, is doing everything it can to help the victims of this flood in Louisiana.    This hearing is also an opportunity to examine how FEMA's response to natural disasters has evolved since Hurricane Sandy in 2012 and how much has improved since the disastrous response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005.    The torrential rains that hit Louisiana over the last few weeks have been described as a 1 in a 1,000 year event. Some areas received as much as 2 feet of water during the rains and river levels rose to record highs, in some cases reaching as high as 6 feet. The harm inflicted was vast, flooding more than 100,000 homes and forcing thousands of families to flee.    FEMA deserves credit for being prepared to respond quickly to this massive natural disaster, and I commend President Obama for expediting the major disaster declaration on the very same day that Governor Edwards requested it. While FEMA must continue working to improve its emergency preparedness and response efforts, it is important to recognize that in a short space of weeks since the flooding FEMA has released over $450 million to help individual flood victims, placed 2,717 families in hotels and motels, and deployed 333 manufactured housing units to the region. As Governor Edwards noted, ``From the very beginning of this event, FEMA has been by our side,'' and, ``responsive to all of our requests.''    Of course government is only one component of a comprehensive response. Americans from all walks of life have stepped forward to help the victims of flooding in Louisiana. I know from personal experience that engaging with our communities and helping others fosters a sense of shared sacrifice. At a time when our politics seems more focused on tearing us apart than bringing us together, that shared sacrifice will help us rekindle the national unity that has made us the strongest Nation in the world.    During painful times of disaster and hardship is when we most need to come together in service to one another. I've been inspired by hundreds of AmeriCorps members who deployed to the flooded areas of Louisiana to assist with recovery operations.    The leadership of these Americans who are devoting time to helping others is why I joined forces with Congressman John Lewis and my fellow combat veteran Seth Moulton to introduce the 21st Century American Service Act, which seeks to ensure that all young Americans have an opportunity to serve their country through civilian national service. The efforts of FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps disaster response teams to support shelter operations, home cleanup operations, survivor call centers, and disaster survivor assistance teams is a real world example of how national service can be a force for good in our communities and effect real change in American lives.    I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing today. I yield back.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to start off by recognizing former Senator Mary Landrieu, who's joined us. Welcome, Senator. Thank you.    I'd like to sort of look at some of the issues. It sounds to me like FEMA has policies, much of it specified by Congress as to what you can do, what you cannot do, and I'm just trying to figure out if there are specific challenges that are affecting this particular recovery operations and what we in Congress can do to help you be able to do that.    And let me just--I'd like to start off with this, the food and water issue here. Mr. Robinson, you said that the prepositioning stockpiles for food and water are prepositioned in conjunction with the State, and then the Louisiana National Guard actually is who deploys--deploys them. So did that happen? Were those stockpiles there and were those stockpiles deployed?    Ms. Duckworth. So Governor, did the National Guard deliver?    Governor Edwards. Yes. And look, I am not going to quarrel with the mayors if they say they didn't receive waters as timely as they wanted to. I will tell you there was not a request that came from a Parish Office of Emergency Preparedness that was not timely responded to in full in terms of delivering water to the parish where we were asked to. And if there was a problem, it wasn't with the lack of water. It was with the lack of communication and coordination as to where that water needed to go. And that was one of the primary purposes of my visits to each of those parishes while we were still responding to get face to face, both with the parish president and the director of the Office of Emergency Preparedness in the parish to make sure that their request, coming to us through WEB EOC were being fulfilled, and never one time, in all honesty, did they tell me anything to the contrary.    Now, I can't tell you that they got water. I can only tell you that we met every request that we got at the Governor's office of Homeland Security for waters and for meals.    Ms. Duckworth. Mayor Shelton, did the parish leadership contact you and let you know that you could make the request for water and MREs?    Ms. Duckworth. I think Congressman Graves should be applauded for helping.    Ms. Duckworth. Absolutely.    Ms. Duckworth. But I'm still worried about the breakdown in communication because if FEMA didn't come to you, but then the parish leadership apparently didn't brief you either that you could put in the request, right, because it goes through the parish leadership?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Okay. Sounds like there are breakdowns both with the FEMA rep not briefing you, and then also, with the local State and parish leadership as well because you didn't get that information specifically that you could--that you could request it.    I do also want to touch on one other thing before we return to this discussion. And as--Mayor Ramsey, just--I'm going to give you a chance in just a second, but I--I want to give you an opportunity to think about what you said, and I think it was because in the passion of the moment, in the frustration that you said that, you know, yes, you heard FEMA has improved since Katrina, but this isn't Katrina. These are blue collar working folks who just want to get to their jobs, not like in Katrina. I don't think you meant to say that the victims in Katrina were not hardworking blue collar families also.    Ms. Duckworth. Okay.    Ms. Duckworth. Sure.    Ms. Duckworth. Mr. Robinson, are these FEMA policies, regulations, manuals, SOPs, same thing, do you need something from Congress to say that you can put an MHU in a flood area so that you can put these people into housing, or that your staging center can actually break down cases of water or don't have to?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Governor, do you have, in your National Guard, mobile deployed communication units so that these teams that go out because we--they've been deployed all around, they're all around the Nation now. These are mobile teams that go out and actually provide the communication nodes throughout a disaster? Do you have one of those in Louisiana? You should have a--I don't know if you do or not, but I would--go ahead.    Governor Edwards. Well, I don't know that we deployed any communications teams. We have a Elwin system that had 135 units. We never had less than 134 working throughout. And there were problems talking by cell phone, and I know that that's--that's the--I see all the cell phones out on the table now, but the emergency folks, the first responders never had a communication problem.    And--but I will tell you, when the AT&T cell service went down, it impacted everybody. And it made things much more difficult than it would have been otherwise, but the emergency communications network performed very, very well. In fact, we probably have the best in the country because of upgrades after Katrina that we continue to invest in and to update every year.    So I will--I don't know that we ever deployed any National Guard communications units, but I don't know that it would have helped us in any way to do that.    Ms. Duckworth. Well, there are these units that the National Guard has, and they have been deployed now for, I think, over 18 months Nationwide--actually a little longer than that, that actually come out, and they set up a satellite shop, and they provide the mobile services wireless, both for Internet and also for cell phone so that those in the local area--and if Louisiana does not have one of those, you might want to take a look----    Governor Edwards. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Duckworth. --at requesting that. I just think that--there seems to be breakdowns in procedures, and again, Mr. Robinson, you haven't really answered my question. Are there things that we in Congress can do to give you the authority, whether it is exceptions to policy, whether there is us asking the administration, the White House to give you exception so that you can do things, like placing an MHU in a flood zone so that those folks who are affected can actually have a place to stay while they're trying to fix up their houses? Or is that something that FEMA can actually review its own procedures and do yourselves?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Are you going to have meetings with these mayors and the parish? It seems like there's a breakdown between the municipalities and the parish and the State and FEMA. FEMA and State seem to be working together very well, and you've got kudos from, I think, Mayor Shelton said that, you know, I wish there were more of you out there, but once you make that connection, it works.    But he didn't know that he needed to send his water request up to his parish leadership, and that's a failure both with the FEMA representative, but it's also a failure of the parish leadership that didn't let him know either. So I sort of feel like there's somebody that needs to come in here and say, all right, we're all going to sit down at the table and we're going to figure out how we do this better. Is that happening?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Thank you. I've run overtime. I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. I recognize myself. Mr. Robinson, let me ask you question. Every other person sitting at that table, and probably you as well, could introduce you to hundreds of people in their communities that will tell you a story that goes something like this:    I have a home that is worth $200,000 before the flood. That flooding gutted it right now, and so that home flooding gutted, pick a number, it's worth $100,000. It's going to cost me $80,000 to get it back in shape again. I lost all my clothes. That's going to cost me $10,000. I lost both my cars. That's going to cost me $40,000. All right. Add these things up; you can throw in an elevated home, whatever you want to do. Without question, you're getting into six figures. The individual assistance cap on Stafford Act is $33,000. Is that correct?