    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee. I join in congratulating my colleague from Michigan, Mr. Trott, for his authorship of the measure that is before us. I support it, and I am a cosponsor of it. As a matter of fact, there are a number of reasons for my support.    Number one, the bill addresses a real need, recognized by regulatory agencies, bankruptcy experts, and the private sector that the bankruptcy law must be amended so that it can expeditiously restore trust in the financial marketplace as soon as possible after the collapse of a major financial institution.    Many of us recall the failure of Lehman Brothers in 2008 which caused a worldwide freeze on the availability of credit, which not only affected Wall Street but Main Street as well.    The near collapse of our Nation's economy because of Lehman's failure revealed that current bankruptcy law is ill equipped to deal with complex financial institutions in economic distress. H.R. 2947 would establish a specialized form of bankruptcy relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code by which the holding company of a large financial institution could voluntarily use or be forced to use by the Federal Reserve Board, under certain conditions.    The debtor's operating subsidiaries would continue to operate outside of bankruptcy while the debtor's principal assets--such as secured property, financial contracts, and the stock of its subsidiaries--would be transferred to a temporary bridge company. The bridge company, under the guidance of a trustee, in turn, would liquidate these assets to pay the claims of the debtor's creditors.    The legislation would also impose a temporary stay to prevent parties from exercising their rights in certain qualified financial contracts. Each critical step of this process would be under the supervision of a bankruptcy judge and subject to the right of appeal.    Another reason for my support is that it appropriately recognizes the important role of the Dodd-Frank Act in the regulation of large financial institutions. Without doubt, the Great Recession was a direct result of the regulatory equivalent of the Wild West. In the absence of any meaningful regulation of the mortgage industry, lenders developed high risk subprime mortgages and used predatory marketing tactics targeting the most vulnerable.    These doomed-to-fail mortgages were then securitized and sold to unsuspecting investors, including pension funds and school districts. The ensuing 2008 crash froze credit and trapped millions of Americans in mortgages they could no longer afford, causing waves of foreclosures, massive unemployment, and international economic upheaval.    The Dodd-Frank Act goes a long way toward reinvigorating a regulatory system that makes the financial marketplace more accountable and hopefully more resilient. In particular, Title II of Dodd-Frank establishes a mandatory resolution process to wind down large financial institutions, which is a critical enforcement tool for bank regulators to ensure compliance with the Act's heightened regulatory requirements.    Nevertheless, Dodd-Frank clearly recognizes that bankruptcy should be a first resort and that Title II's orderly resolution process should be a last resort. In fact, Title I of the Act explicitly requires these companies to write so-called living wills that must explain how they will resolve their financial difficulties in a hypothetical bankruptcy scenario. This is because bankruptcy law has, for more than 100 years, enabled some of the Nation's largest companies to regain their financial footing, including General Motors and Chrysler Corporations.    But to be a truly viable alternative to Dodd-Frank's resolution process, the bankruptcy law must be amended to facilitate the rapid administration of a debtor's assets in an orderly fashion that maximizes value and minimizes disruption to the financial marketplace.    And finally, I am pleased to note that this bill is the product of a very collaborative, inclusive, and deliberative process, which I hope would be more regularly employed in this Congress and not the exception when it comes to drafting legislation.    While an excellent measure, H.R. 2947 unfortunately does not include any provision allowing the Federal Government to be a lender of last resort, which nearly every expert recognizes is a necessary element to ensure financial stability. I recognize, however, that this is an issue not within the Committee's jurisdiction but more within the area of the jurisdiction of the Financial Services Committee.    I welcome the witnesses, particularly Mr. Levin, and I thank the witnesses for their participation here today, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, sir. Mr. Levin, the National Bankruptcy Conference states regulators should not have the power to commence an involuntary Subchapter V. Do you have any reasons to let us know why the Conference takes this position?    Mr. Conyers. Please.    Mr. Conyers. Thanks. Now Subchapter V, could it operate as intended if there is no secured lender of last resort, Mr. Levin, such as the Federal Government. How would you respond to those who would say that this could amount to a taxpayer funded bailout of Wall Street people.    Mr. Conyers. All right, two then.    Mr. Conyers. Well, do you think that by allowing it--if there is no secured lender of last resort--that we may be in some ways rewarding irresponsible behavior?    Mr. Conyers. Now, going to Mr. Bernstein for his response to this question. If Subchapter V was in existence when Lehman failed, would it have achieved a better result with respect to the case's impact on the Nation's financial marketplace?    Mr. Conyers. So your answer is a substantially yes.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.