    Mr. Cramer. Thank the Chairman, and the Ranking Member, once again for suffering along with me as you wait for the last questioner. And thanks to both of you as well. And thank you, Commissioner Pai, for referencing the letter that 114 of my closest friends and I sent to the Chairman and to the FCC regarding standalone, and to both of you for addressing it so thoroughly today. And I might just hone in a little bit on some of the finer points regarding the timeline. Because in the letter I received, Mr. Chairman, from you yesterday you often referred to a lack of consensus. There seems to be some consensus. You pledged that by the end of the year we will solve this, but we need more consensus from stakeholders. As you both know, of course, the community presented a plan in 2013, modified somewhat over the last couple of years to meet moving targets.    I might ask you, Commissioner Pai, you have offered up I think your quote there from your plan was simple amendments to existing rules as an outcome. And one of the things I have noticed around here, and I have certainly noticed in regulatory bodies, having served on one, we can tend to complicate simple things. My goal is usually the opposite of that. Are there issues in the plan that prevent this from going forward, or prevent us from utilizing that as the model, or are there other issues that have caused this to take so long?    Mr. Cramer. Chairman Wheeler, can we meet the end of the year deadline? Is there a reason we can't meet that, and are we attaching too many other things to the simple solution?    Mr. Cramer. Yes.    Mr. Cramer. Indeed.    Mr. Cramer. Well, there are other issues the FCC has taken up this year that I wish there would have been more consensus on, so I don't want consensus to mean 100 percent, as you might imagine.    Shifting, then, just a little bit with my remaining time, we spent some time talking about, of course, the auction. I was about to call it the voluntary auction. That is what it used to be called. I think it still is. The word voluntary is how it is often referred to, because, of course, it is, in fact, voluntary, both opting in and opting out. And, as you know, the $1.75 billion that Congress has put in for the repacking fund is probably not going to be enough, considering that we are looking at, what, 1,100, maybe, TV stations that are going to have to involuntarily move.    Is there a plan to deal with that shortfall that I can assure my rural North Dakota broadcasters that they won't have to bear all the costs? Maybe Commissioner Pai first, and then the Chairman with the remaining time.    Mr. Cramer. Chairman, do you want to speak----    Mr. Cramer. Thank you both. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.