    Mr. HARRIS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Chu. It is a pleasure to be here today.    To give you a little background, Padgett Business Services provides accounting, tax, and payroll services to small businesses. We are currently celebrating our 50th year and have over 200 offices throughout the United States.    We define a small business as someone with less than 20 employees. Now, a lot of people consider that to be a ``mom-and-pop'' type business, but I would remind those people that almost 90 percent of people who have employees would fit that definition, so it is a very powerful part of our economy.    Our history and our relationship with our clients gives us a good perspective to comment on the interactions that small businesses have with the IRS and, in our case, their representative. Specifically as it relates to audits, no taxpayer, be it an individual or small business, ever wants to receive a notice that they are being audited. But in a voluntary tax system like we have, there is an element of enforcement that must be present. So, if you are successful and stay in business long enough, there is a good possibility you are going to interact with the IRS in some form of audit or some sort of correspondence.    Currently, the IRS really executes two different types of audits on small business. The one that seems to be most prevalent and continues to increase over the years is the correspondence audit. Now, the idea behind a correspondence audit is that some computer or some person somewhere in the bureaucracy selects what appears to be some simpler issues and the small business owner is notified by mail, as the name indicates, and they are to respond to that notice about the specific issues in question. In theory, this is a very good system and I think it is partly the reason that we are seeing more and more of these is for the better use of IRS resources. It eliminates face to face, which is intended, again, I think, to minimize the cost and burden that a small business owner or their representative might face.    Unfortunately, it does not work always as intended. First and foremost, sometimes the tax code is a little more complicated than it might seem, and what looks like a simple issue that can be very easily dealt with through correspondence really has more complicated pieces in it than may be on the surface. Sometimes that lack of face-to-face is a disadvantage, not an advantage, because the small business owner or their representative may feels like they are just talking to the bureaucracy and they do not really know where their information is and what is being done with it, and if there is something that needs to be questioned explained, there is not a real convenient process to do that.    The thing that we probably hear the most as a criticism of correspondence audit through our company and our experiences, is that there is an inconsistency in the quality of this unknown person responding from the IRS. In many instances it is almost as if they do not know the issue as well as the representative or the taxpayer does. Eventually, you really do need to move to a face-to-face environment to get the issue resolved. So, in many instances, what starts as a correspondence audit can only be resolved if it moves to some sort of face-to-face contact.    We understand that correspondence audits are probably going to continue to be the preferred method of auditing small businesses, but if that is the case, I think there are three areas that the IRS needs to focus on and address.    First of all, they need to do a better job of selecting the issues that work in this type of environment, so if it is going to be done through correspondence, it is an issue that can be resolved through corespondence. Secondly, they need to have more consistency and better training of their employees. And finally, I think something that is very important is they need to develop a tracking system. It is interesting to us that FedEx or UPS can track packages all the way through the delivery process, but the IRS cannot allow a taxpayer or a representative to track the status of their information in their audit. There needs to be better tracking of the information as it is submitted and as it is going through the process.    The audits that I think we all associate with the IRS are field audits where people come out and spend time either at the small business owner's place of business or the representative's place of business. The good news for that is you tend to get a more trained and better qualified IRS representative. The bad news is those audits can last days, weeks, months, and sometimes years, and the cost of those are almost exclusively the burden of the small business owner. Again, they are necessary evils because they can be very costly and very expensive.    I agree almost completely with some of the comments of Mr. Davenport as we move forward with online accounts. The IRS is setting up individual accounts, which I commend them for. However, there is a vast need for business accounts and practitioner accounts. Currently, about 70 percent of small business owners have some sort of relationship with a practitioner, and, therefore, you need to give access to accounts to the people who would be most likely to use them. Unless you operate as a Schedule C, if you are a partnership or a corporation, there are no accounts right now, but I think we need those accounts as well.    Finally, even on the individual accounts, which I think are a step in the right direction, and I certainly understand the challenges of identity theft that the service is facing, but right now the service says that the way to authenticate those accounts today, by their own admission, are only successful 30 percent of the time. If we are going to have individual accounts, they need to be something that the average person can actually access when needed.    So with that, I see my time is up, again, thank you for allowing me to being here, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. HARRIS. They have what they call a DIF score. Tax returns are scored and compared to some norms of other returns and their prior returns, which, I guess, is the most common way. They also at times target specific issues where they see problems either in a tax part of a law or taxpayer behavior. Sometimes they are just random. They do some audits that are for research purposes, and those are done randomly and are done in great depth and detail. Quite honestly, sometimes you just do not know why you are selected. You see some returns that you think, wow, I do not know why that one is not getting an audit and one that looks fairly simple gets one, so, I think there are a lot of different reasons. I am not sure anybody knows them all.    Mr. HARRIS. No, I think your comments are true. We need to move to more electronic filing capabilities, and I think the service, if I was going to be critical, it is the old saying, ``The enemy of good is perfect.'' At some point we need to begin to allow businesses--there is always a reason not to do something. We need to start trying to find a reason to do something.    Mr. HARRIS. I really have no idea why it would be the preferred method because it is the most cumbersome method. It creates the most difficulties. I guess if you have exhausted every other tool. As you said, there are plenty of opportunities through any collection process through the use of installment agreements or offers in compromise or just paying the tab, it should be in all cases the place of last resort. If it moves up anywhere beyond that, then something in the system has not gone as intended because, again, that should be the last thing anyone gets to because that has the most severe impact of all on a small business owner.