    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am not a political scientist, I am not a historian, I am just someone who loves our country and loves America. And I don't like it when I see us all fighting like this.    And I will tell you the Pope, though I am a Catholic, has told me to pay attention to some of this. But I think we have a lot of misinformation out here.    I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for recognizing me and Director, for coming today--I am sure this is more fun than going to the dentist, maybe.    For decades, the National Environmental Policy Act has improved our environment and fostered fairness in our communities by ensuring that the government remains accountable to the people. And we all agree the government needs to remain accountable to the people.    The NEPA process requires Federal agencies to review their proposed actions in light of their potential impacts on the human environment, the places where we all live, work, and play. I want to commend CEQ for issuing this historic and significant guidance for how agencies should consider emissions during the NEPA review process. But I think, as we are seeing here today, there is a lot of misinformation about what the guidance really means. And I want to clarify those misconceptions, so we are all on the same page.    Director Goldfuss, will agencies be required to prepare environmental impact statements for every proposed action that emits GHGs?    Mrs. Dingell. Will this guidance require agencies to prepare more EISs instead of EAs?    Mrs. Dingell. Opponents claim that this guidance is burdensome and costly. How is this guidance consistent with the President's stated goal of streamlining the permitting process, which is something I think we agree with on both sides? How does this actually accomplish it, not make it more complicated?    Mrs. Dingell. Why does CEQ recommend agencies use projected emissions as a proxy for climate effects?    Mrs. Dingell. I want to thank the Director for coming today and answering these questions. I think it is clear that this guidance will give more certainty to project sponsors and set the rules for the roads, for how each agency should account for these impacts. And I think it would hopefully reduce the time that goes into much of this because of it.    I want to thank the Director and CEQ for the good work on this important issue, and yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. LaMalfa.