    Mr. Bousum. Okay. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Bousum. Well, Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, esteemed subcommittee members, my opening statement is part of my written testimony, and since we have a--kind of a tight schedule with votes I am willing to just submit it for the record and not read.    Mr. Bousum. Sure.    Mr. Bousum. Absolutely. Yes, no problem.    Well, on behalf of the Enlisted Association of the National Guard, it is a pleasure to testify on the critical issue of health care reform. Our membership represents over 414,000 enlisted men and women of the Army and Air National Guard, their families and survivors, and the tens of thousands of National Guard retirees.    Each and every year one of them is affected by health care when the Guard mobilizes in support of our country or when they fulfill their strategic missions. We welcome this opportunity to submit testimony for the record.    Our members appreciate the countless hours that you and your staff have devoted to ensure that our service members receive the best care.    Under committee leadership, the National Defense Authorization Act committed the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission .    The commissioners made recommendations to ensure--or to Congress on how to improve health care access that would eliminate problems currently encountered by Guard and Reserve members and families. We encourage the committee to consider the commission's final recommendations as they explore health care reform.    From the Guard's perspective, it is difficult to discuss health care without addressing the complexity of our duty statuses. The military's complex personnel system directly affects Guard pay, health care, and even burial rights, based on what duty status orders are published under.    The focus of today's discussion does not include National Guard duty status reform, but I suggest that the type of health care coverage members receive should be separated from whether or not they are on Active or Inactive Duty military orders.    Service members and their families should have one health care program regardless of duty status. Separating the two would fix the continuity of care issue creating problems for members of the Guard and their families.    As you consider changes next year, please keep in mind that access is a problem because most members of the National Guard do not live on or near military installations. As a result, many of our members drive hundreds of miles for appointments, only to be referred to a specialist who may or may not be available under TRICARE.    Additionally, their frustration is compounded because appointments may not be scheduled in what you or I would consider a reasonable timeframe.    This association, in conjunction with the Reserve Officers Association and the National Guard Association of the United States , circulated a health care satisfaction survey to our members. The results of the survey are enclosed with my written testimony. After reviewing the survey results, I am not prepared to say that TRICARE is broken.    I want to recognize Reserve Officers Association and the National Guard Association of the United States for their input in today's testimony. Together, our membership makes up the entirety of the Reserve Component, officers and enlisted, and all over 1.1 million members, which includes every mobilization category.    So thank you again for hosting this hearing. As the discussion continues, we look forward to working closely with you and your staff as you look at military health care reform.    Mr. Bousum. I was just going to interject quickly--I am running on a little time here--when guardsmen go onto TRICARE Prime and they are called to Active Duty and there is a switch in this continuity of care, the--our members are now deployed and their family members are left to work this convoluted nightmare with them, you know, now thinking of their family and it affects readiness, so----    Mr. Bousum. Well, I would say--and in our case it's not this way but it should be this way, that a guardsman should have the same health care regardless of their duty status, that it should be something that fits the needs of the service member and their family, and that it is something that they have 365 days a year until they maybe opt to change that. But it shouldn't change at any point regardless of what happens during that year.    Mr. Bousum. So actually, a part of the--my written testimony, my organization would actually support the basically FEHBP plan and bringing everything over to OPM . They manage for Federal employees, and that there could be a structure in place that they could support that for service members.    In terms of access--you know, better access to private care, we would--from a readiness perspective we would have to ensure that doctors understand readiness levels for the different services. There are different standards for every service member, and so in order to do that, that is asking more--putting the onus on them. So if a service member comes in, perhaps, with the flu but they look to be overweight, then a doctor would say, ``Okay, you know, I am taking care of, you know, your flu symptoms but, you know, I also am now responsible for reporting this.''    One thing, and this is, you know, as you are looking at reform this is somewhat outside the box, but in order to, you know, in order to go that route, perhaps a cost offset for that doctor would be that the Federal Government reimburse some portion of their Federal student loans.    Mr. Bousum. Okay.    Mr. Bousum. Yes. I honestly, for the most part I echo that sentiment. I have an example from the previous line of questioning.    I have a member filled out our survey. There was room for additional comments. They had a torn ACL . Took 5 months. Ended up having to do it at a, you know, at an outside hospital, a civilian hospital.    In fact, the doctor--this was someone in the National Capital Region, obviously, because a doctor at Fort Belvoir actually said, ``With your age being 64 years old, you should just wait till closer to 70 and have your knee replaced.'' I mean, that is not something that is said.    Mr. Bousum. Well, the point I was going to make was actually about that ACL surgery, so I was able to work it into another answer.    As far as interoperability goes--and the comment was made that I think that there are decisions being made at high levels that don't actually make it down to the people who end up, you know, at the base level, so that's a particular problem that we are seeing.    I would say that as far as--it is unfortunate that there are numerous members of the Guard and their families that aren't allowed to use an MTF, and so I think that that should be across-the-board access. And I think that our members would welcome that because it is a one-stop shop, it is--they are around other service members, they are--they would be more willing to go, and they feel more comfortable and they would like their primary care provider. And so, yes.    Mr. Bousum. So I am flipping through here. Our poll shows that, ``Does TRICARE Reserve provide health care in a quick and timely manner?''    ``All the time'' is 46 percent, and ``very little of the time'' is about 5 percent.    And then, let's see, ``Does TRICARE provide a good selection of network providers to meet medical needs?'' This one's really across the board. It just depends on when it works as advertised, which some of our members say, ``TRICARE works and it is great when I get it, but otherwise no,'' so I'm happy. It should be in front of you on, let's see, it's about the fourth question.    Mr. Bousum. Well, you know, we know that this is a multiple-year effort and we know that, you know, you and your staff are going out in the field and meeting with service members, Reserve Component, and Active Component. What I can say--I don't really want to speculate. What I would say is I will just, you know, continue to work with your staff and to, you know, get a better idea of this concept and perhaps tailor the survey we are already sending to our members in a way that could better get results for you.