    Mr. Steinle. Thank you. First of all, I would like to thank the Members of this Committee for the honor to speak to you about our daughter, Kate. All children are special in their own way. Kate was special in the way she connected with people. We called it the ``Kate effect.''    Kate was beautiful, she was kind, she was loving and deep in faith. Kate had a special soul, a kind heart, the most contagious laugh, and a smile that would light up a room. Kate loved to travel and spend time with her friends, and, most of all, spend time with her family. In fact, the day she was killed we were walking arm in arm on Pier 14 in San Francisco enjoying a wonderful day together. Suddenly a shot rang out, Kate fell, looked at me and said, ``Help me, Dad.'' Those were the last words I will ever hear from my daughter.    The day Kate died, she changed her Facebook cover photo to a saying that said, ``Whatever is good for your soul, do that.'' This quote truly describes her spirit. After graduating from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, she went to work for a title company and saved her money so she could travel the world. She traveled to Spain, Thailand, Amsterdam, Dubai, South Africa, just to name a few. She even made her way to the slums of Mumbai, India to reach out to her friend's mother's nanny. She spent time there with the woman's family and came home a changed person.    Everywhere Kate went throughout the world she shined the light of a good citizen of the United States of America. Unfortunately, due to disjointed laws and basic incompetence on many levels, the U.S. has suffered a self-inflicted wound in the murder of our daughter by the hand of a person that should never have been on the streets of this country.    I say this because the alleged murder is an undocumented immigrant who has been convicted of seven felonies in the U.S. and already deported five times. Yet in March of this year, he was released from jail to stay here freely because of legal loopholes.    It is unbelievable to see so many innocent Americans have been killed by undocumented immigrant felons in recent years. In fact, we recently came across a statistic that says between 2010 and 2014, 121 criminal aliens who had an active deportation case at the time of release were subsequently charged with homicide-related offenses. Think about that: 121 times over 4 years an illegal immigrant, a violent illegal immigrant, with prior criminal convictions that later went on to be charged with murder when they should have been deported. That is one every 12 days.    Our family realizes the complexities of immigration laws. However, we feel strongly that some legislation should be discussed, enacted, or changed to take these undocumented immigrant felons off our streets for good. We would be proud to see Kate's name associated with some of this new legislation. We feel that if Kate's law saves one daughter, one son, a father or mother, Kate's death will not be in vain.    Thank you.    Mr. Steinle. Well, absolutely.    Mr. Steinle. Yes.    Mr. Steinle. Well, Mr. Chairman, if I may, our intent with Kate's law is to get rid of or do something with the violent felons. The way I understand the law is if any undocumented person comes into the United States and subsequently is deported, then comes back into the United States, they are a felon.    Mr. Steinle. They are a felon at that point.    Mr. Steinle. But where I see that we have to hone in on is a felon is not a felon is a felon. We are talking about violent felons that come in here to the United States. If we try to arrest every felon, the jails would be full, and the officers here would be extremely busy. I think we need to differentiate somehow or another the levels of felonies, and that is another can of worms. I understand that. But do you see that as a----    Mr. Steinle. I understand.    Mr. Steinle. Sure, I understand.    Mr. Steinle. I did not hear the question.    Mr. Steinle. Mr. Steinle. If I may, I would like to recognize my sisters here in grief that supported us during this. They have been there, done that, and we are going to carry this forward, and hopefully some good will come from Kate's death. Thank you.    Mr. Steinle. Thank you.