    Mr. Carson. Well, Chairman Barletta, thank--we had a hearing with the CIA Director and I didn't have access to my phone. And then, when I finally escaped I saw the messages. But my apologies. But I want to thank you guys.    Chairman, I think--for the sake of time, I think we should still continue, because I was the one who was late, so thank you.    Mr. Carson. Thank you very much, Chairman Barletta. Madam Hoffman, your testimony notes that the Department's research and development activities with respect to developing spare transformer components, what is the cost to manufacturers when we are making these alternative components? And has a domestic manufacturer been identified so that we can ensure that there is no disruption to its prior usage?    Mr. Carson. Thank you. Administrator Fugate, in the event of a widespread outage, what are FEMA's plans for communicating with citizens on response and recovery efforts when there is essentially zero electricity?    Mr. Carson. And lastly, Madam Durkovich, have our most critical transformers and substations within the bulk power system been identified so that we have a clear comprehension of system dependencies? And even cascading impacts from a widespread power outage, regardless of the cost?    Mr. Carson. Thank you, ma'am.    Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta.    Ms. Kilmer, you mentioned that Claverack Rural is not connected to the bulk power system, but you receive services from a subtransmission system. What does that mean for your cooperative in the event of a nationwide cyberattack on the grid?    Mr. Carson. Mr. Cauley, there was a newspaper article yesterday that indicated that the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security have been warning the power industry over the last month about a potential cyberattack. What role has the Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center--what role might they play in distributing this kind of information?    Mr. Carson. Yes, sir.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.