    Mr. Coffman. Yes.    Mr. Coffman. Sure.    Mr. Coffman. See, for our military personnel there is no compensation in terms of if you lose money on the sale of your home, there is no compensation for that. Yet for VA executives when the move is directed there is compensation for that. And what we can see is that in compensation, this level of compensation is so high that it incentivizes this culture of corruption where we have an example of a senior executive who is indented to move and forces somebody else out of their position just to move to get the compensation. And I just think that that is extraordinary.    And I, you know, what is so upsetting about this I think is the fact that you do not have leadership at the top of the Veterans Administration that seems to be concerned about reforming this process. That it is always the whistleblower that comes up with this, or you as the Inspector General's Office, from the Inspector General's Office, that comes up with these issues. And that the VA is so slow to respond. And we had testimony today of individuals that were involved in the appointment wait time scandal that are still with, that were at the top of the scandal, that were complicit in the scandal by all observations, that are still on paid administrative leave and this issue happened last year.    Can you, I know that right now you are focused on this issue. But what is the VA's policy on SES personnel that seem to be placed indefinitely on paid administrative leave?    Mr. Coffman. I just think that that is extraordinary. Well, I think, I commend you on your work. I certainly hope, I think that clearly the fact is that this was manipulated by virtue of forcing people out of their positions, not advertising the positions as open as they should have on a competitive basis, and then moving simply to get this extraordinary compensation that is so excessive. That clearly I think there is criminal wrongdoing in this and I hope it is pursued by the Justice Department. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. Mr. Costello, you are recognized for five minutes.