    Mr. Eberstadt. Mr. Chairman, distinguished Members, co-panelists and guests, it is an honor to be here today. May I ask you to put up my first slide, please?    Mr. Eberstadt. Over the past half-century, American politics, American governance and the American way of life itself have been transformed by the growth of public expenditures on social entitlement programs. In just----    Mr. Eberstadt. In just two generations, the government of the United States has effectively become an entitlements machine. As a day-to-day operation, the U.S. government devotes more attention and resources to the public transfer of money, goods and services to individual citizens than to any other purpose, and the Federal Government more to these ends than to all other purposes combined. Over these same years, entitlement transfers have become a major component of the family budget of the average American household, and our dependence on these government transfers continues to rise.    The first law of social policy is that government programs come not only with intended consequences, but with unintended ones as well. Fifty years into our great social experiment of expansion of entitlement programs, there is ample evidence to indicate that the unintended consequences of this reconfiguration have been major, and adverse. Why do we not go on to that? Until about 1965, the accepted purpose of the Federal Government, in keeping with its constitutional charge, was governing.    The Federal Government spending patterns reflected that mandate. The overwhelming share of Federal expenditures was allocated to defending the republic against its enemies foreign and domestic, and some limited public services and infrastructural investments.    In fiscal year 1965, according to OMB, Federal entitlement programs expended about 28 percent of the Federal Government's total outlays. By FY 2015, entitlement programs reportedly accounted for fully 72 percent of Federal Government total expenditures.    Thus in a very real sense, American governance has literally been turned upside down by entitlements, within our lifetimes. A half-century of extraordinary expansion of entitlement outlays has completely inverted the priority, structure and functions of the Federal administration, as these had been understood by all previous generations of Americans. May I ask for the next slide, please?    Mr. Eberstadt. And the one after that.    Mr. Eberstadt. The explosive growth of entitlement outlays was accompanied by a corresponding surge in the number of Americans who had routinely applied for and accept government benefits. Despite episodic attempts to limit the growth of the welfare state, or occasional assurances that the era of big government was over, the pool of entitlement beneficiaries apparently has grown continuously.    Can we go to the next one, please?    Mr. Eberstadt. This may be a little bit difficult to see. Between 1983 and 2012, the percentage of Americans participating in entitlement programs jumped by nearly 20 percentage points. Less than one-fifth of that 20 percentage-point jump can be attributed to increased reliance on the two old age programs--Medicare and Social Security.    Overwhelmingly, the growth in claimants has stemmed from an extraordinary rise in means-tested entitlements. All told, more than 35 percent of Americans were taking home at least some benefit from a means-tested program by 2012, nearly twice the share in 1983.    America today is almost certainly the richest society in history, at any time, and it is also certainly more prosperous and productive now than it was three decades ago. Yet paradoxically, our government behaves as if Americans have never been more needy.    Until and unless some sort of forcing financial crisis suddenly restricts the resources available to it, continued growth of the entitlement state looks very likely in the years immediately ahead. And at this writing, I myself see no such forcing crisis on the horizon. If that prognosis is correct, we may expect the inadvertent consequences, to which I detail in my prepared statement the rise of our entitlement state, to become still more acute in the coming years. Thank you very much.    Mr. Eberstadt. Well, for over the postwar period, from 1948, when we started to collect detailed monthly employment statistics, to the present, we have seen a dramatic decrease in the proportion of prime age males--that is the Labor Department's designation of men 25 to 54 years of age--who are either working or unemployed and seeking work, which is to say, in the labor force.    We have seen a growing proportion of men who are neither working, nor looking for work. Most recent estimates by the Labor Department are that almost 12 percent of men in this prime group are neither working nor looking for work. When I was a kid, back in 1965, the corresponding figure was about 3 percent, about a quarter of that.    Exactly why there has been this tremendous flight from work is I think a very important and complex question. But certainly this has coincided with the rise of various entitlement availability programs. That does not prove causation. Correlation does not prove causation. But certainly the rise of these programs has helped to facilitate and to finance this exit from the labor force.    Mr. Eberstadt. This is one of the unintended consequences of social policy to which I mentioned, yes.    Mr. Eberstadt. I think this has happened historically on a number of occasions. If we look at the history of Victorian England, for example, I think we saw a reinvigoration of work ethic at various points and times. It has usually been associated in other societies, like in England or Britain, with a religious revival. I do not think that government is a very effective instrument for engineering religious revivals, and I hope government does not try to do that.    Mr. Eberstadt. I was born in 1955, sir, I did not have any----    Mr. Eberstadt. Sir, I am not speechless. Were you----    Mr. Eberstadt. The percent of wages subject to the cap has been lowered mainly because of the increasing inequality in wages in the economy, and also because there are certain self-employed people who are excluded from the tax. However, Mr. Lilly is right, it has kept up with inflation.    Mr. Eberstadt. Thank you very much for giving me an opportunity, and I will try to answer your question. Of course we have a long history of racial discrimination. It goes back to President Obama's description of original sin in the United States. It is our original sin.    There is no way to rewind history, as I tried to indicate. What we can do is we can try to have a social safety net that deals efficiently and in a targeted way with the people who have the greatest need in our society. I think that is part of what Mr. Steuerle was trying to say as well.    As for the greater question of whether the benefits which I was mainly talking about, the means-tested benefits, have an effect upon the quality of citizenship, and also upon the likelihood of people's participation in the economy in the future in growing wealth, I think that is something that we also have to keep a careful eye on, because there are unintended consequences in all social policies.    Mr. Eberstadt. I think Mr. Lilly is absolutely right in emphasizing the importance and the future of unfunded liabilities for the healthcare programs. I think Mr. Steuerle is exactly right in emphasizing the importance of more rapid economic growth. If we have more rapid economic growth, we have got more options for everything. In terms of the question of the poverty rate, this may be a little bit arcane for our current discussion, but I think that the poverty rate is actually a very poor measure of poverty in the United States because it looks--in my view, it looks at the wrong end of the telescope.    We should be looking at people's purchasing power and people's spending power. And if we did that, poor people would still be poor, but they are not going to be rich. But we would have a much better understanding of how to target our resources to the truly needy.    Mr. Eberstadt. Sir, I think that is a pretty big order. I think that is a pretty tall order. We have had two generations of very, very strong momentum in developing the Federal Government as an entitlements engine. And it did not happen by accident; it happened because there is a great demand for this on the part of voters in both parties. It is bipartisan.    I guess I would think that maybe the impetus for real change has to come from the grassroots. I think it has to come from the voters. As long as voters say we would like to limit everybody's entitlements but our own, have a collective failure here.    Mr. Eberstadt. Mr. Buck, I am really out of my depth, I confess, on balanced budget amendments. I have followed various entitlement programs and spending and dependency and labor market, but I have got to guess that the other two experts here will know a lot more about that particular area than I will.