    Dr. Faulkner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's a pleasure to see you. I had the pleasure of being in your district at one time.    Chairwoman Comstock. I'm sorry. I have to introduce the other witnesses now, then we'll go through, so sorry for the mix-up there.    Dr. Faulkner. Good morning, Chairwoman Comstock and Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith. I thank you for your invitation to testify on a congressionally mandated study conducted by a committee of the National Academies.    The general message is that the continuing expansion of federal regulation is decreasing the return on the federal investment in research by diverting investigators' time and other resources away from research toward administration and compliance.    The committee has seven overarching findings: first, that effective regulation is essential to the overall health of the research enterprise; second, that most federal regulations, policies and guidance represent efforts to address important issues but often have unintended consequences needlessly encumbering the Nation's research; third, in recent decades, the amount of regulation has grown dramatically; fourth, this continuing expansion of the regulatory system diminishes the effectiveness of the Nation's investment in research; fifth, universities receive research funding from multiple agencies but approaches to similar tasks and goals such as the submission of grant proposals are not harmonized across agencies; six, that regulations sometimes have resulted when universities did not respond appropriately to investigators' transgressions; and seventh, the relationship between research universities and institutions and federal funders has long been considered a partnership yet there is no formal mechanism by which senior stakeholders from both partners can review existing or proposed policies.    Based on these findings, the committee offered four overarching recommendations: first, that the regulatory regime for federal research be reexamined and recalibrated. We recommend that Congress, OMB, federal agencies and research institutions take steps to improve efficiency. We provide many detailed possibilities.    Second, research institutions should take action to reinvigorate the research partnership and to re-instill trust.    Third, the responsibilities of the Inspector General should be rebalanced so that consideration is given both to uncovering waste, fraud, and abuse and to advising on economy, efficiency, and effectiveness.    Fourth, the government-university research partnership should be made more functional through changes in the regulatory framework.    For the remainder of my remarks I will focus on human subjects research and the proposed new regulatory framework. Midway through the committee's work, the DHHS issued a Notice of Proposed Rule Making on the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects. Over 2,000 comments were submitted in response. Most commentators brought up deficiencies and indicated that if the rule were implemented as written, it would create serious obstacles for research. From testimony and much other evidence, the committee concluded that the proposed rule is marred by omissions, an absence of essential elements, and a lack of clarity. Given that a national review has not taken place in almost forty years of human subjects research, that related research has grown tremendously, and that the complexity of the issues has greatly increased, the committee recommends that Congress authorize and the President appoint an independent, national commission to examine and to recommend updates to the ethical, legal, and institutional framework governing human subjects research.    Finally, the committee is calling upon the executive branch to withdraw the NPRM, giving the proposed commission full scope to meet its charge.    Let me turn last to the proposed new regulatory framework. The goal is to provide a mechanism that can forestall duplicative and incongruous regulations, streamline and harmonize existing regulations, and provide a means to eliminate ineffective regulations. We believe that the only clear path to strengthening the U.S. research enterprise and preparing it for continued leadership is through the establishment of a new research policy board, which would act as the primary analytical, anticipatory and coordinating forum on regulatory policy, bringing together high-level stakeholders from the research community and from federal funding agencies. We further recommend that a new position of associate director for the academic research enterprise be established in the White House OSTP. This officer would perform an essential role by focusing on the operational health of the research partnership.    For nearly 70 years, that partnership has yielded tremendous benefits for the American people, improving their economic wellbeing, health, and security. It behooves all of us to take steps to ensure that it continues to flourish.    Thank you for this opportunity.    Dr. Faulkner. I'm not currently president of the University of Texas so I don't have good, immediate numbers for you, but let me just make the point that actually was introduced by Mr. Luther that I think we would save money if we improved the regulatory environment but we would also save the invaluable time of faculty members and research investigators generally, not just faculty members. But that intellectual power, the power to carry forward research, can't be replaced. That's the indispensable asset, and in order to maintain the capacity of American research, we need to get as much of that brainpower as possible dedicated----    Chairwoman Comstock. On task?    Dr. Faulkner. But on the resource side, the dollars that institutions are putting into the support of compliance and administrative activity is quite significant and has to come from somewhere. So it competes with everything else that the institution is doing including its ability to support students including its ability to deliver quality undergraduate programs, including its ability to deliver quality graduate programs.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    Dr. Faulkner. Well, that was a beautiful speech that Mr. Luther just gave. Let me just add two points, though. One is, I'd like to emphasize the word ``anticipatory,'' which is--it's used in that report, and I believe I'm speaking accurately about the sentiments of the committee who wrote the report that they believe that the ability to anticipate new issues and to be able to work those issues before they really have to reach regulatory implementation is the key to maintaining a sane and functional overall regulatory burden, and that's one of the things that we wanted to achieve with the RPB.    And I had a second point, which has flown out of my mind, so I'll just turn my microphone off.    Dr. Faulkner. Well, I think that the committee fully recognizes the need for the Inspectors General to focus on waste, fraud, and abuse. What we also recognize, however, is that the research enterprise in the United States as it's implementing in the research partnership with academic institutions already has a large volume of audit involved in it. Every institution is audited every year on its research activity. The history of Inspector General engagement with the research enterprise is not one that has yielded large trophies in terms of recovered funds. There are, of course, isolated cases where problems have been explored and where remediation has been required, but that's not the ordinary story. A more common story is that Inspectors General and the agency that they're supporting or engaged with have different interpretations of what federal policy ought to be or federal practice ought to be in financial management of research grants, and the dispute which is essentially between two federal actors, will get fought out on a battle ground in an institution that then has to spend large amounts of money to go through the process of the audit that's being used to fight the battle. This, in our judgment, is not really constructive. The battle between the federal players should be fought out here and not there.    And we do recognize also that in the charter that you read, Representative Lipinski, there is a direct reference to giving the responsibility to the Inspectors General for the improvement of efficiency and effectiveness and we're simply asking for a rebalancing of the approach in this area where there's already so much audit activity to pay attention to that part of the mission.    Dr. Faulkner. Well, that's been one of the areas where there's a dispute between the IG and the agency itself over what the policy should be. They have to settle what the policy is and we carry it out.    Dr. Faulkner. Well, I think that's a good question, Madam Chairwoman. The goal certainly is not to add a layer, and I believe that with the design we've laid out, that would not happen. This is not an approval body. It's not I think in the line of what would be required to get things done, but it is meant to be a coordinating body, and as I emphasized earlier, an anticipatory body.    One of the points that Representative Lipinski made earlier is that the volume of regulatory activity has grown over time and continues to grow. We can bet that it's going to continue to grow because as research goes on, it uncovers issues that require attention. We can all sit here today and recognize that in the years ahead, we're going to have to more regulatory activity that addresses some of the genetic issues that are clearly in the field of view right now.    So we know that as research goes on, new issues come into the picture. We need more coordination and some capacity for the whole community, the researchers' side and the funders' side, to get together and try to find ways to get to the optimal regulatory picture, which is going to take continuous editing as we have to bring in the capacity for additional things, and perhaps we can develop other devices that speed up or simplify or lower the cost of some of the things we're already doing.    So I guess the answer I would give you is, we desperately need the coordination, and the coordination and the anticipation is the key to keeping this as sane as we can keep it going forward.    Chairwoman Comstock. You know, one of the things that I've heard from researchers as we talk about particularly in the area of medical research and some of the rapid pace that things are developing, the doctors, you know, if you're in any particular field, you can't possibly know everything that's going on that's out there, and we all get in our silos and all, and they talk a lot about--I mean, some of the researchers and technology people now--we've had--in my area we see people who are very engaged in the technology committee are merging into the medical area and wanting to, you know, use technology with medicine and find ways to get information out there, and they talk a lot about having more transparency, which is very different from how our medical research is done today. You know, you're in a study, you don't know all the other things that are going on in the patients, and we don't have this transparent process, you know, for good--I know there are reasons why we don't but I have seen people now in the medical area talk more about just getting more of this information out there, you know, just having it all out there for everyone to kind of come in and look at and, you know, you kind of have that check and balance by having information out there instead of having to have all these boards, having, you know, all this regulatory process that you really get it out there and you have the vast public being able to check it. You know, it's like a spell check system out there because everybody else gets to look at what you're doing and saying hey, did you connect this with this and, you just have a lot more people in there helping you, and is there--and I know, I'm not articulating this very well--but this is what I had expressed to me in some way from the technology side of this is, how do we open this up a lot more and change that way of thinking in research that it's just going to be open source type of information. Is it something that you all have discussed in some way or heard about too? Just any of you to address.    Dr. Faulkner. Shall I try?    Chairwoman Comstock. Sure.    Dr. Faulkner. I think actually you're addressing the question of the sort of review and self-correction of science as it occurs. You know, historically we've published things in journals and people read the journals and they may do verifying or testing experiments or other kinds of activity of their own. As the scientific enterprise has gotten more complicated, and as information technology has dramatically improved, the possibility exists of providing larger amounts of information including original data, which by and large has not been part of that publication proceeding activity over the years. So I think there is a lot of discussion in the scientific world about whether by being more open with a larger fraction of what investigators have produced including their original data we might not be ahead. The Academy committee really didn't address that issue. We're addressing not the question of review for validity of scientific work; we're talking about true regulation, I mean, financial regulations, what you can do with human subjects and that sort of thing. So our work was all on the other side here.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay.    Dr. Faulkner. I think we've done well with the subject today, so I won't add anything further.