    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome to the witnesses participating in today's hearing on export controls for certain cybersecurity tools. The export controls for intrusion and surveillance technologies agreed to at the Wassenaar Arrangement were intended to help prevent repressive regimes from obtaining and using intrusive technology against their own citizens. These are important human rights objectives. It is also critically important that U.S. cybersecurity policies advance our overall efforts to protect information and systems from cyber attacks and data breaches.    Today's hearing is recognition of the fact that the Federal Government and private sector must work together effectively to thwart cybercrime. The Bureau of Industry and Security's proposed rule to implement the Wassenaar Arrangement's export controls on cybersecurity intrusion, and surveillance items could seriously hinder the cybersecurity industry and our national security. The language in the proposed rule would interfere with the ability of businesses and of the Federal Government to acquire and utilize cybersecurity tools that are critical to the security of information systems and data, and frustrate the real-time information sharing of vulnerability, which is relied upon to prevent or to stop a cyber attack.    Going forward, BIS and its interagency partners should reconsider their policy approach to this rulemaking, so that the export controls do not negatively affect our Nation's ability to defend against cyber threat and the policy conforms with the broader U.S. cybersecurity strategy and national security.    The Information Technology Subcommittee has held multiple hearings examining the nature of cyber threats and how to enhance the security of information and information networks. We have learned that no company or industry is immune from cyber attacks, and that cyber attackers are highly sophisticated, and constantly evolving their tactics.    We are all aware of the major breaches that American companies, contractors, and government agencies have sustained in recent years. Given this persistent threat to information systems, it is critically important that the U.S. policies and regulations are designed to enhance the tools and capabilities that ensure the security of critical information targeted by cyber attackers.    Last month, the Democratic members of this subcommittee, along with 120 other Members of Congress, signed onto a bipartisan letter to National Security Advisor Susan Rice, requesting the WhiteHouse's collaboration and advice in the development of export control policies for cybersecurity tools. In that letter, we expressed our concerns that the proposed rulemaking pertaining to export controls of intrusion software and vulnerability research could reduce the ability of private businesses and the Federal Government to defend against cyber threats and impair national security efforts.    I would like to commend BIS for anticipating the need to assess the impact of the export controls on the cybersecurity industry and requesting public comment on the effects of this proposed rule. The Bureau is currently reviewing the 264 public comments it received.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses on the impact of this proposed rule and discussing a path forward that achieves the human rights objectives of the export controls without negatively affecting innovation and research on cybersecurity tools and vulnerability. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I look forward to the witnesses' testimony.    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    As I stated in my opening statement, today's hearing is a recognition of the fact that the Federal Government and the private sector must work together effectively to thwart cybercrime and to support advancement in cyber defense and research.    Mr. Garfield, you talked about meeting a multinational approach, sharing information, curing fatal defects, exercising leadership, and that leadership that we exercise needs to be informed by experts.    What role do you see that Congress can play to ensure that the private sector's concerns pertaining to the proposed Wassenaar regulations are adequately addressed?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you. This rulemaking is an opportunity for the government and private sector to demonstrate that working together can produce positive results with no unintended collateral harm to cyber's defense capabilities.    Ms. Goodwin, one area of your testimony focuses on the importance of the public-private partnership in cyber security regulation. I was wondering if you could, if possible, offer examples of private-public partnerships in cybersecurity that are working, and that could serve as an example for how the implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement export controls might be revised to meet the government and private sector?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you.    Mr. Mulholland, as the engineer on the panel, do you think it would be sufficient that the administration, through a revised policy, puts in intracompany license exemption into a new rule?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you. And I'm out of time.