    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the Commission. It is always great to see you here, the full Commission.    I want to start out by commending the Chairman and, certainly, the Commissioners. The Chairman began his job as the Chairman of the Commission 2 years ago this month. I don't know what the exact date was, Mr. Chairman, but I know it was 2 years ago. And it may seem to you like 100 years, some days anyway.    But in the staff memorandum, if members have read it, I just want to go through what I think is an honor roll of addressing issues. This is taking on a great deal, and I think they are all worthy of mention. Some of my colleagues are not going to agree, but, obviously, I think it is very important: net neutrality, spectrum legislation, public safety, AWS-3 auction, incentive auctions, the pending merger transactions, universal service, the E-rate, Lifeline, Rural Health Care Program, tech transition, consumer protection, public safety, enforcement, and I think there is--well, obviously, there has been work on process reform.    And when I name off all of these areas, imagine the work that is underneath one or two words. So, whether Commissioners have agreed or disagreed on parts of policies that come under those umbrellas, you have taken on a huge workload, and I salute you. I have served with either five or six chairmen and commissions, and I think that this is the most proactive commission and chairman that we have worked with. So thank you. I salute you.    More than a decade ago, the Columbia Business School professor Eli Noam examined the relationship between entrepreneurship and government and telecommunications. He concluded that entrepreneurial firms exist in the telecom sector--and this is so interesting to me--not despite of government but, rather, because of it.    So let's assess how. Competition has been foundational in the Communications Act for more than 80 years, eight decades. So we do get some things right around here. Actions such as the Carterfone decision, the breakup of AT&T, and the 1996 Telecom Act demonstrated that when incumbents fail to innovate that the public sector has to step up to protect consumers and promote competition.    But what should communications policy look like in the second decade of the 21st century? In the Internet age, it begins with open, interconnected networks that empower consumers and businesses to use the devices and the services of their choosing. Robust, enforceable open Internet rules prevent broadband providers from blocking or throttling lawful online content or engaging in paid prioritization.    It means reforming legacy video laws that hinder innovation and consumer choice while protecting incumbent interests. And it means ensuring that consumers can buy a set-top box from someone other than their pay-TV provider. The lack of competition in the set-top box space has left consumers paying, on average, what some people think is whopping: $231 a year on rental fees alone. Why we allow this to continue I don't know, but it really does need to be addressed.    So, to promote competition, we also need commonsense policies that make it easier for new companies to enter the broadband market. And I want to thank Commissioner Rosenworcel for highlighting in her testimony today the ``dig once'' policy that the chairman of our subcommittee and myself launched and on a bipartisan basis have promoted to promote broadband and do it in a very smart way.    Finally, competition should be embedded in the decisions we make on spectrum. A balanced spectrum policy that recognizes the importance of both licensed and unlicensed spectrum is going to enhance competition, it will drive down prices, and it will unlock new innovation. It is an innovation platform in our country, and we can't lose sight of that.    So my special thanks to you, Mr. Chairman, for your superb leadership; to each Commissioner for your leadership, for your working together. Even when you disagree, it is not personal, it is about the policy. And we all benefit from a variety of views.    And more than anything else, I will be gone from this world, but what I want written about the 21st century is that it was an American century.    I have gone over my time. I apologize to Congresswoman Matsui. I was going to yield time to her, but perhaps somebody else will.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you----    Ms. Eshoo . Commissioners.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for all of your opening statements.    There is something that I failed to mention in my opening statement, and I think it is important enough to circle back. I was talking about new competition and when it is unlikely to emerge. An example is the $40-billion-a-year special access market. The FCC, I believe, has to act decisively to reform the market and stop anticompetitive practices. So I know that you are working on it, but I want to underscore it, because this isn't something that is small.    I would also like to recognize Ambassador Verveer, who is in the audience.    And thank you for your extraordinary service to our country, Mr. Ambassador. Welcome. You enhance the hearing room with your presence. Thank you very much.    Ms. Eshoo. Now, some questions.    Commissioner O'Rielly, in March, you called for the Commission to proceed with setting rules and policies that affirmatively permit foreign ownership of broadcast licensees above the 25-percent cap. I know that the proposed rulemaking was unanimously adopted last month.    Can you just quickly state what you think will come out of that proposal?    Ms. Eshoo. Because I think it is a very important one.    Ms. Eshoo. It does raise capital.    Ms. Eshoo. It raises capital. So thank you, and thank you for working on that.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, you need to know that the chairman leaned over and said, ``What did you do to get so many Commissioners to talk about 'dig once'?'' One of these days, it is going to pass the Congress. But thank you. And thank you to the Chairman and anyone else that--I think that Commissioner Clyburn also said something about it.    You suggested that legislative efforts to increase licensed spectrum for the licensed spectrum pipeline should also include unlicensed. Obviously, you know that I am a huge proponent of unlicensed spectrum. You have called this the WiFi dividend.    Now, in crafting legislation, how do we ensure that the enormous economic value of unlicensed is reflected in CBO's scoring?    I almost didn't ask you this, because you are not a CBO person, but you have been on the inside of the government. And this is a problem. Anyway, do you want to take a shot at it?    Ms. Eshoo. Sure.    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes, that is great. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, our Senate colleagues have done a study and concluded that consumers pay an average of $231 annually. I said that in my opening statement. What are we going to do about this?    I think that section 629 is pretty specific in terms of its intention to give consumers a choice in what device they want to use. Do you want to comment on this?    Ms. Eshoo. My time has expired. I have more questions. I don't know if we are going to do more than one round.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you very much.    Ms. Eshoo. Well, I want to thank you for raising this. And I know that the FBI, relative to the cuts in the Bay Area, have said that they need to deal with HPSCI, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. And so we will just----    Ms. Eshoo. Yes. Of course it is.    Ms. Eshoo. And I don't think any of this is coincidental either.    Ms. Eshoo. Effective way.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Brother Shimkus.    Ms. Eshoo. Would you yield just for 2 seconds?    Ms. Eshoo. It is going to be on my tombstone as the only thing that people in the country know me for. But thanks for asking about it.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just very quickly, two things.    Thank you to all of the Commissioners. I have some more questions. I will put them in writing.    Commissioner Clyburn, I didn't get to say earlier, thank you for your work on Lifeline. Thank you. It is really helping to make a difference.    And to Commissioners O'Rielly and Pai, I hope that I didn't hear you siding with people that rip off consumers. Any outfit that is going to place charges on a consumer's bill and bilk them, I don't think that is the place where anybody wants to stand. Now, maybe you have some other issues with the enforcement part of the agency. But that is not only the wrong side, it is the wrong side of history.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask for a point of clarification on the introduction of multimedia during our hearings. Earlier in our hearing today, one of our colleagues introduced a video as part of her line of questioning without asking for objection. As you know, when letters or other written materials are entered into our record, we first have to ask for unanimous consent.    The Democrats on the committee had previously sent a letter to our Republican colleagues asking them, when video or other multimedia evidence is introduced, that we first check with our colleagues on the other side. Now, she may not have known that that request should have been made.    And I think, for regular order here, no side ever wants to be surprised. So I ask----    Ms. Eshoo. But let me just ask the parliamentarian the following----    Ms. Eshoo. Yes, but let me put my question----    Ms. Eshoo . Out there so it is a part of the record.    It is a parliamentary inquiry, and it is the following: Can you provide some clarification as to whether video and multimedia evidence will be treated the same as written materials as a matter of this subcommittee's process?    And we will await the----    Ms. Eshoo. Yes. Not the staff, the parliamentarian.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you.