    Mr. Upton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Moniz, welcome back. Let me first say how much I truly have appreciated your efforts as Secretary to come before this committee and work with us on both sides of the aisle. Never been one to shy away from coming up to the Hill, engaging us, even when we might disagree. I credit you and your staff with the great work that you have done, particularly with the Quadrennial Energy Review, which helped shape our bipartisan approach to energy legislation in this Congress.    While some of the provisions we worked on together were enacted as part of and energy security title in the highway bill, I still am hopeful that similar legislation can and will get through the Senate, perhaps as early as tomorrow, so that we can get a conference negotiation underway.    We look forward, Chairman Murkowski and myself, to working with you on an incredible new era of abundance, as it is important that our policies reflect these 21st century realities. We should be promoting and embracing our resources to keep energy affordable for folks in Michigan and across the country. I will take note that the President's budget takes a slightly different approach, particularly as it relates to the gas tax as it impacts the most vulnerable. However, our abundance on coal, oil, and natural gas, along with nuclear, hydro, and renewables does put us in charge of our energy destiny and makes the future of affordable and reliable energy an achievable one for the country.    The biggest threat to this bright future is no longer OPEC or any other outside menace. It is, instead, the misguided policies that sometimes pick winners and losers. And, unfortunately, we see much of that in this budget. One area in which I am interested in learning more about is the administration's recent commitments to double Government-wide research and development over the next 5 years as part of the Mission Innovation.    Continued breakthroughs in the way that we produce, transmit, and consume energy are needed in order to meet 21st century threats, be it from cyber, severe weather, physical attacks on our infrastructure. Many in the private sector are leaping at the challenge, including Bill Gates, and some of our leading innovators and entrepreneurs as part of the breakthrough coalition. And the recent announcements and financial commitments appear to be very promising. And I look forward to hearing from you on that.    Congress, however, will need more information before responding to the budget requests as to how limited DOE research dollars will work to augment the commitments made by the private sector. In a challenging budget environment, we will need to ensure there is no duplication. And the transparency, competitiveness, and impacts of consumer costs and reliability are front and center and that the technologies and pathways considered are truly resource neutral.    As always, I know you and your staff will continue to be ready to assist us, to work with us. And I look forward to your testimony. And I yield back.    Mr. Upton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Moniz, in 2012 Congress passed the American Medical Isotope Production Act of 2012. And in testimony before this committee in 2009, as that legislation moved through the committee, the Department of Energy's representative projected domestic production facilities that DOE was funding could come online as early as 2013. To date, we know that none of the projects DOE was funding have come online. And a number have been canceled.    I am interested to know what is the status of domestic production facilities? And can you help us really move this forward?    Mr. Upton. Good. Good. Last week, our Subcommittee on Oversight took testimony that highlighted how critical Cabinet-level leadership, particularly through you, is for the success of DOE and particularly its nuclear security mission. So I know that our committee is going to continue to look carefully at what is necessary to ensure that the Department is managed to meet its nuclear weapons responsibility and structured to ensure that they are executed to their full potential. I just want an assurance from you that if it does require legislative change, if you come to that conclusion, will you be able to provide us the technical assistance to enable for you to get the job done?    Mr. Upton. It should be an easy yes.    Mr. Upton. It should be an easy yes.    Mr. Upton. Yes, you can.    Mr. Upton. Great. I think we put it into the record as well, so all members can see it.    Mr. Upton. Thanks, again, for being up here. And, again, as I talked to Chair Murkowski earlier in the week, we are encouraged that they may be able to finish that bill as early as tomorrow. And I look forward to working with you as we work on the conference to get it done.    Mr. Upton. Thank you.    I yield back.