    Mr. Nimmich. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and the members of the subcommittee. As you know, my name is Joe Nimmich. I am the Deputy Administrator for the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Thank you for this opportunity to testify about the efforts FEMA is undertaking to reduce the rising cost of disasters.    With the continued trend towards urbanization, particularly in large cities located in high-risk areas, and the increasing severity of weather events, the Nation faces the potential for ever-increasing costs in responding to and recovering from disasters.    During a disaster response, FEMA's primary goal is to support the survivors through effective, efficient operations. Though FEMA has procedures in place to control costs during a response, one of the most effective ways to reduce disaster costs is to invest in community resilience before a disaster strikes, thereby reducing the physical and financial and particularly the human impacts of the event.    Preparedness and mitigation investments made before a disaster strikes significantly lessen the financial impacts on communities, States, and the Nation. One of the most effective mitigation tools is establishing stringent building codes and standards that ensure the property is built to insurable levels. Let me repeat that: Building codes and standards that ensure the property is built to insurable levels.    You will hear multiple times today that for every dollar invested in mitigation, a savings of $4 is achieved, due to the reduced impacts post-disaster. Mitigation programs reduce costs to the American public by an estimated $3.4 billion annually.    I have to move off my prepared comments to thank this committee and the Congress for taking action such as the post-Sandy legislation, where we were able to move the recovery costs forward based on assessments, but add the mitigation costs at that time so that the building back is better and reduces the future potential.    FEMA has made significant strides in the last few years, bringing the larger emergency management community together around a National Preparedness System. This provides communities a common approach to managing the risks, and provides communities the information, tools, and funding they need to make informed, data-driven decisions. This is just one step FEMA takes in promoting resilience.    The National Flood Insurance Program serves as the foundation for the national efforts to reduce loss of property from floods, the most costly and frequent disaster in the United States. The program identifies areas at risk for flooding, and makes flood insurance available to participating communities. Within the NFIP, the Community Rating System to incentivize communities to implement flood plain management practices, offering lower NFIP insurance premiums to participating communities.    Additionally, FEMA provides hazard mitigation assistance through programs such as Pre-disaster Mitigation, Flood Mitigation Assistance, Hazard Mitigation Grant Programs. These provide funding to communities to implement hazard mitigation measures pre- and post-disasters.    Programs such as the NFIP and the Community Rating System and hazard assistance invest in community resilience before the disaster strikes. This year FEMA went a step further, developing the disaster deductible concept, which encourages States, tribal, and territorial investment in resiliency mitigation programs. I strongly believe this program will be critical to any effort to reduce future disaster costs in a significant way.    As you have indicated, Congressman Barletta, Congress, the GAO , and others have indicated that the Federal cost of disasters continues to rise. The solution of moving the threshold higher merely distributes the cost differently, but does not reduce the cost of potential disasters. With the disaster deductible concept, States would have to meet a predetermined financial commitment, similar to meeting an insurance deductible, as a condition of receiving Federal funds to rebuild damaged facilities and infrastructure.    Additionally, FEMA would provide credits for those States' investments in resiliency measures, such as adopting the building enhanced codes or funding preparedness and mitigation projects. Using these credits, a State's deductible could be reduced, thereby ensuring that communities have an incentive for investing in resilience.    During a 60-day comment period, FEMA received 150 responses. We are currently evaluating those to provide input from the advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to develop a proposed rulemaking for later this year. While preparedness and mitigation efforts can help us to reduce the costs in many areas, we must continue to acknowledge that demographic patterns are not something we can easily or readily influence, but we can take steps to account for these patterns by improving building codes, promoting preparedness.    FEMA strives to invest in our Nation's resilience and support disaster survivors, while being good stewards of the taxpayers' dollars. We continue to look for innovative ways to encourage risk reduction, promote preparedness and mitigation planning, and efficiently implement the recovery programs in order to reduce both the risks and cost to the American taxpayer.    Thank you for this opportunity today to testify, and I look forward to any questions the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Nimmich. Congressman Barletta, I think the biggest challenge is the continued movement of populations into high urban areas that happen to have been developed from historic perspectives in very dangerous areas along our rivers for flooding, along our coastlines for major storms, and on earthquake faults. The reality of people moving to the cities is one that we are going to face for the foreseeable future, and that only increases the potential of costs.    Additionally, the value of property has gone up substantially over time. And therefore, the recovery costs continue to go up. What it cost to build a mile of roads 30 years ago is very different than what it takes to build a mile of roads today. The only solution is, in fact, building for those future States that we look at, in terms of culverts that can maintain the flow of water, bridges that are better maintained, all of the infrastructure that needs to be there, as well as public buildings built to standards that allow for the potential of future disasters to be minimized.    Mr. Nimmich. Congressman Barletta, you are absolutely correct that we have very stringent codes and requirements in order to qualify for Federal dollars. And, as Mr. Koon pointed out, they often take a great deal of oversight to ensure that they are effectively and correctly implemented.    I can speak through the Sandy legislation, that there was a requirement to capture all of the different agencies, including HUD and Federal Transit Administration, to ensure we had a more complete understanding of where the different investments in recovery were going. That is not consistent across all of the different disasters that exist.    I will tell you that this year, for the first time, the administration passed the Federal Flood Risk Management Standards that require every agency, for every Federal dollar that is invested in recovery, to meet a standard for the first time. That includes the Department of Defense, as well as all the other agencies. So there are activities going on to try to ensure that we all build to a high standard. But the capture of those costs is not something that we currently do.    Mr. Nimmich. Representative Carson, thank you for the question. The deductible process has been one where we have reached out heavily to the user group. And, as Ms. Clark indicated, we have received over 150 very detailed responses to the advanced notice of proposed rulemaking. And we went through the advanced notice of a rulemaking process in order to get that type of feedback that Ms. Clark indicated, where there are concerns that this might just be the ability to transfer costs from the Federal Government to State and then to local communities.    The intent here is exactly what we have been talking about, to incentivize and make more consistent the ability for communities to invest in mitigation and preparedness capabilities. We are now going through those 150 comments to be able to come up with an actual proposed rule that will have details in it that we will then go out through the proposed rulemaking process to get specific comments back on those rules. We anticipate that that will be out some time this calendar year, sir.    Mr. Nimmich. So, as you would expect, Congressman, FEMA, through the National Preparedness Program, provides the guidance for the Federal Government to be able to assist State and locals in developing their preparedness programs. And FEMA, working with the States through their threat estimating program, as well as their preparedness reports, captures that information, as well as for the Federal Government----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK.    Mr. Nimmich . But each agency themselves are responsible for their support to the preparedness plan.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Got it. Administrator Nimmich, do you acknowledge the statistics that Mr. Nelson referenced in regard to studies indicating that proactive investments in hazard mitigation generate cost savings?    Mr. Nimmich. Yes, sir. I said it in my opening statement, and that is what the deductible----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Great.    Mr. Nimmich . Process is trying to----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. Do you see any of the work of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as being efforts to reduce hazards or address mitigation strategies?    Mr. Nimmich. Sir, we work closely with the Army Corps of Engineers, and----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. If you could just--if you don't mind, just a yes or no. I would appreciate----    Mr. Nimmich. Sir, I am not comfortable answering just a yes or no, but would do so for the record. We work very closely with the Army Corps of Engineers, and I do believe that an awful lot of their efforts go to reducing the impacts of potential future disasters. In North Dakota, they have worked very closely with the city of Fargo to be able to develop----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. All right.    Mr. Nimmich . Capabilities----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. I will go ahead and answer these so I don't burn through all the time.    So you have the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that spends money in addressing flood damage reduction projects, hurricane protection. The administration has budgeted, I believe it was, $1 billion competition, resiliency competition, through HUD. You have a climate resiliency fund the Department of the Interior is trying to establish under the last budget request. I think it was $2 billion. FEMA has a Hazard Mitigation Grant Program and a Pre-disaster Mitigation Program. Does it really make sense for us to have five different programs out there, all attempting to address various aspects? Are these properly coordinated? Are they properly prioritized?    And, you know, the reason I bring this up, I am from south Louisiana and we have had more than our share of disasters, whether it be Hurricanes Katrina and Rita coming up from the south, we had record high water on the Mississippi River in 2011 and again this year in January for the first time ever, in January of this year. We had Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, Hurricane Isaac in 2012. We have had more than our share of disasters.    And watching over and over again, as we come in and we have FEMA come in and pick up the pieces after a disaster, together with millions and millions of dollars spent by our parishes and spent by our State government, the Corps of Engineers in some cases--I can think of a project in St. John Parish, St. Charles Parish affecting Ascension, Livingston, and St. James Parishes, that that project has been in the study phase with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers now for over 40 years, over 40 years.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, my point here is that, look, everyone wants us to reduce disaster spending. Everyone does. The solution here, as I think Ms. Clark noted, Mr. Koon noted, the solution here is making the principal proactive investments in making our communities more resilient.    In recent years we have had FEMA, with their 500-year flood risk management regulations. We have had Biggert-Waters in 2012, the revisions in 2014. We have proposals now to increase the cost share associated with disaster response on our counties, on our parishes, and our State governments.    Mr. Chairman, my point is that making proactive investments is the solution to reduce our overall disaster expenses. We estimated that if we had spent somewhere around $8 billion or $9 billion, simply finished authorized projects in south Louisiana that were supposed to be built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, we could have saved an estimated 90 percent of the about--and you can justify numbers--anywhere from about $120 billion to $150 billion that were spent in response to those 2005 hurricanes. We could have saved that. And not to mention--and very, very important--in fact, more important, Mr. Chairman, we think we could have saved over 90 percent of the 1,200 lives that were lost in south Louisiana.    So, all of these efforts by FEMA I think are being done in a vacuum. We need to be coordinating, better coordinating our efforts to be proactive, to protect and make our communities and our ecosystem more resilient, and stop all this coming in after the fact and spending exponentially more dollars. There are studies, there are models. Yet all we are seeing, rather than following the data, following the recommendations and the outcomes of these studies and these experiences following these catastrophic disasters, instead we are further making disparate investments in programs that aren't really contributing or heeding the recommendations of these reports. I am very concerned about what--this trend that we are seeing.    And lastly, Mr. Chairman, I just want to say that in south Louisiana much of our vulnerability is actually attributable to the actions of the Federal Government. We have lost 1,900 square miles of our coast. The majority of that is because of how the Corps of Engineers manages the water resources in this Nation. That is why we have lost, that is why we have become more vulnerable.    Arkansas doesn't care when hurricanes come because Louisiana is their buffer. Our buffer is disappearing, and that is why you are seeing these costs.    And so I just want to urge the committee, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, as we move forward on legislation we need to make sure we don't get too myopic in this view, and that we are looking comprehensively at all of these efforts that are underway that, quite frankly, should be under this subcommittee's jurisdiction. I yield back.    Mr. Nimmich. Sir, I think the decision on building codes is almost always local, and those decisions based on other economic factors, desires for certain development.    But I do think that we, as the Federal Government, need to continue to ensure that when we invest, it is invested to codes. Currently, FEMA has out for comment with our stakeholder groups changes to our Public Assistance Program that would require whether a State has or a community has code or doesn't have code. If they don't, if they want us to build back their infrastructure, it will have to be built back to either a national or an international code.    So we are taking it very seriously to say even if a community doesn't feel that codes are of value, we do. And when we invest Federal dollars, we will build back to a code.    Mr. Nimmich. Yes, sir. And I can proudly say that we have moved rapidly since Katrina to ensure that we have programs that have as much protection as possible.    But I will tell you, sir, that if we have to err on the side of supporting a valid requirement and a fraudulent requirement, we are likely to support that requirement. But it takes time to go back and relook.    And as you know, in New Jersey now you are seeing the first cases of prosecution of fraudulent--where people have taken money from those that need to recover in their primary homes, claiming that their secondary home was a primary home, and taking those dollars away from those people that need it.    It does take time, and we have to realize that during that immediate post-disaster we want to make sure that those people that need the money get it. And there will be people that take advantage of it, but we don't give up. And as you said, sir, it may take too long, but we don't stop. We continue to go back and recoup those monies from people that fraudulently or accidentally applied for resources that they didn't deserve.    We are down below the national standard--from financial institutions in recovering money, down below 1 percent. So I think we do a pretty good job of ensuring that the money goes to those people who deserve it and need it.    Mr. Nimmich. Congressman Barletta, I think the first thing I need to do is again thank the committee and the Congress for the post-Sandy legislation that allows that mitigation money, that post-disaster mitigation money, to be identified much earlier in the process, and then be applied as part of the recovery process.    Clearly, as we look at all of the different mitigation programs we have--pre-disaster, in 2015 Congress gave us the authority to do post-mitigation or hazard mitigation for fire grants, to be able to restore those burned areas in a much more robust way. I would ask that we could consider reauthorizing that ability to use the fire mitigation grants as a hazard mitigation grant developer.    But the reality for us comes back to how do you incentivize every level, from the individual, through insurance programs, to the local to the county to the State and the Federal Government to be able to invest in that. We believe that the deductible offers that opportunity. We continue to need to work with our stakeholders to define what the reasonable level of a deductible should be, and then how do those building codes and the investments that Ms. Clark has indicated that the counties and the communities do reduce that deductible in order to be able to support those communities that have invested in their own well-being.    I do believe that it is mitigation that ultimately reduces the cost of a disaster, and we need to find proactive ways, as you have all indicated, to incentivize that approach.    Mr. Nimmich. So through Biggert 12 we have been required to use the best science possible to determine the flood risk map, sir, and we continue to work with the scientific community and local communities to be able to identify what those potentials might be in the future, in terms of climate adaptation, particularly with the rising tides in flood zones.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes. And so the question is how do you plan to address the uncertainties in regard to the models of future sea rise and potential for storm intensity changes and things along those lines?    Mr. Nimmich. Sir, I will answer that for the record.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. Another question. The Technical Mapping Advisory Council that was established, they indicated in a recent report that they believe that there was about a 40-percent uncertainty rate associated with some of the flood models that were used.    If you take that degree of uncertainty, which is extraordinary, and you put on top of it trying to estimate future changes in sea rise, future changes in the potential for storm intensity and frequency, it seems like we are getting to a range of uncertainty that--it is just no longer helpful to even use those types of models and predictive information. Could you comment on that?    Mr. Nimmich. Yes, sir. I don't think you can go to the extent of not using some sort of a model or a predictive capability when you are trying to determine whether mitigation and preventative actions need to be taken. So, while there is a certain degree of uncertainty, we continue to use the best available information, based on a wide range of scientific data that is available.    Is there uncertainty? There is always uncertainty in it. But we have to start somewhere to be able to create a basis on which the risk exists in the community.    As you well know, sir, in your area we have just experienced floods in northern Louisiana that no one would have expected, based on the science that was there. So there is a great deal of uncertainty when you deal with any weather event. So we need to continue to find the best science at the time that we create the risk map and then, as often as possible, come back and reevaluate that science.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, and I certainly concur that we need to be using the best information we can in regard to informing decisions. The concern is that, as you know, there are significant consequences of determining flood maps and NFIP premiums. And with your 500-year flood risk management, there could be significant and severe financial implications.    My point is that, having such severe implications, yet having so much uncertainty with the predictive models, that is not necessarily a very comfortable combination of issues. And I just want to urge, as you move forward, that you keep that in mind, that--you need to keep in mind the reliability of the information and models, and take into account the consideration of financial implications on counties, parishes, and others, moving forward.    Director Koon, first I want to say that I know a number of people that know you, and you have a great reputation. Thank you for being here. And I appreciate your testimony.    A week before last, Congress--the House of Representatives passed H.R. 2901, which was legislation--and Mr. Nelson, excuse me, I am going to ask you a question on this, as well--that bill, what it does is it begins--or it allows for private flood insurance to serve effectively as a surrogate for the NFIP. Sounds like a good idea. Private sector, in many instances, could be more efficient than Government can.    So, face value, sounds like it is a good idea. However, being from your area, being from the area where I was born and live, I am very concerned that what we are going to see is we are going to see private insurers that come in that start cherry-picking the policies that have the lowest risk.    And so, what ends up happening under Biggert-Waters 12 and the reforms in 2014 is you are left with the policies that have higher risk.    Now, Biggert-Waters 12 and the revisions from 2014 require that the loan that was given to NFIP following the 2015 floods, that it be repaid. It requires that a reserve fund be established. It requires that actuarial rates be charged under flood insurance.    So my point is that the private sector insurance companies aren't going to have those same financial burdens. All they are going to have is whichever policies they choose. The NFIP is going to have now a smaller pool of ratepayers because the private sector is pulling some of those off. So you are going to have the higher risk, small pool that are still going to be subjected to establishing a reserve fund, paying off this debt of, whatever it is, $17 billion.    Are those concerns--am I--should I not be concerned about this? Is there something there that we should be concerned about, and should NFIP reform be more comprehensive than just doing H.R. 2901?