    Mr. Labrador. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Labrador. No.    Mr. Labrador. Yes, I will.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for making that point that I was also going to make.    It's hard to sit here and be lectured about something like that when, apparently, there's no concern for the child--the lives of children, of babies--babies born alive.    Dr. Levatino, can you tell me how many babies are aborted every single day? Do you know?    Mr. Labrador. Do you know, Ms. Thayer?    Mr. Labrador. Do you know how many late-term abortions there are every single day in Iowa?    Mr. Labrador. Ms. Fredrickson?    Mr. Labrador. You don't. Okay. But you're a expert on this issue.    Mr. Labrador. Okay. I was just lectured at the number of deaths, and I just wanted to know if the panel knew how many children who are being killed every single day that we know. Do you know?    Mr. Labrador. And do you know how many late-term abortions there are--or over 20 weeks?    Mr. Labrador. Do you know those numbers?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Thank you.    I want to continue to emphasize that this is not simply a question of legality of Planned Parenthood's actions. We may never find the answer to that question whether they're legal or not legal, but reducing human beings to commodities by selling fetal body parts for profit, I think everyone should agree, is morally reprehensible.    Based on the testimony presented today, it would also appear that Planned Parenthood has participated in other suspicious behaviors, and all of that at the expense of the American taxpayers. I am not convinced that Planned Parenthood will cease to exist without taxpayer funding. Furthermore, I am not convinced that revoking taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood would disadvantage women's health to the extent that my colleagues would like to claim.    I want to talk just about my home State of Idaho. It has three Planned Parenthood locations--two in the Boise area, one in southeastern Idaho--and if you look next to that, it has 129 better healthcare alternatives. All three of these centers are within 136 miles of each other in a massive State that stretches for thousands of miles and includes a vast amount of rural areas.    According to Planned Parenthood's own data, the three centers in Idaho served around 7,000 patients 2013. Alternatively, the State of Idaho has 76 federally qualified health center service sites that served a little over 138,000 patients in 2013. Look at that: The difference between 3 and 76; the difference between 7,000 patients and 138,000 patients. So anybody who's making the argument that they're not going to receive health care is really lying to this Committee. These services' sites cover a much broader cross-section of the State and have the capacity to serve a diverse population of Idahoans seeking medical care.    Ms. Fredrickson, can you walk us through the services that Planned Parenthood provides once again?    Mr. Labrador. And how is that different----    Mr. Labrador. How is that different than the other federally qualified health centers?    Mr. Labrador. But more women use the other Federal health centers. Is that not correct?    Mr. Labrador. But the numbers just don't speak to that.    Mr. Labrador. Name one expert.    Mr. Labrador. And can you name one right now?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Thank you. It took you a couple of seconds there.