    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Put the slide up, please.    Mr. Graves. Director, this slide here shows--the blue bars there show the volume of oil that was spilled in various years, dating back to 1973. And the red shows the number of incidences.    You know, my takeaway, looking at that, is that you see a trend of, number one, decreasing incidences, which I think is fantastic. When I refer to incidences, I am talking about spills. Number two, you see a volume, significant volume drop. You see a bump in Valdez. You see a bump in 2005, as a result of the extraordinary hurricane activity that we had. But the trends are exactly what I think all of us want to see: fewer incidences and extraordinary reduction in the volume of oil that was spilled.    If you were to take the oil that was spilled in Deepwater Horizon, you could take that max year that looks like it is 1975, and by some estimates you could multiply that times 10 or 20. OK? And that takeaway is over 2,000 separate spills. So I will say again, you can take the spills, over 2,000 separate spills, total volume, you can multiple it times 10 or 20.    I realize that the District Court said it is 3.19 barrels that were spilled. That is under appeal by Department of Justice. And I think there is other documentation out there which may indicate that the spill volume was much higher.    I guess you would concur that this is a good direction and good trends that we are seeing.    Mr. Graves. You understand that, in the case of Deepwater Horizon, that the judge determined that there was gross negligence and that there was willful misconduct. And I would consider that to be somewhat of an anomaly, meaning that the operations in that particular situation were an anomaly. In fact, the judge says that there was an ``extreme deviation from the standard of care, and a conscious disregard of known risk.'' He also said that the operators decisions were ``profit-driven.''    I am all for ensuring that we are safe in operation of offshore. But I also think it is really important for us to recognize this: gross negligence, willful misconduct. The fact that we have had billions of barrels of oil that have been produced in the Gulf of Mexico, and trillions of cubic feet of natural gas, and we haven't had incidences. We haven't had serious spills. And this is an anomaly. And I think it is very important that that be taken into consideration.    Whenever you go ride a motorcycle, you put a helmet on. Whenever you go whitewater rafting, you put on a PFD or a life jacket, because there are additional safety risks. I will say that, with the corners that were cut in Deepwater Horizon, absolutely the capture measure, the capping the recovery measures, were insufficient, based upon the risks that those operators, that those RPs, were taking. But I am concerned that what is happening now in some cases--that the safety regs are going to go beyond, and you are going to punish some of those that have actually been good operators in the Gulf of Mexico. And I just want to place that in the record, and I want to ask you to please consider that we have had safe, good operators in the Gulf.    Ask you a question. Right now--and you can certainly come up with various estimates; I think it is difficult to get an accurate prediction--but you can easily conclude that today--that there are multiple times more oil in the Gulf of Mexico than there was spilled during the entire Valdez spill. Do you believe that the cleanup efforts have been sufficient? I know it is outside your box.    Mr. Graves. Director, the fact that, here we are, 5 years later, and we are still seeing the same headlines as we saw 5 years ago, extraordinary volumes of oil that are still being recovered--I can take you out there today, I can take you out there any day you want to go, and I can show you oil. I will tell you I think it is ridiculous. I think it is absolutely ridiculous that we still have the volumes of oil that are out there today, and that the Coast Guard and the Feds are not being more vigilant in requiring the RPs to be more aggressive in the recovery efforts. And I think that much, much more can be done.    To see the President hide behind environmental concerns and oil spill concerns on Keystone Pipeline, yet in this case allow the extraordinary volumes of oil to infect one of the most sensitive and productive ecosystems on this continent I think is absolutely unacceptable.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Huffman.