    Mr. HANNA. Thank you.    Ms. Gordon, I take these gentlemen at their word. I mean, and I also think that part of the issue that was never really addressed was the fact that borrowers are also complicit in their own problems. And the bigger the loan application, the more complex, the less likely it is that people actually understand what they are doing, especially when they are anticipating that the value of the property as you indicated was going to go up 10 percent a year and it actually did not. And why would it, right? Things do not grow to the sky.    What I want to say, too, is what I have noticed is that because of consolidations on economies of scale as you had mentioned are so obvious in the banking business and seem to work so well, and I take your points about banks at the lower end needing to be more efficient, maybe look to bigger banks to see what they should be doing, what I see is that the role of smaller banks is even more critical now than it has ever been because with this consolidation, larger banks are less willing, and frankly it is not profitable for them to do the kind of banking that Mr. Kelly spoke of. And what I see is a reduction in the willingness and the capacity of people to borrow, not just because they are increasing their loan requirements but because it is just simply not worth it for banks to do a 100,000, 200,000 loan. The internal costs are so great.    So I would suggest that what Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Eagerton do and what Mr. Lux spoke about, that we should find ways to reduce burdens on smaller banks because the entrepreneurs, as Mr. Mitchell and Eagerton pointed out, at the lower end, that is where the growth is. I mean, it is a small guy that gets big. And frankly, that is what we want.    And I do not mean to make a statement here too much, but I wonder what anybody thinks about that, especially you, Mr. Mitchell. I mean, you are a small bank. Mr. Eagerton is a small bank. What do you think of that?    Mr. HANNA. And to your point about minorities, that speaks exactly to that.    Go ahead, Ms. Gordon. I am sorry.    Mr. HANNA. These gentlemen know their numbers. They are not sitting here dumb. They are telling you what it is costing them. They are telling you it is a burden. So they may not be aware of everything, but they are certainly aware of the fact that they spend $75,000 or $100,000 when they used to spend nine. Twenty? That is what they look at. I am sure you are correct.    Mr. HANNA. But your point was a good one, that perhaps some loans should be looked at differently by the federal government.    Mr. HANNA. I mean, in a way you are on their side.    Mr. HANNA. My time is expired. Thank you.