    Mr. Robinson. Good morning, Chairman Mica, Ranking Member Duckworth, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Tony Robinson, and I am the regional administrator for FEMA Region VI, which includes Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and the 68 federally recognized tribes within that geographic area. I welcome this opportunity to discuss FEMA's role in the response and recover efforts to the flooding disaster that took place in and around the Baton Rouge, Louisiana, area between August 11 and August 31, 2016.    I also welcome this opportunity to publicly commend the State and local elected officials sitting at the witness table today, as well as local first responders. These are dedicated public servants who are working tirelessly to serve the needs of their neighbors and communities, and I appreciate all that they have done and will continue to do.    On August 14, Governor Edwards verbally requested and the President quickly granted a major disaster declaration under the authorities of the Stafford Act to provide assistance in three broad categories: public assistance, individual assistance, and the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program.    Yesterday, the President approved the 90 percent cost share for all public assistance costs for this disaster. The President's announcement of the cost-share adjustment is another step in the administration's ongoing response to flooding in Louisiana.    FEMA's public assistance and individual assistance programs are made available in areas designated as part of the major disaster declaration, while the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program is authorized across the State.    During the response and recovery phase of the disaster, FEMA works to support the State as the State works to support its local governments. For example, if a community identifies a shortfall in its capability to support its residents in the wake of disaster, the community calls upon the State to identify resources to fill that capability gap. If, however, the State determined that it does not have the resources to fill the gap as identified by the officials, the State then turns to FEMA to draw upon Federal resources to fill that gap. Even so, FEMA's moving aggressively to make sure it is properly positioned to provide Federal assistance when the State requested.    On August 12, in advance of Governor Edwards' request for Federal assistance, FEMA deployed incident management assistance teams to Louisiana to coordinate with State and local officials on lifesaving and life-sustaining operations. In support of survivors, FEMA delivered more than 2 million liters of water, 1.3 million meals, 17,700 cots, 12,500 blankets, and 2,000 tarps to the State.    At the request of State and local officials, FEMA also deployed a national urban search and rescue task force to supplement local search-and-rescue operations, and also issued a mission assignment for a national disaster medical assistant team to support the State's medical shelter operations.    Along with the State, FEMA's prioritizing housing options for survivors as we continue to work with the State-lead housing task force to identify options that meet the unique needs of disaster survivors. There are several options available. As you know and as the Governor stated, on August 24 the Governor announced the Shelter at Home program that with funding support from FEMA will allow residents who qualify to safely live in their own homes as temporary shelters while they plan and carry out permanent repairs.    The Stafford Act prescribes that individual assistance program provide funding to assist survivors with repairs for homes, for rental assistance, or to assist with other needs like cleaning costs. As of September 7, FEMA has provided more than $584 million of assistance to individuals, of which $494 million was provided in the form of housing assistance to more than 138,000 households. Furthermore, FEMA has activated its transitional sheltering assistance program on August 19 to allow eligible disaster survivors to be temporarily housed in participating hotels or motels.    Flood insurance is one of the best ways to protect homeowners and renters from financial impacts of flood events. As of September 7, over 28,500 claims have been filed with the National Flood Insurance Program. In an effort to speed repairs and recovery the NFIP authorized and issued $247 million in advanced payments to NFIP policyholders in Louisiana who sustained damages, providing expedited relief to disaster survivors.    When no other solution fits the circumstances FEMA may provide for HUD-approved manufactured housing units to provide a middle-term housing solution to survivors for up to 18 months. As with many of the other efforts, we work closely with State and local official to ensure that the placement of these MHUs is consistent with flood plain management regulations, State and local zoning codes, standards, or ordinances, and is consistent with the needs of the local community.    We continue to work closely with the State as they engage their local communities and identify projects eligible for the public assistance program. The State has scheduled applicant briefings and kickoff meetings with local officials. In each of these briefings and meetings FEMA will work side by side with the State and support them as they support their local communities in the recovery, planning, and execution.    In conclusion, FEMA is working to support the State of Louisiana as the State supports its local communities and residents. While a lot of progress has been made, the recovery from this significant disaster will take time. As local communities identify capability gaps or shortfalls with the State and the State calls upon FEMA to assist with filling those gaps, FEMA will marshal all the resources of the Federal Government that the law allows to fill those needs. FEMA will be there to help survivors until our job is done.    Again, thank for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to any questions the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Robinson. As of this--as of yesterday, 140,000 claims.    Mr. Robinson. I'd have to get back for the record.    Mr. Robinson. We're $590 million in----    Mr. Robinson. --assistance. I have the dollars that have been provided. I do not have the number that received----    Mr. Robinson. As of this morning, the average was about $8,000.    Mr. Robinson. We'll get it for the record.    Mr. Robinson. As of last night, we had 110 on site. On site.    Mr. Robinson. I'd have to get back with you on that number.    Mr. Robinson. Chairman Mica, there are several things we're trying to do. First and foremost, as the Governor mentioned, mentioned working with his program to do sheltering.    Mr. Robinson. Under the rental assistance program, an individual can rent.    Mr. Robinson. Under the rental assistance program, a survivor can rent----    Mr. Robinson. --a travel trailer.    Mr. Robinson. Our programs, since this, is for up to 18 months. We look at HUD-approved units.    Mr. Robinson. So they have a safe and secure unit.    Mr. Robinson. Sir, we put people in the office of--the Parish Office of Emergency Preparedness office.    Mr. Robinson. Sir, as I stated, we staged water and meals ready to eat in Camp Beauregard, which, in accordance with State plan we worked out, the National Guard then distributed that water down to the local level.    Mr. Robinson. I'm not, and I'll check that out.    Mr. Robinson. Yes. We have meals and water in the State, and typically, the way that occurs is the Parish Office of Emergency Preparedness receives the request. They put it in an automated system called WEB EOC, which goes into the State Emergency Operation Center. If they have those resources locally, they source those, usually task the Guard to deliver those resources. If not, then they ask us to provide additional assistance.    Mr. Robinson. So obviously on any disaster, there's lessons learned. I think one of the things, we worked very closely with the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. We also have people at each of the parishes, so what you've heard today is how we typically see that process where the parish then makes the request, the State sources that. Just like the points of distribution being discussed here. Those are typically run by the National Guard. We don't typically--we don't run those operations, so we certainly will circle back and make sure that we communicate what--that there's not regulations that we impose upon them.    Mr. Robinson. So ma'am, to answer your question, obviously, the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act, were all things that this body did that helped us deliver our assistance and be more proactive. We are going to meet today, the mayors, myself, with the Associate Administrator For Flood Insurance and Mitigation, Roy Wright. We can place MHUs in a floodplain, not in a flood way, as long as we meet certain criteria, and we're going to talk through that today to make sure we're very clear on what we can do there.    Mr. Robinson. Yes, ma'am. We have weekly calls that we're establishing with our mayors now. We've gone robust in our governmental affairs to be able to provide a point of contact where we can work through things, and we'll continue to have our liaison at the parish office making sure that they reach out and talk to the mayors on a frequent basis.    Mr. Robinson. That's correct.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. What do we tell those people? Is the Stafford Act sufficient to respond to this disaster?    Mr. Robinson. So Congressman, I'd say that the assistance and disasters is multifaceted. So the Small Business Administration assistance, they may provide insurance, whether they be flood insurance, homeowner's insurance, all those things come together to make someone whole.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Small business is a--small business is a loan. Is that correct?    Mr. Robinson. That's correct    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. So you're going to take on another liability. These people--you know, Congressman Richmond said it very well. They've lost it all. It's not a breach. There are lives are on the street. They lost everything, and yet they are going to take on another liability? Is this sufficient to respond to this disaster for this community to recover?    Mr. Robinson. The continuum of assistance includes many things, and it could be faith-based volunteer organizations or we've--I implemented our National Disaster Recovery framework to look at philanthropic organizations and what they may be able to help us with as well.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. We're going to donate in charity and volunteer our way out of the fourth most costly disaster in the United States--flood disaster in United States history. That's what you're saying?    Mr. Robinson. What I'm saying is, it's a large event, and it's going to take the whole community effort to be able to help these citizens recover.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And I mentioned, and this is a statistic coming from you, from the FEMA NFIP program that believe--again, projecting this to perhaps be the fourth most costly flood disaster in United States history. The others would be Sandy, Katrina, and Ike. In those other there instances, were--was anything--were there supplemental appropriations requested?    Mr. Robinson. I'd have to get back for you for the record.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I can answer that. It's yes. It's hell yes. You don't have a disaster like this and not step in and tailor the response.    There is this unbelievable perception out there that the cost of inaction is free. Mr. Robinson, I'm going to state again, look, I'm very frustrated right now and I'm--not at you. I'm frustrated that Administrator Fugate is not here or someone even higher to talk about the recovery here.    I mean, this is absurd that we're trying to use something that was created for preschool to try and address a college situation. The sideboard has been blown off the Stafford Act for this disaster. They've been blown off. This is an entirely insufficient situation.    What are you going the tell that person that is sitting there that doesn't have the money in the bank and is facing a six-figure liability to get themselves back to where they were the day before the storm? What are you going to tell them? They have got their lives and they've got God. What are you going to tell them?    Mr. Robinson. Sir, we're going to work together with the State, the whole community to try and help them on the road to recovery.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. The Governor's--the Governor's testimony indicated that he believed that there was $8.7 billion, is that ballpark, Gov?    Governor Edwards. Correct, not including public infrastructure damage.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. So in excess of 8.7 billion. And so, we're going to depend upon volunteers and philanthropic organizations. The volunteers in Louisiana have been--and throughout the States have been unbelievable in what's happened so far. The value of their work--I know that folks in the State are looking at this, but tens, if not hundreds of millions of dollars, and if you value the work that's been done on the rescues and the recovery work so far, unbelievable what they've done.    It is--it is absolutely unacceptable to think that we're going to find a way to charity ourselves out of this thing. It's not happening. I'll say it again. The cost of inaction is not free. We have two choices. We can get in front of this and design a recovery package that's tailored to this disaster, to help provide a hand up to a community that doesn't ever want a handout. Or, we can--we can sit here and let mass foreclosures, bankruptcies--and you heard them talk about it. Two of the mayors, I believe, mentioned 90 percent of their community is flooded.    Mr. Robinson, let me ask you another question. FEMA, as I recall over in North Sherwood, where you have some MHUs set up over there, staged over there, I think there's an adjacent area that appears to have some other trailers and mobile homes. Can you tell me what that is?    Mr. Robinson. Some of the RV units that you're talking about?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, sir.    Mr. Robinson. Those could be mobile communication platforms and maybe mobile units that we use for disaster recovery centers that are mobile as well.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Is there FEMA personnel that live or stay on that compound anywhere?    Mr. Robinson. There's not.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. There are no FEMA--where are all the FEMA personnel staying?    Mr. Robinson. They stay throughout the impacted areas.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. In a tent?    Mr. Robinson. Most of them are in a hotel, and I think most of our staff right now are staying either in New Orleans or Lafayette.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. And where are there--where do their meals come from?    Mr. Robinson. Excuse me, where do their meals come from?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Their meals, where do their meals come from?    Mr. Robinson. From the local community.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And who pays for that?    Mr. Robinson. They receive a per diem.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. So--so we have--we have hotels that are set up, and let's keep in mind, hotel rooms aren't available for the general public. I mean, pretty much all the hotels are booked. So we have FEMA personnel that are staying in hotels. They get a per diem for their meals that are covered, and all their stuff is set. Those guys are taking care of. That's not a worry that they have.    Now, let me tell you about conversations with Livingston Parish Sheriff Jason Ard, east Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff Sid Gautreaux, and Ascension Parish Sheriff Jeff Wiley. Their deputies are peeling off left and right because they don't have stability. These are the law enforcement community that are foundational to the recovery of these communities, and their deputies are leaving because they don't have that stability that your employees have. They don't have that.    And so we've asked if they could simply have a compound that they pay for that, by the way, will save significant dollars as compared to other FEMA solutions. If they can have a compound where they can set up trailers and other housing opportunities for their deputies--and FEMA has been all over the place. I think I've talked to everybody from Homeland Security Secretary to some random person from Puerto Rico about it, and nobody can seem to give an answer.    The law enforcement community needs the same stability. Look, keep in mind, they've lost everything they flooded. Unlike your employees, they don't have that stability. They're peeling off and trying to find it because they can't stay in these communities. They need that stability. And to continue to drag these guys around, not give them answers, and not give them what they want when it's more cost effective and helps establish the rule of law, Mr. Robinson, I'll say it again, it's completely unacceptable.    I know I'm going over time. Congressman Richmond, I want to--just one more question and then yield to you.    I want to ask one other question. Based on some of the calculations we've seen on MHUs, these trailer units, you buy them, you transport them, you stage them, you set them up, you break them down. As I appreciate, the cost per unit, when you add up all those costs, you're approaching $100,000. $100,000. The Governor's program shelter-at-home, which Gov, I've--I've said before. I love the concept of that program. I think it's complementary to long-term recovery. The concept is great.    Under the Governor's program, they're capped at $15,000 per house. So let's compare that. $15,000 per house to help shelter-at-home. You're going to have $100,000 in a unit, in a manufactured housing unit. That's a lot of ocean, $85,000 in cost per household between those two. Why would you not give the shelter-at-home program more flexibility to help get these homes in better shape toward the long-term recovery? Give them $50,000. You save $50,000. It's a cost-effective solution for taxpayers.    Why wouldn't more flexibility not be provided there? Why would you not let some people go to Home Depot or Steins or Homes or Lowes and go, say, hey, look, these 50 products are approved products to rebuild your home, and let them do it. I remind you, we had the Cajun Army, Cajun Navy, Cajun chefs, Cajun shelters, these people all did this on their own. Why would you not provide more flexibility to them to--again, more dollars and more flexibility? It complements the long-term recovery.    Mr. Robinson. So we agree with you. I think the stay-at-home program is an innovative solution. What we've tried to do here is create that $15,000 in addition to somebody's repair money so the Governor's program can come in and make the home safe and secure, and then the repair money can be extended so they can make those--the permanent repairs to their home.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I yield to Congressman Richmond.    Mr. Robinson. So we have several authorities. One is for temporary sheltering, which some of our programs are being done now. The others are our temporary repair program, which it provides funding for a homeowner to make permanent repairs to their home.    Mr. Robinson. So under the authorities for the Governor's program, that is a sheltering program, so that is temporary in nature, must be sheltering in nature. And then there are 408 programs that then allow housing for up to 18 months.    Mr. Robinson. That would be allowed under the repair money that we provide to the individuals.    Mr. Robinson. Correct.    Mr. Robinson. So under our programs, we're authorized to do emergency measures to make the home safe and secure and habitable. So it's minimal repairs.    Mr. Robinson. Yes. So as I was saying, those are for the emergency repairs to make the home safe and secure and habitable.    Mr. Robinson. It's not for permanent--it's not for the replacing everything that's in the home.    Mr. Robinson. Sir, the personal property can be covered. One of the things we've done by allowing the Governor's program is to maximize those dollars under the 33 so they can make repairs to the sheetrock to make the home livable in a more permanent fashion.    Mr. Robinson. So, sir, we are looking at those emergency repairs. Our inspectors look at the verified loss to do those emergency repairs. Our programs are meant to be supplemental in nature to homeowners and flood insurance.    Mr. Robinson. Yes, sir.    Mr. Robinson. Each case is an individual case. And so what I would say is we'll get back to you and walk through that process on how we get to the inspections and the amount.    Mr. Robinson. Are you speaking other than the manufactured housing units we're bringing in?    Mr. Robinson. I'll have to get back with you on that.    Mr. Robinson. So, Congressman, we have used that to expedite some of the assistance. So we expedited rental assistance, we expedited flood insurance claims based on looking at some of that geospatial information on flood depth.    Mr. Robinson. So I'm working with Jim Waskom from the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. He and I had a discussion last night. We're working on that again today.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But let's be clear. I don't want you to pull the Governor and his staff into this thing. This is not their decision. This decision is FEMA's decision. Is that correct?    Mr. Robinson. We're going to----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. They're not holding up anything.    Mr. Robinson. We're going to work very closely with----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Can you just--is the State holding up anything here?    Mr. Robinson. It is not.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. I just want to make that clear. Okay. So could you please answer?    Mr. Robinson. So we're going to identify the need, what's the need that we can't solve outside of our Individual Assistance program. Right now, we currently have a contract for those deputies to stay in a hotel that is paid for by the State, which FEMA is reimbursing, and that is through September 30th, 2016. And we'll work to get a resolution on this as quickly as possible.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. If you can save money--if you can save money, provide a more stable, preferable environment for the law enforcement community, why would you not do that? Why would you not honor the request of the sheriffs?    Mr. Robinson. Sir, we're going to work to identify what the needs are. One of the things we want to make sure is we don't provide funding----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. They've already identified a plan. They've identified the plan. They've proffered that to you. We've been talking about it now for over a week.    Mr. Robinson. So we want to make sure that the individuals go in there would be eligible to receive our assistance so we don't end up with a recoupment issue that may come back later.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So we're going to continue to have a bleeding of deputies, deputies leaving the forces, the law enforcement community continuing to have instability in their lives, while you continue to plow through this.    You don't think that the sheriff is in touch with his deputies and is aware of their situation better than FEMA?    Mr. Robinson. Sir, we're going to continue to work with the sheriff, the State, and we'll update you on where we are on the status of this.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Can you just tell me when an answer is going to be made?    Mr. Robinson. I will have to get back with you on that.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And I think it's ridiculous. I do.I think it's ridiculous. This is why people get so frustrated and why there are T-shirts that use an alternative acronym for ``FEMA'' on Bourbon Street. This is why.    I--let me check and see. I just want to make mention that this whole rotating FEMA officials and comparably rotating answers from FEMA officials is unacceptable. The mayor of Zachary told me, if I remember right, that he is on his 70th FEMA official that is his contact since Hurricane, I think it was Gustav--70th, seven-zero. It's just ridiculous what goes on and the inconsistency of answers, the inconsistency of treatment of folks that are already in a crisis-type situation.    And I want to recognize Mr. Richmond for closing remarks--questions or closing remarks.    Mr. Robinson. Sir, we have made some unique changes to allows the Governor's program--we have expedited assistance under the Flood Insurance Program to expedite----    Mr. Robinson. Based on the information today, we do have the funding that we need.