    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ranking Member Visclosky, Members of the subcommittee, once again thank you for the opportunity to testify today about an opportunity to improve Marine Corps tactical intelligence and support combat operations.    The Marine Corps Director of Intelligence published a document last September called the ``Marine Corps Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Enterprise Plan for 2015-2020.'' This is a roadmap for improving the quality and timeliness of intelligence passed to Marine units conducting combat operations. This plan addresses the intelligence functions across all echelons of the Marine Corps, the Intelligence Community, and the Joint Force. It implements the principles of Expeditionary Force 21, the Marine Corps' capstone concept for America's Force in Readiness. And to quote the document, it is all about providing the right intelligence at the right place, at the right time.    We are facing emerging threats and existing threats modernizing at an unprecedented rate. Our enemies' ability to adapt to American capabilities requires a new American commitment to continue to lead technological development. We use this advantage to outfight, outthink our enemies, but we must also learn how to understand how to use this information that it provides, for integration of intelligence will equal battlefield success.    Integration of information is a high priority for the Marine Corps. It reduces the production timeline, produces greater understanding of the battle space, and supports interoperability by using open standards. Providing these smart maps, it allows the unit commanders and combatants to better understand intelligence data.    The Marine Corps requested $13.2 million for the USMC Intelligence/Electronic Warfare Program fiscal year 2016, a 7 percent decrease compared to fiscal year 2015. Within that amount, $1.8 million is for intelligence analyst systems support, which integrate these new tools into the intelligence analysis system family of programs.    I don't think that the fiscal year 2016 budget provides the Marine Corps adequate resources to implement this vision. I recognize the subcommittee has a very, very difficult task in front of it. As you craft your fiscal year 2016 bill, I am urging you to closely examine whether the Marines Corps Intelligence Community has sufficient resources to lead the way in the warfighting intelligence process.    I just want to add a couple of small comments. I think last year when I was here I told you that intelligence and what you learn before you go into battle is something that is personally important to me. I think I used the phrase that one time I was the most dangerous weapon in the world as a second lieutenant with a map and a compass.    Well, the world has changed, but there are always a lot of emerging threats. You know, Nimitz had a big advantage at Midway. You look at Enigma and Ultra, how they basically won the war for the Allies through the help of the British code breakers. And some of these things are going to change the battlefield.    And if you look at the Army and you look at the Marine Corps and you look at the number of casualties that they have had in the last 50 years, you know, a lot of it has been on these battlefields. Some of it has been from such archaic weapons as RPGs, still explosive devices that I was encountering in Vietnam in 1967 and 1968. This is something, I think, for all unit commanders, battle commanders, and all troops that go in harm's way, this is a program that I hope you will look very carefully at. And I thank you for your indulgence.    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.