    Mr. JENNINGS. Thank you, Chairman Hardy. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    At the home builders, the Southern Nevada Home Builders Association has over 1,000 active members, and that represents more than 15,000 employees, just in the area of southern Nevada.    I'm here to talk about a new enforcement policy that affects what is at the core of the home building business, and that's land. This new enforcement policy is still new, but its impact is growing. There's still time to reverse course and bring some common sense back to this process.    Just a little background. When Federal land is conveyed to private owners, the BLM usually reserves to the United States rights to certain minerals. Those mineral reservations run with the land. Most land in Nevada is subject to some kind of mineral reservation.    It is the recent regulation of those reserve mineral rights that is a problem.    In response to an audit by the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, the local BLM field offices were directed to more vigorously pursue mineral material trespass claims. Those claims seek fines or fees for the unauthorized use of mineral materials. There are now 84 pending trespass claims in southern Nevada, which is a dramatic increase from just a few years ago.    Under the regulation, owners of land subject to a Federal mineral reservation are allowed to use ``a minimal amount of mineral materials for their own personal use, but only within the boundaries of their property. Anything beyond that is considered unauthorized unless the landowner pays the BLM.'' That is from Title 43 of the Code of Federal Regulations.    The problem is what constitutes ``a minimal amount.'' What does ``personal use'' really mean. The regulations are not clear, and therefore the enforcement is not predictable.    Some examples of recent enforcement action include a builder removes and relocates several thousand cubic yards of common soil material at its own cost, simply to match the elevation of surrounding developments. The BLM pursued a trespass action against the builder, and the builder paid tens of thousands of dollars to resolve the enforcement action.    Another builder purchased a large parcel from a BLM auction some years ago. The land was later subdivided into more manageable-sized parcels for residential development. The builder moved common soil and sand and gravel from one parcel to another, but within the original boundaries of the land.    The BLM issued a trespass notice to the builder. The builder has spent already tens of thousands of dollars defending the action and faces the possibility of hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and fees and the possible interruption of his development.    It's difficult for home builders and developers to comprehend that when they purchase land for development, they may be at risk that either the BLM or some third party may have rights to come onto the land to extract sand and gravel, or even common soil.    It is similarly difficult to understand that they may be subject to fines or fees for normal development activity. This is especially troubling when the use of the land by the builder is entirely consistent with the purpose for which the land was originally sold.    For example, land sold under the Small Tract Act of 1938 was done so to provide land for residential, recreational, and even business use. When builders are being fined for using this land for residential use, it just doesn't seem right.    One problem is that the new enforcement policy is being retroactively applied to parcels already purchased by home builders and developers. The builder faces possible fines and fees that were never considered when the initial investment in the land was made. This also makes future investment in land more costly and less predictable.    If you get the land right, everything else takes care of itself. That's kind of a common term in home building. The new enforcement policy with these uncertain standards makes it increasingly difficult to get the land right. With uncertainty comes risk. The greater the risk, the less likely investment in land will be made.    This is a problem for both large and small builders, but it is especially burdensome on small homebuilders. They must put their eggs in far fewer baskets so there's more at stake with each investment in land. When some of these eggs break, the impact to the small builder is magnified.    So what can we do? First, develop more predictable and defensible standards. There needs to be clear and more fair distinctions between commercial and personal use. For instance, personal use should include use of common soil material within the boundaries of a development without fear of additional fees or fines, at a minimum.    There should be public notice and an ample opportunity for comment before interpretations are made and enforcement standards are set to result in common sense rule-making.    The BLM should also follow the guidelines of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, bring small business into the discussion, find out how the regulations and their enforcement hamper small business, then tailor the regulations so they are predictable and not harmful, and promote a true public interest.    Now, I don't wish to cast stones at all. The people at the local BLM office have been nothing but cooperative and professional. They are being directed by management in Washington to press this issue, even though the regulatory standards are not clear and in many ways not fair. I welcome any questions.    Mr. JENNINGS. I certainly hope I don't have to, you know, comply with 67,000 pages, but I'm from a little bit of a unique perspective because I don't actually work for a small business, I'm here on behalf of the Southern Nevada Home Builders Association. But I work for a larger home builder and, you know, when we kind of canvas the membership of the Southern Nevada Home Builders Association, there were no small businesses, no small home builders that knew enough about the topic that I addressed today to even come today, feel comfortable to testify. And I think that's indicative of what, how difficult it is for a small business owner to handle.    This is a fairly simple issue. It has potentially far-reaching effects. But the fact that they can't even keep up with this, there's that no way they're going to be able to keep up with 67,000 pages of additional regulations.    Mr. JENNINGS. I don't want to speculate, but in the published report it talks about revenue, talks about trying to raise revenue for the Federal government. And I think they are leaving money on the table by not pressing their, you know, unfortunately, the mineral rights. And I, you know, it doesn't seem--I can't think of a public interest that it serves beyond that.    Mr. JENNINGS. You are exactly right. There are lots of reasons why common soils or sand and gravel needs to be removed from a site, particularly here in North Las Vegas where there's lots of hydro-collapsible and expansive soils that they need to be pulled off and taken somewhere and deposited somewhere and, you know, to be--right now there's no accommodation for, that I'm aware of, for the circumstances under which you are exporting material from a site. It's just how many yards did you take off, and here's what we are going to charge you. And so I don't think it's fair because, you know, I think anyone, when they buy a piece of land has an expectation that they can sort of do with it what they bought it for.    When you have a home builder who buys land to build homes on and you can't do that without paying extra money to the BLM, it's kind of hard to swallow.    Mr. JENNINGS. That's actually one of the exceptions. So if they do a small--if they do a pool, that's considered a minimal use, under the statutes, actually it's one of the examples. So a pool excavation would not be considered an unauthorized use for a homeowner.    But almost everything beyond that can be considered an unauthorized use and that, the cost of that ultimately get passed on to the consumer and oftentimes that, the unpredictability in the enforcement of the regulation, and the extra costs involved, will discourage investment in the land. Because if you don't know what you are going to be charged for it, then a lot of times you are going to have to pass, and according to a home builders' research, every $1,000 in increase, in price increase for a home kind of prices out 1,800 people from the market. So it makes it difficult.    Mr. JENNINGS. I would hope so, but that's not how it works now.    Mr. JENNINGS. And then one other thing on that, it's not just the land owned the BLM, it's land that was previously owned by the BLM that is still subject to these mineral reservations. So it's nearly all the land in Nevada that's subject to this in one way or another.    Mr. JENNINGS. That's correct. That's correct.    Mr. JENNINGS. Yes.    Mr. JENNINGS. Well, there is--most of the developable land in Clark County and southern Nevada is owned by the BLM. And as we expand, it becomes even more so because there's only so many in-filled pieces that you can buy from private parties. So you're really relying on the BLM. And the BLM, you know, they can charge whatever they want.    They go through an appraisal procedure that they need to follow, but it certainly does put a, I believe, raise values in land and makes it very difficult to continue a home building business because real estate values aren't keeping pace.    So once land becomes too expensive, none of the deals pencil. They just can't be made to work.    Mr. JENNINGS. Yes. You know, I was in the home building industry beginning at the high times and then all the way through the recession, all the way to the deepest part of the recession, and then now as we've sort of come out of it, and there were a lot of builders back in 2005 and 2006 and after the recession it wiped out pretty much all of the little guys, all the small business, all the small home builders. The larger ones just sort of managed to get by.    But as we've seen kind of the wobbly recovery, the additional regulations, the additional kind of choking on the industry has made it very difficult, more difficult for small home builders to come back in, to reform and to start up operations again, because it's just too expensive, too burdensome, and too difficult, too risky. And so if they, if you can do anything to lighten the load and bring some common sense back to some of these regulations and the enforcement of those regulations, I think you'll see more of the small type of home builder re-enter the market and I think that ends up benefiting everyone.