    Mr. Ravallion. Thank you very much. Thank you for inviting me. Following up on what Dean said, I actually do think it is feasible to virtually eliminate extreme poverty in the world. We can lift 1 billion people out of extreme poverty by 2030 with the right policies. And that is continuing the policies in developing countries over the last 20, 30 years.    It is not like a major overhaul of existing policies, but we would also need some good luck. Obviously, major crises could overturn that objective. But I really do think we are at a really critical moment for achieving that.    I do believe that the development banks have a major role, but the other thing we have to realize is that a lot has changed in that 70 years since the Bretton Woods institution, and I think the role of an institution like the World Bank has also changed, fundamentally changed.    When the institution was formed, there was no global financial market. There was virtually nothing. The institution was the main lender, the main source of money, to developing countries. That has changed dramatically. The bank accounts for maybe 5 percent of the capital flows to developing countries today. That is not the rationale today.    Today, the rationale is anchored very much with the ability of the World Bank and institutions, and other development banks, and the IMF to deal with problems of global public good, and those problems center fundamentally on knowledge.    The bundling of knowledge with lending, the bundling of the ability of an institution like the bank to combine those two elements is what is really unique.    I don't see the private sector doing that. And I don't see the private sector investing in very risky environments as well. But I also don't see them dealing with the public good problem I have talked about.    That public good problem essentially is about two things: dealing with the constraints that countries face in escaping poverty, how do we achieve that 1 billion target; and what are the specific things we need to do in each country?    That is an important role for the bank to develop the knowledge, which is analytic, it is database, but it is also analytic. About how we actually do that in those countries. What are the binding constraints in each country and how do we tackle those constraints? And we have to make that step if we are really going to achieve that goal.    One reason I am optimistic about that goal, by the way, is that this country did it. This country was just as poor as many countries in Africa in the early 19th Century. This country did it. And, actually, a developing world is escaping poverty at a pace now which far exceeds the long run pace in the United States.    So, there are reasons to be optimistic, but I think that the key issue is tackling the specific constraints in each country, identifying those constraints, and addressing them fully.    I don't think the bank is doing as well as it could, in this respect. And I think one of the limitations is that there is an excessive focus on the volume of lending, and this permeates--this lending culture permeates thinking within the bank. Managerial and staff incentives do have to change. The lending culture has to change. I am not the first person to say that. People within the bank, reviews of the bank have been saying this over many years. But it really does need to change.    Knowledge must drive the lending, not just be a residual claimant. You don't just turn to knowledge when you are not sure exactly what to do in a particular situation. The knowledge, particularly in addressing those binding constraints at the country level, has to drive the bank's lending.    And a second area is global public goods in not just knowledge, but in the global public bads. We are going to have more pandemics. We are going to have more global financial crises. The bank has to be mobilized to deal with that. Unfortunately, the country model, which developed for out of Bretton Woods, which was targeted very much to delivering money, borrowing from rich people in the world, and lending to poor people in the world, that country model is not ideal for dealing with global public good.    It needs coordination--a different model, a model that coordinates people and information in a much more effective way globally. Because those global public goods are threatening all of us, and it is a global problem.    We all saw it with Ebola. Suddenly people realized just how bad the health systems were in poor countries. We saw that graphically with the Ebola pandemic, but that is only the first of many going ahead. So, dealing with that global public goods problem is going to require some significant changes, I believe.    Thank you.    Mr. Ravallion. Thank you. Yes, a refocus is going to be needed, but that is not the main problem. I think, as I said, the challenge of getting out of poverty is very country-specific, right? It is not a generalized thing. I can't give you an answer. I just wrote a 700-page book, and it is coming out in 2 months, which is essentially trying to address your question. And I am not sure the 700 pages was enough.    And I don't have--this clock is ticking.    But I do want to emphasize very much that the specifics of how you deal with poverty is figuring that out at the country level. That is how we have done it in the past. That is how China did it.    Mr. Ravallion. Well, let me assure you nothing compares to Indian bureaucracy.    I work on India, and have done so for 30 years. In the present situation, the reality is that bank staff are assessed by the volume of their lending, dollars of money lent. And that is just a poor indicator of impact on poverty. You have impact on poverty sometimes when you don't lend at all.    You just argue it out in your policy dialogue at the country level to get the kinds of reforms that are needed to deal with the specific problems in that context. Or you use money, you use lending bundled with knowledge and bundled with good evaluation, feeding back into future lending.    And it is that bundling of lending and knowledge that you can't just measure success by the dollar value of the lending. As long as the incentives of staff and managers are tied to that goal, you are not going to have the impact the bank could have.    Mr. Ravallion. Yes, but the bulk of poverty is in those middle-income countries.    Mr. Ravallion. That is not a huge problem. Also, those categories, low income, middle income are very arbitrary--    Mr. Ravallion. --and disappearing. But thankfully, the task of realigning, as I keep emphasizing, realigning incentives towards that goal, I think the recent reforms have been a step in that direction. But it is not about the organogram. It is not about the way you organize the bank. That is one aspect, but it is a minor aspect. And, in fact, the old organogram resolidified quite quickly. It is about those incentives at the staff level. That is the culture that has to change.    Mr. Ravallion. Very quickly, I have a worry, a concern that the volume of research is increasing, but I don't see it fully deployed towards our key knowledge gaps. Think about it this way: there are knowledge gaps coming out of the problems, finding those binding constraints at country level, what--how do we deal with them. There is a disconnect--the key disconnect is between essentially policymakers and research.    Mr. Ravallion. Right? They are asking questions, and we are answering some of them, but not all of them. And to bring the two together, in a more effective way, is the charge.    Mr. Ravallion. What is the question?    Mr. Ravallion. It is sad--somewhat sadly the case that there is really nobody doing it. That is the problem. Now, if we could get the WHO to reform, we could get the--it to be properly funded, maybe. But it needs a global institution. I think the funding role, and the convening role of the bank would remain even if we got the WHO working better.    Mr. Ravallion. Yes, it has a lot to do with building health systems in poor countries, right? And that is also about information. Dealing with a pandemic is about information; it is amazingly important to know what is happening locally, what is happening in the next country, and getting that information really quickly, and being very responsive. The fundamental infrastructure on health systems, and the information just flows have to be much more effective.    Mr. Ravallion. Which countries are more successful? And which are--    Mr. Ravallion. Yes, okay, on your first question, I love the way that the senior member put it, that poverty is a global problem. It is a--poverty in Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa is a problem for America. We are global citizens.    But it is not just our citizenship, it is not just the moral and ethical argument. It is the spillover effects. The way poverty costs people globally, we see that in things like the Ebola crisis and the risks that has to this country. The world as a whole is better off.    So, all of the issues we have addressed, about how the banks, banks plural, could be more effective in supporting knowledge based financial intervention to assure poverty reduction in those countries is in America's interest.    Mr. Ravallion. Actually, Sub-Saharan Africa as a whole has been on a new trajectory since the turn of the millennium that is really impressive. People don't realize the success story. We used to say it was mostly the work of China and India in reducing global poverty. That is no longer true.    The trend rate of poverty reduction in Sub-Saharan Africa went up from a trend of just a miserable 0.4 percent per year in reducing the poverty rate by $1.25 a day, to a very respectable 1 percent trend rate of reduction since 2000. So the region as a whole--now, obviously, there are exceptions. Zimbabwe is doing very badly, and we know why. But we are seeing it, it is not just a few little--    Mr. Ravallion. I am talking in over 48 countries, so you just go through the board. You are seeing progress on some or all dimensions of poverty across Sub-Saharan Africa, with a few exceptions. So, in other words, I would answer your question by pointing out the cases where it is not happening.    Mr. Ravallion. It certainly wasn't just the banks. The biggest single thing I would point to is the change in the policy environment. The more market-friendly policies--I am not a pro-markets guy all the time, and I am all the time talking about problems like market failures and addressing those, but there were some major reforms starting from the mid-1990s that put a lot of the developing world on a new trajectory. And we have to realize that.    Macro stability was key. This is something that the banks and they fund, encourage in dialogue, but the attribution problems are huge in terms of saying, well, how much was there--the external players versus the internal domestic players.    We are in a kind of dialogue all the time about better policies, ranging from macro stabilization, macro instability is one of the worst things for poor people. People don't realize just how bad that is often.    All the way through to the micro policies that Professor Karlan talked about on microcredit, for example. All the way through, it is really--the best way to think about is the institutions--the international institutions are in a dialogue with policymakers in countries, trying to encourage, and learn, too. We are learning from one country to help another. Learning and encouraging a better policy--evidenced based policy environment.    Mr. Ravallion. A big factor is going to be in the global finance going to developing countries, and maintaining that is going to be key. Now, that is hardly about the direct financing of the banks, but also about their facilitating role, and their leadership role. You have to realize there are many countries where there is risks, for example. The private sector, one of the problems in private sector lending is getting to risky places. The World Bank has persistently identified places being the first in lead the private sector into that country.    Mr. Ravallion. Part of what we do, what we--not we, I am no longer part of what the World Bank does--is very much building the institutions that will be more robust to the existence of potential corruption. It is not like you get rid of corruption and suddenly everybody is going to behave differently. You just have to make the institutions, and the capacity of the state itself is key to that.    One of the mistakes that we make is we think that--we abandon the states because we see corruption. You have to make those states stronger. You have to increase capabilities for monitoring. You are strengthening legal systems and property rights is part of the process of better development policy, facilitated in part through lending. Lending is also--the bank does, is also part of the process of ensuring those things don't happen as much. It will never go away, though.    Mr. Ravallion. Very quickly on that, a couple of points, most developing countries today are a long, long way from a point where you could consider the water drinkable. A key behavioral thing is then how you deal with that. You boil the water, which means that the problems of water and ill health, particularly in kids, diarrhea, diarrheal diseases is a huge problem.    How you deal with that is about other aspects of what we do in development, and particularly in maternal education. A huge factor in the interaction effect between bad water and child ill health is maternal education.    But this is a long, slow road for building that basic infrastructure in water and sanitation, and that is something the development banks do a lot of. But we have to be realistic here. It is going to be a long time before that happens.    Mr. Ravallion. Very quickly, the World Bank will not be, I am very sure, lowering its standards as part of competition with the China banks. The China banks will be raising their standards, and we are seeing that already. I was also, for many years, one of the few, I think the only, international advisor to Chinese government on aid policy. And I saw this in that experience.    I saw the change. I saw from a great naivete about things like evaluation, assuring that the processes work on the ground, to a great sophistication. So, China is capable of raising its standards in all of this to a global, international level. And I think we will see that. It might be--    Mr. Ravallion. Exactly.    Mr. Ravallion. That is interesting, actually, because I never thought it was missing. In some sense I always thought that trade, micro trade, all kinds of trade between people, is one of the things that gets sorted out, that just starts to happen once you deal with the fundamentals: access to credit, access to information, access to infrastructure. And that development was about working on those things.    Now trade between people is one of the things that happens when you get the fundamentals in place. No, I am not trying to avoid the question--    Mr. Ravallion. Okay, I think what you have to realize these days is a place like the World Bank is not just doing big infrastructure, big dams and so on. In fact, it is not doing much of that. In fact, dams are pretty much out of the picture these days. Rather, it is trying to--a lot of it is community-based work, which is exactly what you are talking about, in countries, which isn't necessarily the kind of World Bank lending to a village.    It can be the World Bank setting up a social fund to which villagers apply, or individuals apply. It is creating a kind of infrastructure at another level, which tries to facilitate those things. And the community-based aspect, based on individuals own initiation is key.