    Mr. Ratcliffe. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, will come to order.    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    The subcommittee meets today to hear from key stakeholders, including industry, privacy advocates in academia, on the President's cybersecurity information-sharing proposal in recent cyber initiatives.    Last week the full committee heard testimony from the Department of Homeland Security's top cyber officials on the growing cybersecurity threat and how this legislative proposal could enhance protection of our digital networks and American's most personal information.    Today we turn to the private sector and look forward to hearing from our witnesses on what they think cyber threat-sharing legislation should look like. For years, the private sector has been on the front line battling devastating cyber attacks from criminals, activists in nation-states such as Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea. Any cyber threat-sharing legislation produced by Congress should enhance existing capabilities and relationships while establishing procedures to safeguard personal privacy.    Protecting privacy and the integrity of information is what compels us to act. The recent cyber breach of health insurance giant Anthem exposed the personal information of up to 80 million Americans, approximately 1 in every 4 Americans, demonstrating that the quantity and sophistication of these attacks is only increasing.    Just last week the director of national intelligence, James Clapper, underscored this fact, stating that cyber attacks against us are increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication, and severity of impact and that the methods of attack and the systems targeted and the victims are also expanding in diversity and intensity on a daily basis.    He emphasized that privacy and the integrity of information are indeed at risk, stating that, ``In the future, we will probably see cyber operations that change or manipulate electronic information to compromise its integrity instead of simply deleting or disrupting access to it.''    Director Clapper also revealed that, in 2014, America saw for the first time destructive cyber attacks carried out on U.S. soil by nation-state entities when he confirmed that Iran was behind the cyber attack against the Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which is owned by a vocal supporter of Israel. These breaches are now becoming the norm with attacks on Sony Pictures, Target, Home Depot, JPMorgan, and others as evidence of that fact.    FBI director Jim Comey recently stated, ``There are two kinds of big companies in the United States, those who have been hacked by the Chinese and those who don't know they have been hacked by the Chinese.''    Further, these attacks are not just affecting the largest businesses in financial institutions, but small and medium ones as well. Accordingly, we need to pass legislation that facilitates the sharing of cyber threat indicators and contains robust privacy protections to improve collaboration between Federal civilian agencies, like the DHS, and the private sector.    The Department of Homeland Security's National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, or NCCIC, has been at the forefront of working with the private sector to facilitate cyber threat sharing between the Government and the private sector. NCCIC is a civilian cyber operations center with an embedded statutorily-required privacy office.    In fact, both industry and privacy advocates support NCCIC, which was codified into law last year in bipartisan legislation produced by this committee. NCCIC has been the lead civilian portal for cyber threat sharing between the private sector and the Government, and it is important that NCCIC and other civilian portals be the focus of any cyber threat-sharing legislation.    Today many companies still choose not to share cyber threat indicators with one another or with NCCIC because they fear legal liability. Information about an attack experienced by one company can enable another to fortify its defenses. Yet, when the sharing does not occur, it leaves all of us more vulnerable because the same criminals can use the same tactics to target other companies, exposing even more Americans to having their private information compromised.    Past legislative attempts to improve cyber threat sharing between the private sector and Government and private sector-to-private sector have failed in large part because they could not balance privacy protections with the need for industry to share cyber threat indicators. This Congress I look forward to working with Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and Ranking Member Richmond to craft thoughtful cybersecurity legislation that achieves this balance.    I look forward to hearing from each of the witnesses in their respective fields about the opinions on how best this committee should move forward on drafting legislation to address these issues and what perspectives each of you have on the President's recent legislative proposal and cyber initiatives.    Every generation faces monumental moments where its tenacity to overcome the challenges of our time are tested. Now is our time, as we move deeper into the digital age, to ensure that the cybersecurity challenges we face today are met with the same resolve shown by previous generations of Americans.    I want to thank the witnesses for testifying before this committee, and I look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Next I will ask for unanimous consent to insert into the record the letters received by the committee from the following organizations: National Defense Industrial Association, American Bankers Association, Retail Industry Leaders Association, and the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin, for an opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman. I remind other Members that additional statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. Ratcliffe. We are pleased to have with us a distinguished panel of witnesses today on this very important topic. I would ask all of you to stand, if you would, and raise your right hand.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. You may be seated.    Our witnesses today--we have with us Mr. Matthew Eggers. He is the senior director for national security and emergency preparedness at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.    Mr. Eggers, good to see you again.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Also with us is Ms. Mary Ellen Callahan. She is a partner at Jenner & Block and is the former chief privacy officer at the Department of Homeland Security.    Welcome, Ms. Callahan.    Also with us is Mr. Greg Garcia. He is the executive director of the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council.    Mr. Garcia, we appreciate you coming to see us today.    Then, finally, last, but not least, Dr. Martin Libicki is the senior management scientist at The RAND Corporation.    Dr. Libicki, thank you for being here as well.    The witnesses' full statements will appear in the record.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Eggers for 5 minutes to testify.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Eggers.    It is my understanding that votes have been called. We expect to return roughly 10 minutes after the last vote. So, without objection, the subcommittee is in recess subject to the call of the Chairman.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Appreciate everyone's patience. We're accommodating with the weather, and I think we're going to have some Members return. But I want to continue with everyone's testimony.    So I appreciate, Mr. Eggers, your testimony.    Next we would love to hear from Ms. Callahan.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Ms. Callahan.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Garcia to testify.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Garcia.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The Chairman now recognizes Dr. Libicki.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Libicki.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Eggers, I'd like to start with you. In many respects, the Chamber of Commerce represents a single voice for stakeholders across many of the critical infrastructure sectors.    So, in that respect and capacity, can you address whether industry supports the sharing of cyber threat indicators through civilian portals, such as the NCCIC, with established and transparent privacy protections?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Eggers.    Ms. Callahan, as I've listened to stakeholders across the spectrum here, including privacy groups, one of the recurring questions and concerns out there relates to the minimization of data, which you talked about in your testimony. As the former chief privacy officer at DHS, I know that you oversaw the processes and procedures on how DHS protects privacy when it comes to sharing cyber threat indicators.    Could you walk us through that in a little more detail? The measures that are in place at NCCIC to ensure that personal information is not shared with the Government.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific.    So, from your experience, what is your opinion on whether the privacy community supports the privacy protections that are currently in place at NCCIC?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you.    Mr. Garcia, I think it's pretty well-known out there that the financial services sector has one of the most mature ISACs and is considered by many to be the gold standard for information sharing.    I think that we all need to be cognizant and careful from the committee standpoint not to break something that's currently working well. So with that in mind, a two-part question for you.    How would the President's legislative proposal affect the financial sector's current sharing of cyber threat information? Then, second, what recommendations do you have for other sectors, based on your experience, and what might be learned from the FS-ISAC model?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you, Mr. Garcia.    Mr. Eggers, I want to come back to you for a second. As I mentioned before, I've had listening sessions with different groups and one of the things that we've learned is that, you know, liability protections are clearly going to be necessary to incentivize this information sharing.    Can you explain what types of liability protections are needed and why?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So expounding on that, why is private-to-private sharing so important----    Mr. Ratcliffe . And the liability protections associated with that?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you, Mr. Eggers.    Dr. Libicki, in addition to threat and indicator information sharing, you mentioned two others: The sharing of software vulnerabilities with the software vendor and information sharing to improve cybersecurity practices.    In your opinion, what would you suggest as appropriate legislative actions to address or enable these two areas?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Libicki.    Ms. Callahan, in listening sessions with privacy groups, I've heard that following the Fair Information Practice Principles is a key to protecting Americans' privacies.    In your opinion, what more can NCCIC do to increase transparency and ensure that these principles are followed?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    So do you think that the sharing of cyber threat information should be exempt from FOIA?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Ms. Callahan.    Mr. Eggers, what's your perspective on that question?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you.    Pleased to be joined by the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Clawson. I'd like to yield to him for questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    I agree with the gentleman that weather has definitely affected attendance today. But I know that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle see this as a critically important issue, as evidenced by the fact that a number of them were with me earlier this morning and with the Chairman, touring the     So, with that, I am very grateful to the witnesses for their valuable testimony. I know that it will inform this committee as we move forward.    I thank my colleague for his questions.    The Members of the committee may have some additional questions for witnesses, and we'll ask them to respond to these in writing. Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.