    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    In true fashion, the AGOA Enhancement Act is bipartisan. And I want to think Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and the Africa Subcommittee chair, Chris Smith, for their longstanding and consistent support of AGOA and their foresight regarding the need to ensure that the reauthorized AGOA is implemented in a transparent and effective manner and supported by complementary legislation, such as the AGOA Enhancement Act.    I also want to thank the HFAC committee staffers who worked long and hard and creatively on this bill to ensure its relevancy and complementary support of AGOA.    The AGOA Enhancement Act does exactly what its title suggests, it enhances AGOA by strengthening transparency and commonsense priorities aimed at enabling eligible AGOA countries to utilize AGOA benefits more effectively by obtaining greater access to information about AGOA, developing trade capacity building, and expanding regional economic coordination.    Transparency is addressed by requiring the administration to, for example, create an AGOA Web site for the collection and dissemination of information regarding AGOA. Trade capacity building is addressed by requiring that the administration encourage and facilitate transboundary cooperation among eligible African countries in order to facilitate trade and encourage the provision of technical assistance to eligible African countries.    H.R. 2845 also recognizes the unique role played by the U.S. Millennium Challenge Corporation, or MCC--and I want to take a moment to acknowledge MCC's leadership and their stellar staff--in economic development and its success working with nations to improve economic growth and address regional integration. MCC is enabled to work with partner countries on a regional basis. The MCC requested this authority as a way to better leverage and facilitate economic growth through its investments and supports this provision being included.    Over the next 10 years, Africa will become an even more important part of the world economy with a large youthful population that is increasingly university educated, tech savvy, and entrepreneurial. Without question, it is in the interest of the United States and the countries of Africa, the world's new economic frontier, that we work together toward a stronger and mutually beneficial economic relationship that will stand the test of time.    Thank you, and I yield back my time.