    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This is an issue that is important to both of us, and so I am really glad that you have convened this hearing as part of our continuing oversight of the Federal Government's mental health programs.    This hearing, as the chairman mentioned, follows a report by the GAO released last week, which raises questions about the more than 100 programs that generally support individuals with serious mental illness, and 30 programs that specifically target those individuals.    In particular, the GAO report raises questions about the coordination and evaluation of mental health programs, and offers recommendations to help us improve the mental health system.    I look forward to hearing our witnesses' testimony today because they are very familiar with the report and the issues that it raises, and I know that we will all be able to see further insights and context for our understanding of the Federal role in mental health care.    The report provides us with an importance chance to assess current Federal efforts to address mental health, and to see where there is room for improvement in our system. And I know we can all agree there is ample room for improvement. I want to hear about how we can ensure that Federal programs actually assist people who need them, and I also think we need to talk about how to assess the efficacy and cost of those programs.    While it is important to talk about providing services and support to those with serious mental illnesses, I think we also need to have a broader conversation about mental health in this country. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, we have nearly 44 million individuals, almost 19 percent of all U.S. adults, living with mental illness every year. And, Mr. Chairman, as we have discussed, sometimes if we can help folks in the early stages of mental illness, then that helps us begin to prevent the disintegration into very, very serious mental illness and worse.    So we have spent a lot of time on this subcommittee looking at mental health issues. We have learned about the need to appropriately target mental health funding, and the need to adequately fund mental health research. We have learned about the importance of health insurance that provides coverage for those with mental illnesses. I know, Mr. Chairman, that you want to pass mental health legislation that will make a real difference. I do too. I hope there are ways that we can work through these issues and concerns on a bipartisan basis, with the focus group that we have put together over the last year. I think we should work together to put the lessons learned in these Oversight hearings into practice.    I want to thank all of the witnesses for being here today. It is important to hear from all of you. I know we can agree there is always room for improvement, and we look forward to hearing from you about how we can do that.    With that, I will yield the balance of my time to Representative Kennedy.    Ms. DeGette. Administrator Hyde, I will give you the opportunity to respond to the second question that the chairman asked, if you would like to, very briefly.    Ms. DeGette. And actually, that is a perfect segue, Dr. Kohn, to the question I wanted to ask you, which is, you testified and your report really talked about how agencies had difficulty identifying which programs served the seriously mentally ill. Is that because of definitional problems? In other words, you might have a program that has a lot of mentally ill people it is serving, some of them serious, some of them not, by definition. Is it a definitional issue sometimes?    Ms. DeGette. OK, so it is. Dr. Frank, I want to ask you, throughout all of your agency's programs, is there one clear definition of seriously mentally ill that all of the different programs are broken into?    Ms. DeGette. So your answer is no, it is not specifically polled out?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. But the programs aren't just separated out for that.    Ms. DeGette. Administrator Hyde, is this true in SAMHSA as well?    Ms. DeGette. Do you think in evaluating the programs at your agencies, it would be important to make this distinction or not? Yes or no will work here if you can do that.    Ms. DeGette. And, Dr. Frank?    Ms. DeGette. Yes, the question is do you think it would be important to be able to more clearly identify illnesses--or treatments affecting seriously mentally ill patients, or is that impossible?    Ms. DeGette. What the programs they need, OK.    One of the things Dr. Kohn talked about in her report that really struck me was that a lot of the programs throughout the Federal Government have really not been evaluated for efficacy. And I am wondering, Administrator Hyde, if you can talk about what she says, in particular, about SAMHSA, because I am a very evidence-based person. If you have a program targeted at the mentally ill in general, the seriously mentally ill in particular, one might think that you would want to have evidence that it works.    Ms. DeGette. And so you think that kind of evaluation is important?    Ms. DeGette. And----    Ms. DeGette. And, Dr. Frank, what about through the other agencies?    Ms. DeGette. OK, but a lot of your programs have not been evaluated----    Ms. DeGette . Like that.    Ms. DeGette. But of the ones you looked at----    Ms. DeGette . Some of them were not being evaluated.    Ms. DeGette. Do you intend to evaluate them?    Ms. DeGette. If you could supplement your answers with more specific----    Ms. DeGette . That would be helpful.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman----    Ms. DeGette . We have a standard practice in this committee----    Ms. DeGette . For witnesses to respond to questions.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman----    Ms. DeGette . We have a standard practice, I would ask--I would urge all of the Members----    Ms. DeGette . Of this committee to hold to that standard practice----    Ms. DeGette . And to respect the witnesses.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman, I think this is the best subcommittee in the House. This is the subcommittee where Mr. Dingell made his name, and I like to think of myself as the heir to John Dingell's legacy. And in all his years on this subcommittee, he never took the cheap shot, he never attacked witnesses personally, he never put them into traps, and I was appalled today at the--and you have been with me on this committee for 2 years. You know you have never heard me say something like this. I was appalled at the way two of the new Members of this subcommittee, Mr. Mullin and Mr. Collins, conducted themselves today, because this is a serious and legitimate investigation. This is an investigation about the way our Federal agencies are handling serious mental illness, and to bring them in and to refuse to allow these very serious, high-level government officials to answer questions, to trap them in to a when did you stop beating your wife type of answer, it is disrespectful to the witnesses and it undermines this committee's grand tradition. So I am glad you said something about this, but, however, both of those individuals were gone by the time you did. So I hope you admonish them that is not in the grand tradition of this subcommittee.    Now, having said that, I want to follow up on their questions. The first one I want to follow up on, Administrator Hyde, is the question that Mr. Mullin was asking you about that chart. You were attempting to answer the question and he would not let you do that. So I am going to ask you, I think that Mr. Mullin raises a good point, there are a number of programs including some online things that would seem to many of us to be unrelated to what SAMHSA should be doing on serious mental health issues. You were trying to say, I think, that you were evaluating these. Can you please let us know what you are doing with these online programs, what criteria you are using, what the purpose they have, and when you are going to finish that evaluation?    Ms. DeGette. And what is your time frame for review and completion of that?    Ms. DeGette. So it is going to be soon.    Ms. DeGette. Now, some of these things that this committee has, frankly, been quite critical of that you are reviewing, those have been around for quite some number of years, is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. Well, perhaps----    Ms. DeGette. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. So perhaps when you do finish that evaluation, you will supplement your testimony and let us know if you think that is worthwhile or not.    Ms. DeGette. And the chairman also asked you, and we did ask you in the last hearing about that case where apparently it was a contractor of SAMHSA apparently told the person to stop taking their medication. Can we get the information on that to see if SAMHSA had any awareness of that, and if there are other situations like that, or how you are choosing those contractors? I think that would be helpful to this committee.    Ms. DeGette. And so when do you think----    Ms. DeGette . You might be able to get us that information?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much.    Thank you, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. I am sorry, I have already done my second round.    Ms. DeGette. I need to go, so----    Ms. DeGette . I would suggest----