    Mr. Garamendi. Chairman Rogers, thank you so very, very much.    This is an extraordinarily important policy issue. It is a policy that we will be dealing with, I think, in the next--this year and on into probably the next 5 years. But we will set in place, one way or another, an extraordinarily important process.    We have heard from, what I would call, the advocates of a greater nuclear. I would like to have Dr. Blechman take about 3\1/2\ of my 5 minutes and come back with your arguments as to what you have heard here.    Dr. Blechman.    If you can pull that microphone down in front of you. There you go.    Mr. Garamendi. I thank you for that. I must say this is extraordinarily disturbing to me personally. I don't know if any of us have actually seen a nuclear explosion. I suppose we have seen films of it. It seems to me that if we really want to deter a tactical nuclear option that Russia might deploy we simply say you use it and you are history; you use a nuclear weapon in any form, in any circumstance, and you are history, we could certainly do that. We have plenty of nuclear weapons and delivery systems to accomplish that goal.    So if this is about deterrence, it seems to me a flat-out statement of our policy, use a nuclear weapon in a tactical mode or any other way and you are history, period, that is deterrence. I think that also happens to be the French view of it.    So why do we need to build all these new nuclear weapons? Once you start that process, it seems to me that we head down a road that is not particularly safe in any way, shape, or form.    Dr. Mount, would you like to take my remaining minute and 10 seconds and respond to the arguments on the other side of the table, which would be the right-hand side of the table?    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Chairman, I will take another 30 seconds.    It just seems to me that we really need to have a continuing and a full debate on this issue because we will be making decisions this year and on into the future, in fact we are doing so today with the Long-Range Strike Bomber and the cruise missile that goes presumably with it.    That is all part of this process, and it will lead us down a path that we need to understand what the implications of that path are. And the gentlemen here are certainly important in elucidating that path.    I thank you for the additional 40 seconds.    Mr. Garamendi. Who will give me 15 seconds?    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And once again, thank you for this extraordinarily important discussion and debate which will go on for a long time.    My concern here is that the advocates of advancing our nuclear forces basically put us down a path where we would be developing multiple delivery systems and multiple weapons on those systems, all of which would enable us to engage in a limited nuclear war. And I think that is exactly where this would go, presumably for the purposes of deterrence.    Now, if that is where we want to go to be able to wage a limited nuclear war, then we will make those investments.    On the other hand, if our goal is deterrence, that is to not have anybody use a nuclear weapon, either in a tactical way or in a strategic way, which is a kind of a, in my mind, a foolish dichotomy, but nonetheless if that is our goal, then is there another way of achieving it? And I guess I laid out another way of achieving it. You use a weapon, then you are history. I mean, that is a deterrence.    Are we willing to do it? Which Mr. Colby suggested perhaps we would not be. Well, time will tell. Hopefully, we will not have to pass time to find out if there is going to be a moment of truth.    But it just seems to me extremely dangerous to accept the path that we will create new delivery and new weapons for the purposes of engaging in a limited nuclear war, which I think the three of you are suggesting we should be prepared to do.    On the other hand, there is the--what seems to have almost been forgotten is that we have made extraordinary progress in limiting nuclear weapons. There is no doubt that we have gone from several tens of thousands to significantly less than that, probably less than 10,000.    Yes, Russia does have a lot of tactical nuclear weapons. But is there a possibility that they would use them in Estonia? Now, if NATO decides to invade Russia, that is another matter. Would Russia use it in that case? Well, I am sure they would. But then why are we invading Russia? Well, why is NATO invading Russia? Or maybe it is China and Russia going at this, I don't know.    But it just seems to me that we need to be very, very thoughtful here before we accept the policy that the United States is going to develop a series of tactical nuclear weapons for the purposes of engaging in a limited nuclear war.    All right. Is that really what we want to do? And is there such a thing as a limited nuclear war? I think there isn't.    Now, it may be that the first nuclear war is limited, but the next one and the next one and the next one?    There has been a policy for some years now that nuclear weapons are off the table for war. They are on the table for deterrence for sure. And I think that is good and I think they ought to be there. Now, what does it take for us to maintain a reasonable deterrence?    So I would like to see this in two--I see it in two different ways. One, advocacy for the ability of the United States to create the ability to engage in a limited nuclear war presumably for deterrence of a limited nuclear war. And the other is the traditional deterrence that we have had for more than 50 years.    I am deeply concerned that this nation would lead us and the world down the path that we would develop the capability to engage in a limited nuclear war. I don't want us to go there. I think it is extremely dangerous.    So with that, I yield back and----