    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our esteemed panel for coming before this subcommittee to discuss this important issue of our Nation's debt, which now stands at an outrageous $19 trillion.    For Congress, the debt ceiling should be an important and necessary tool to look back on our spending policies in order to find ways to cut this massive Federal Government. Instead, this Administration has used the debt ceiling as simply a blank check and a political attack vehicle.    The American people are tired of the dysfunction in Washington and tired of their elected officials and leaders failing to get things done, and cutting our out-of-control and irresponsible debt is something the American people want done.    In 2013, when I and a number of my House colleagues had the privilege of going to the White House to negotiate in very good faith with the President on the debt ceiling, he decided to use the opportunity to lecture and pontificate, not negotiate. And I was there.    He used dramatic rhetoric such as not wanting to, ``negotiate with a gun pointed at their heads,'' and used the press then to paint House Republicans as unwilling to talk and address the peoples' concern about our fiscally, as you all have stated, unsustainable and, I think as a mother of three, immoral debt.    Now with these new revelations, and frankly, that is what we are here to discuss, Mr. Chairman, these revelations produced by this committee, it is clear that the Administration manufactured and hyped up the crisis in order to prevent, I think, Republicans and Congress, who are committed to slashing our debt, from enacting smart and responsible fiscal policy.    Knowing now that the Administration was capable of prioritizing debt payments and actually running tabletop exercises after reaching the debt limit, do you find the Administration's statements to the contrary disingenuous, Ms. de Rugy?    Ms. de Rugy. It is politics, so I guess I am not surprised.    Mrs. Wagner. I think it is politics, too. So you do believe that the Administration had political motivations for making these misleading statements?    Ms. de Rugy. I think the document makes it pretty clear. But one other thing that is also important is to actually not lose sight of why we are talking about prioritization, right? Why do you want to prioritize payments? So all of you can actually find a way out of the debt mess, especially the explosion going forward that we are talking about.    So it is not just like not paying some of our obligations just for the sake of not paying some of our obligations. The ideas is a productive process that will lead to fundamental reform, an agreement among you to actually lead to a compromise to finding a way out of, honestly, putting a gigantic burden on our children.    Mrs. Wagner. I agree.    And Ms. Boccia, shouldn't the public and Congress have the right to know that the Administration has made these ``contingency'' plans?    Mrs. Wagner. It is a blank check.    Mrs. Wagner. And it is outrageous and it is immoral as far as I am concerned.    Ms. Boccia, I hope I am pronouncing that correctly, did the Administration's choice to, I believe, play politics by withholding information about the Administration's ability to make payments on the debt create unnecessary uncertainty in the markets?    Mrs. Wagner. And quickly in my time that is left, Dr. Mitchell, oftentimes we see yields on short-term Treasuries spike during these debt ceiling negotiations, which increases the cost of borrowing for the Federal Government. Is it possible that Treasury's decision to withhold information on making debt prioritization payments end up costing the government more money?    Mrs. Wagner. Tens of millions of dollars because this Administration told me, and I was there, this President said he wouldn't negotiate when we had a gun to their heads, and he cost this country and the taxpayers and the people tens of millions of dollars.    I thank you.    I yield back. And I appreciate your indulgence.