    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for joining us today.    Mr. Kuczynski, when I go to the Talk about nuclear waste. And we talk about the almost $20 trillion of Federal debt that we are approaching in this country. And, in 1982 I think, Congress passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. And I think in 1987, Congress identified Yucca Mountain----    Mr. Whitfield. Anyway, so Congress identified Yucca Mountain as the permanent spot. And then we started spending large sums of taxpayer dollars in preparing Yucca Mountain. And I don't know the exact figure, but I understand it was roughly $10 billion or $12 billion in preparation. And then, in 2010, the Obama administration made a decision that they were not going to pursue the licensing process. And then a lawsuit was filed by various groups saying that the NRC and DOE were violating the law. And the petitioners or plaintiffs won that lawsuit. And, at some point in there, the Federal Government could not meet its legal obligation to take possession of this waste and move it to Yucca Mountain or a permanent site. And so another lawsuit was filed on that, and now there are judgments against the Federal Government for that. So, the amount of dollars the taxpayers have been paying out, and we still don't have a permanent site. And now this administration is saying that we need a separate site for military nuclear waste.    And it is so frustrating because Congress made a decision a long time ago under Federal law to do this. And I understand our process of filing lawsuits, and we all have the right to do that. But, I mean, don't you think that taxpayers have a right to just be totally upset about this process and the fact that--I am sure that you would like to see Yucca Mountain open as well. But am I being inaccurate in what I am saying here? I may have a few factual points that are not correct. But, philosophically, the American people are being taken to the cleaners on this. And it is a statement that Congress has clearly said that we want it to be at Yucca Mountain. Am I wrong on this?    Mr. Whitfield. Well, personally, I think it is very frustrating that the Obama administration is doing everything that they can do to create obstacles.    And I would just like to publicly thank the chairman of this subcommittee, John Shimkus, because he has been a real leader in trying to make sure that the intent of Congress is pursued and followed through on this. And so many of us want to help him in any way that we can to complete this project and get it behind us. We have spent enough time and money on this in my humble opinion.    Mr. Whitfield. I yield back.