    Ms. Mrose. Thank you.    Ms. Mrose. Hello.    Ms. Mrose. Thank you.    Ms. Mrose. Yes, that is perfect.    Ms. Mrose. That was perfect.    Ms. Mrose. Thank you for inviting me. As the Chairman already said, my firm, Compass Films of New York, is going--well, you did not say that. But I am the CEO of the Compass Films of New York, and I am making a film about the true causes of the financial crisis, and how the real culprits are doubling down. And in order to do that, I went and interviewed various people. One of them was the former CEO of BB&T, John Allison. And I want to start off by reading you the answer that he gave to me when I asked him the following question.    So my question to John Allison was this: ``Did BB&T make loans it would not have made otherwise in order to keep a good or excellent CRA rating,'' and ``Was BB&T pressured by community activists to make subprime loans or to pledge money for future loans to what they called underserved areas?'' ``Did you have any direct contact with activist groups?'' And his answer was this. ``BB&T did make high risk low income loans to meet CRA requirements, and we were pressured to make subprime loans and pledge money by activist groups. All banks paid bribes to CRA groups. I had direct contact with them.''    I am quoting this because it sheds light on the enormous power and the political influence on a vast left-leaning non-profit network that exists in the United States today. And I do not have much time, but I am going to focus on this left-leaning network in my 3 minutes remaining. You can read the details in my prepared comments.    First of all, I would like to say that in 1960, the government of the United States gave very little money to non-profit organizations. That has changed dramatically. The Urban Institute published in 2013 a national survey of non-profit groups. It is an excellent survey. It contains a lot of information.    In 2012, government in the United States, Federal, State, and local, gave $137 billion to non-profit groups. $81 billion of those $137 billion went to social service non-profit organizations. These are affordable housing groups, legal aid groups, civil rights groups, ethnic groups. There were approximate 200,000 contracts and grants with about 30,000 of these social service non-profits in 2012. On average, six to seven grants and service contracts, non-profit.    Now, I want to focus on particular group that stands to profit from the particular stipulations in the settlement. The name of this group is NeighborWorks Orange County. It is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt non-profit organization based in Orange County, California. And I am focusing on this one because it is one of these various groups that are specified in the settlement, a CDFI HUD-approved housing counseling agency, et cetera.    So NeighborWorks Orange County is a chartered member of NeighborWorks America. It is also an affiliate of the National Council of La Raza and CLR. It is a HUD certified housing counseling agency. HUD has, by the way, 2,400 of these approved housing counseling agencies in the United States with about 8,000 housing counselors.    NeighborWorks Orange County is certified by the U.S. Treasury Department as a community development financial institution, a CDFI. The Treasury Department provides funds to CDFIs through various programs, and it is also a community development corporation, a CDC. All these special organizations are listed in the settlement.    How much money did Orange County receive in 2012? It received $3.8 million from the government, from the Federal, State government. It received more money in the past. In 2010 it got around $8 million, and in 2009 it received around $5 million. Not all of the money that NeighborWorks Orange County received came from government entities. Some of it came from taxpayers. And if you look at who gives money to this non-profit, you see that most of these enterprises are banks, so all the big banks. Citibank is there, and Bank of America is there, and Chase, and Wells Fargo, and many other banks, which means that a very small percentage, 3.4 percent, of its money came from private business. 94.6 percent came from taxpayers.    This is quite typical. When you look at such non-profit organizations that many banks contribute to such groups. Why? It is basically protection money. They give to groups that are certified and approved by government agencies. It is an attempt to buy protection against being singled out for punishment by the Department of Justice.    Ms. Mrose. Oh, yes.    Ms. Mrose. Yes, I certainly will. So I wanted to talk about, and I will not have time to do that, but just briefly. NeighborWorks Orange County, what does it really do? It has 26 employees. And what are they doing? Is it useful to the American citizens, the work they are doing? No. They are basically navigating the various Federal and State government programs designed to let people buy a house who cannot really afford to do so.    So there are example programs like ``Making Home Affordable,'' which is an official program of the Department of the Treasury and HUD, or, of course, HARP, or Keep Your Home California, a program of CalHFA Mortgage Assistance Corporation. That is also a non-profit organization that receives Federal funds, et cetera, et cetera.    Now, you might ask yourself is that a good use of taxpayers' money? Does it really make sense for these 26 employees to spend navigating the labyrinth of government, easy credit access programs that are also financed by taxpayers all in order to let buy houses that they cannot afford.    Ms. Mrose. Thank you.    Ms. Mrose. That is correct.    Ms. Mrose. That was a filmed interview that lasted an hour, and he released it for the public because we are going to use excerpts from it in the film.    Ms. Mrose. I have not interviewed other lending institutions. I interviewed Peter Wallison and----    Ms. Mrose. Peter Wallison is at the American Enterprise Institute, and he was one of the commissioners of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission.    Ms. Mrose. We are going to do that, and I am looking forward to that.