    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both for your service. I want to focus in on something that we are involved in at the UARC , The University of Nebraska in conjunction with STRATCOM .    The mission, one of the missions of the UARC there deals with basically supporting our warfighters, finding ways to protect them by developing wearables to detect foreign agents, and so forth and so on.    And today I was talking to them. They talked about a vaccine that they have developed to inoculate SEALs to specific bio threats. So there is this ongoing, I am sure by others other than the UARC in Omaha, but across the country and other places.    How is that going in developing wearables to make our warfighters safer? And where do you see those partnerships going in the future? General or Ms. Whelan.    General Votel. Let me start. Congressman, I will tell you I am not particularly familiar with the program that you are talking about here. But to your point about the things that we are doing to try to protect our operators better.    Within SOCOM we have made a significant investment in this particular area, particularly in some of our technology development areas. We have a program we call TALOS . And what it is designed to do, is it is designed to really help protect our operators at their most vulnerable point.    And that is not just physical protection, but it is also medical protection and it is increased situational awareness, it is increased visibility. So we are very focused on making sure that our people, you know, have the most advantage at the points of which they are most vulnerable.    And I can certainly see a program like you are outlining here as being very helpful. You know, some of the areas in which we do operate are not the most pleasant environments. And so we have to make sure we do everything we can to protect our people. So I look forward to looking at the program that you describe here and how we might combine that with some of our current efforts.    Mr. Ashford. Great. Thank you. Ms. Whelan.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.