    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for holding this oversight hearing of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. And thanks to the witnesses who are here today.    As you stated earlier, the National Flood Insurance Program is critical in many areas. It's pretty simple. It says that, you know, the FEMA should develop minimum flood plain standards, and then it's up to local communities to enact laws that meet or exceed those in order to participate in the National Flood Insurance Program.    Now, in the particular case of Oregon, which, under this, is now being sort of nominated to be the poster child and the template for all the United States of America by certain agencies and groups, we have strict land-use planning. So the question becomes how are you going to overlay these new rules on top of our already strict land-use planning, which is designed to have compact urban growth?    But it also says you have to accommodate future needs. And therefore, you have to have enough buildable property. In all probability, we would have to blow up our law, do away with the idea of compact growth, and say, no, we are going to have sprawling growth like so many other places because the downtown core of many of our cities, which was intended to be redeveloped with higher densities, including the riverfront through Portland, where Oregon Health Sciences is building major new projects. Parts of downtown Eugene, an area called Glenwood between Eugene and Springfield, these areas would be pretty well precluded from redevelopment. Therefore, it appears that we would then begin to model ourselves after the rest of the country.    And somehow this is going to help the endangered species, according to the National Marine Fisheries Service. I give a--you know, we have a map that shows how many communities in Oregon would be affected, which they are going to put up. And you can see it is over 221 communities in Oregon would be affected--232.    It would--in the case of Coos Bay--if I could have the Coos Bay map--Coos Bay is a community, it has been struggling with a depressed economy for many years. There are some glimmers of hope and activity there. But this is what has been designated and which FEMA would restrict or prohibit development or redevelopment in that entire area.    That happens to be all of the downtown core--you can leave it up for a second, whoever took it down--that--that area, it does include the local newspaper building, which is critical salmon habitat. It does include Highway 101, critical salmon habitat. It does include some buildings that are well over 100 years old and need substantial renovation or actually would be replaced. But no, this area would be denied flood insurance unless they dramatically restrict or prohibit any redevelopment in that area, at least in an interim period, while FEMA develops rules to accommodate the so-called RPA.    So, we are going to have a number of witnesses here today to talk about this. You know, when I first came to Congress, there was--one of the early black helicopter conspiracy theories was about the Rockefeller Commission. And I said, ``Well, what is that?''    And they said, ``I have a plan to institute national land use--the Federal Government is going to usurp the police powers of the States under the Constitution, and is going to mandate national land-use planning.'' And I would always tell those people they were nuts. Well, maybe they weren't. That is why we are here today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would point out that, well, first, let me--a couple of questions of FEMA, and then I will point something out.    Mr. Grimm, does FEMA have the authority to regulate privately funded development on private lands under the NFIP?    Mr. DeFazio. A simple yes or no would do.    Mr. DeFazio. OK, good, thank you.    Mr. DeFazio. Now, you are going to be required, because of the RPA in Oregon, to amend your regulations to include an ESA standard. Will that change apply only to the State of Oregon, or will it apply to all of the States of America?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, all 22,000 communities, which I assume are scattered among the 50 States.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. And then, you know, that--have you consulted with--I assume you have in-house counsel, or do you use the Justice Department for legal consultations on your authority?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. And what does in-house counsel say about you asserting regulatory authority that wasn't extended to you by the United States Congress?    Mr. DeFazio. So then, arguably, perhaps your agency, in exceeding its authority to follow the directives of National Marine Fisheries and agreeing to adopt this RPA, is vulnerable to being sued.    Mr. DeFazio. Now, the authority granted to you by Congress is you get communities who wish to participate in the program to adopt minimum standards, yes?    Mr. DeFazio. So in this case we--you are far exceeding the minimum standard approach.    Mr. DeFazio. How can that be? Never mind, that is speculative.    But the point is, I--you know, I am having trouble tracking this whole thing. I put up a map earlier showing downtown Coos Bay, Oregon. And under what you are being forced to adopt by NMFS in declaring, you know, this area will be within the enhanced 100-year flood plain, well, we don't know what the enhanced 100-year flood plain is yet, do we?    Mr. DeFazio. We don't. So this is actually just using the existing 100-year flood plain. One would assume that when you include climate change, that these flood plains are probably going to, especially in coastal areas, become much larger.    Mr. DeFazio. So many properties now that aren't required to have Federal flood insurance in order to obtain bank financing will be required to in the future.    Mr. DeFazio. Now, don't you--didn't Biggert-Waters require an advisory committee for mapping? Because mapping has been controversial and, in part, led to the adoption of Biggert-Waters. Is that correct?    Mr. DeFazio. Right. Doesn't the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, of which NMFS is a subsidiary, so to speak, don't they have a seat on that advisory committee?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, and has the advisory committee proposed this dramatic change to the rules?    Mr. DeFazio. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. But in this case, what is being recommended for Oregon, which is going to require a regulatory change which will apply nationwide, is not following the advice of that committee.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, there are. So one subagency of an agency that is represented on the advisory committee established by Congress is forcing you to exceed your legal authority, to impose more than minimum standards, and to link, you know, the Endangered Species Act to the NFIP eligibility requirements.    Now, what kind of a change is that going to be? Some say, ``Oh, it is just really simple, you just reference it.'' Do you think that can be done in one sentence? I have never seen an administrative regulation that is one sentence long.    Mr. DeFazio. I mean, usually we write 1 sentence, and you write 100 pages. So how is that going to work?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. So to Ms. Shirley, now, you referenced the potential conflict. I mean since--it is kind of odd. Washington State, where our regional office of NMFS is based, was allowed to go with performance standards, but it is a State that does not have comprehensive, statewide land-use planning. Oregon, a State that has comprehensive, statewide land-use planning, is being told, no, you must go with a prescriptive, one-size-fits-all solution being dictated by a Federal agency to another Federal agency that will be imposed on the State.    You already talked about the logistical problems of having 232 communities change their local plans. Having been a county commissioner, I am quite familiar with the process, and you are right, it can be done in the timeframe we are talking about.    But one of the key things in our land-use law is compact growth, sometimes controversial--recently in the city of Eugene, which I represent--because even though it is sort of optimal for planners to densify, sometimes the people who live there don't like it. But the point is, that is probably the major goal, in addition to resource conservation, as to avoid the sprawl that many other States have seen.    But there is also another thing where communities are supposed to have a stock of buildable land, or developable land, both for commercial, industrial, and/or residential purposes. So if our core areas, particularly, you know, downtown Coos Bay, which cries out for a lot of renovation and redevelopment, is off limits, and the city wishes or has to accommodate growth, then they are going to have a very arguable case to greatly expand their urban growth boundary. Isn't that correct? I mean it seems to me the only option.    Mr. DeFazio. But it is not--I mean it is not explicit in the RPA that those sorts of--I mean since they moved us to a dictated approach versus a performance-based approach, it is not clear we will be able to do that.    Mr. DeFazio. I just--you know, as a--you know, I don't even--there is no one here I guess who can really ask the question. I mean how does Highway 101 become critical salmon habitat?    Mr. Chandler, can you help me with that one? Do you have any thoughts? I mean it is a highway, you know, and it is between the harbor and downtown. And then you have downtown, where the local newspaper--hopefully they have a reporter listening, because they are critical salmon--they should just look around the office and be really careful, because they might step on a salmon.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. I thank my friend. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Grimm, what exact climate change model are you going to use?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, I could point you to Oregon State University, where we have a couple of world-renowned climate change scientists, who say that, actually, there are incredibly contradictory models, which are both scientifically credible, for Oregon, where we may have more or less flooding. We may have way less rain and precipitation--i.e., you know, we may actually maybe have a smaller 100-year flood--that is one model. The other model is, oh, no, it is going to be a huge expansion. So, how the heck are you going to figure that out?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes. OK. Yes, that is going to take some interesting work.    So does that have anything to do with--you sent a letter which caused a tremendous amount of concern that they--you know, on June 13th, that communities could either voluntarily impose a temporary moratorium on all flood plain development that adversely impacts ESA-listed species--that would be like repaving Highway 101, for instance--or voluntarily implement interim measures found in the RPA until all permanent RPA elements are in place.    Now, I understand that this was supposed to kick in on the 13th of September, or--and it hasn't. What is the delay? How long are you going to delay imposing this new restriction?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, what is the new deadline? I mean you had a deadline before. Is there a new deadline? Have you set it?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. And when do we anticipate we might know what the new deadline is?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, all right. And then, there is, of course, an exception. ``Where implementation of the mitigation standards set forth above is impracticable, a community may propose alternative mitigation standards''--sounds good--``which will be acceptable if both FEMA and National Marine Fisheries Service agree the alternative standards provide the resource protection equivalent to that provided by the measures above.''    You have experts in your agency that can make these sorts of determinations on that?    Mr. DeFazio. It is not much flexibility if you include     Mr. DeFazio . Giving them veto power.    Mr. DeFazio. You know, I find this all very extraordinary. We have two Federal agencies that consult with one another. It seems like one that can bully or overrule you and require you to do things that are beyond your legal authority, or at least propose them, and no public involvement.    I mean I am really familiar with the National Environmental Policy Act. I mean why--you know, this is--it seems to me it is, like, way outside of what NEPA usually requires by Federal actions. This is a Federal action. Why doesn't NEPA apply, which requires a public process, before you propose something? Why doesn't that apply in this case?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. I--no, I was involved with that, and a county commissioner----    Mr. DeFazio. Just one more quick point, Mr. Chairman.    So now that NMFS--and my understanding is they say, well, we don't like what we did in Washington State, because, A, they don't have comprehensive land-use planning, unlike Oregon, so they have much more sprawl and that, but we gave them flexibility, but it is not working sufficiently, but now we are going to have a new prescriptive approach in Oregon, which we hope to apply nationwide to every State in the Union, no matter how different or diverse they are, or what species.    How do we get Washington State to move--you know, I mean, what are our options up there? If what they are doing is insufficient, is their RPA, you know, permanent, with all this flexibility? Or is there a way to challenge that and say, gee, I think now Washington State needs to fall under the new prescriptions in Oregon?    Mr. DeFazio. So existing RPAs could be impacted because of the regulatory changes that are going to be necessary to implement the dictates of NMFS for Oregon?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, I hope my colleagues from the other 49 United States are listening.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, first I would like to ask unanimous consent to put three letters in the record. One is from the Governor of the State of Oregon, expressing concerns about the potential implementation and concerns with the RPA. One is from myself, listing many concerns about this. And the third is from the Oregon delegation, or from six Members of the Oregon delegation, also expressing concern.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So, Ms. Shirley, under Oregon law, measure 49 requires local communities to compensate property owners for any portion of land taken. What is going to happen with that under this proposal, this proposed RPA?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, but the whole intent of this RPA is not hazards. That is the problem----    Mr. DeFazio. So, large areas, as the mayor of Beaverton mentioned--I was just looking at more maps in Coos Bay, where there has been State and local investment for hopeful massive redevelopment--and those areas become unbuildable, then the State is potentially on the hook for those costs.    Mr. DeFazio. Right, but FEMA is being forced to do this by NMFS, and----    Mr. DeFazio. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. But without flexibility, as we have heard many times from the Administrator, that is going to be very hard to do.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes. Mr. Chandler, you also mentioned the takings issue. Do you want to----    Mr. DeFazio. Right. I just want to go back to that again, Mayor. I mean you went through a process that went on for how long?    Mr. DeFazio. And I assume there was some cost associated with this.    Mr. DeFazio. And no net gain or----    Mr. DeFazio . Substantial change. That is just extraordinary.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.