    Mr. McKinley. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Neumann, if I could spend a little time on your report. You've got a chart on Page 5 of the six elements that you were referring to in compliance.    I know that they're not all the same in weight. So I don't know which ones are more important than others in compliance. Would you suggest to us which are the ones that we should be spending more attention to of those six elements?    Unless you're going to tell me they're all equal, which I doubt.    Mr. McKinley. OK. If that's number one, what would number two be?    Mr. McKinley. I understand.    Mr. McKinley. Inventory control might be number two?    Mr. McKinley. Inventory control might be number two?    Mr. McKinley. I'm just trying to understand not everything is going to be equal. So I'm trying to--for example, in your report you say that two of the agencies wouldn't cooperate or said they didn't think anything more was necessary--Department of Energy and the EPA. And I looked at your chart and I see the EPA under their pesticide program those are the two--number one and number two--in your mind that they're not complying with and yet they think everything is copasetic.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you.    Do you disagree then with DoE as well? Because Doe also has numbers of violations as well in that. The others seem to think that they're in compliance.    Mr. McKinley. Well, I think that if--what I've heard here a little bit is it sounds like everyone at the panel all thinks they're in compliance, that everything is just fine.    But I know in 2009 your department put together a report that said that there needs to be an oversight, someone to look over all the agencies.    But that was rejected as being cumbersome and overly broad. Do you still think it's cumbersome, overly broad? Or is it something that's necessary, because you just heard the testimony. Everyone thinks they're in control. But there's a real question in America whether they are. So what do you think?    Mr. McKinley. One of them that might help but I'm afraid of a software type thing is IV&V. Do you see how IV&V might have an impact here whereas the IV&V--I don't want to suggest what I--you're familiar with IV&V?    Mr. McKinley. Independent verification and validation?    Mr. McKinley. OK. NASA has been using it successfully ever since the rocket explosion. Others have used it. Unfortunately, the Obama administration chose not to use IV&V when they put out the registration and, you know, the computer system all collapsed under the registration.    I don't know whether that would help out. Would IV&V be of any help to these or is that just going to be checking the box?    Mr. McKinley. But would they just check the box, or if there's no one overlooking their shoulder, who's going to know that they've actually done something as a result of checking the box?    Mr. McKinley. So in the time, is that something that perhaps you would--the GAO would look at as a recommendation that maybe IV&V should be implemented under each of these labs?    Mr. McKinley. My question is would you consider that in the future in looking at that to see whether or not there might--other agencies have found it to be very useful and I'm just wondering whether or not you see it from your perspective with the lab will they simply just use it to check the box and not do anything about it?    Mr. McKinley. If you would, please. And my time has expired so I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.