    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, ranking member, and members of the subcommittee, talofa. My home district of American Samoa is an isolated group of islands about five and a half hours by plane south of Hawaii. It's the only U.S. soil that's south of the equator. And for a small group of islands we have a tremendous number of our sons and daughters serving and that have served in the armed forces. In fact, ten percent of our entire population is made up of military veterans. I want to make sure we cover as much as possible for our veterans. Too often in the past, not just in this committee but throughout the House, legislation has passed Congress that has forgotten American Samoa and the territories and I am pleased to see that in this bill our veterans are eligible for this assistance just as those in the States are.    I have a question for Mr. Gallucci. I appreciate your suggestion in your written testimony that you believe a disabled veterans outreach program and the local veterans employment representatives should be more involved in TAP. Short of repealing the law mandating that contractors teach TAP, how would you envision DVOPs and LVERs being more involved?    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I'd like to express my proceedings to the entire panel.    Colonel Sutherland, Dixon Center, I would like to thank you for sharing in your written statement the heartwarming story of the U.S. Marine Corps veteran named Gary which illustrates the efforts and positive effects that local nonprofits can provide to servicemembers. How can Congress and the Administration better assist nonprofits connect to servicemembers in need?    Colonel Sutherland. Yes, ma'am.    It is a great question; I appreciate you asking. And I am happy to give you a more detailed answer, as well. What has taken place recently with the change in instructions from Secretary Hagel for access for VSOs needs to go further. It needs to broaden the definition of those that can have access.    With the number of nonprofits that exist, every single one of them does a good job, but making sure that locally--I fought for my family, my neighbor and my community, and I come home to my family, my neighbor and my community, and so encouraging their participation through--and through expanding the efforts of SSVF, expanding the efforts of the Supportive Services for Veteran Families, as well as HVRP, and other efforts to locally connect those services and expanding the definition of in your community of asking other nonprofits just be inclusive.    Easter Seals is an organization that has been inclusive of veterans since World War II and provides direct services to 165,000. We don't market. We don't spend a lot of money marketing. So it is build public awareness, encourage community involvement and promote community-based services, and I am happy to give you a much more expansive answer, as well.    And we appreciate our American Samoans that have fought with us, as well. I had a large number in my brigade combat team.    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Radewagen. My pleasure.    As part of the Capstone event, the TAP MOU requires that a commander sign off if the servicemember meets the career-readiness standards. What type of training are commanders, or really their designees, being given to ensure that they are qualified to make such a distinction, and what happens if the commander does not sign his paperwork?    Ms. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.