    Chief Kerr. Thank you.    Chief Kerr. Good morning, Chairman Donovan, Ranking Member Payne, and Members of the subcommittee. I am Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr of the Austin Fire Department. I also am president and chair of the board of the International Association of Fire Chiefs. I thank you for the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the fire and emergency services.    The IAFC is greatly concerned by the Draconian cuts to FEMA's grant programs in the fiscal year 2017 budget proposal. We also oppose attempts to convert the AFG and SAFER grant programs into terrorism preparedness programs. In the wake of an evolving terrorist threat, now is not the time to break a system that works.    The American taxpayers have spent more than $40 billion since 9/11 on grant programs to improve the Nation's preparedness and response system. Overall, this funding has been spent wisely to make the Nation safer. By using the State Homeland Security Grant and the UASI programs, State and local governments have been able to develop terrorism preparedness capabilities that did not exist before 9/11. Local jurisdictions have used these grant funds to build and staff intelligence fusion centers, develop mass casualty response units, and construct regional interoperable communication networks. We would not have had the funding for these projects without Federal assistance.    In Austin, we were able to use FEMA-preparedness grants to fund annual CBRNE exercises. These exercises brought together all stakeholders: Fire, EMS, law enforcement, public health, city management, private sector, Federal and State partners, surrounding jurisdictions, et cetera. We were able to learn together how to respond to a potentially catastrophic threat. Also, we were able to make the necessary changes to improve our planning and operations for the future.    Federal funding is important. As Austin demonstrated, Federal grants incentivize regional cooperation and coordination among all the Federal, State, local, and private-sector stakeholders. These grants also support the implementation of NIMS, which allows multiple agencies to communicate and function effectively. The incident scene should not be the first time for everyone to meet. We are better prepared for responding to a future terroristic attack due to the planning and training supported by the State Homeland Security Grant Program and UASI.    The AFG and SAFER grant programs helped localities prepare for all hazards. The AFG grant program provides matching grants for equipment and training. The SAFER grant program provides support for firefighter staffing. Both of these programs have improved the operational capabilities of fire departments across the Nation. When a major disaster or catastrophe occurs, the Nation relies upon neighboring local fire departments to provide critical mutual aid.    As Federal funding for FEMA's grant program has declined over the years, our main focus has been on sustaining the National preparedness and response system. That is why the IFC members are concerned by the proposed cuts in the President's fiscal year 2017 budget. The budget proposal would cut the State Homeland Security Grant Program by more than half, the UASI program would receive a 45 percent cut. Even the AFG and SAFER programs each would be cut by $10 million from last year's appropriation. These grant programs are achieving their goals, and it is unwise to cut them. We must realize that the proposed cuts would occur in a dangerous and evolving threat environment.    Last year, the Nation witnessed terrorist incidents in Garland, Texas; Chattanooga, Tennessee; and San Bernardino, California. Each of these attacks involved different tactics and techniques. FEMA preparedness grants help us to analyze threat information at the State and local level and develop capabilities for these new threats. We are also concerned by the budget proposal's effort to convert the AFG and SAFER grant programs into terrorism response programs.    These programs are aimed at helping fire and EMS departments prepare for incidents as diverse as structural fires, HAZMAT incidents, wild land fires, and even acts of terrorism. We ask that Congress protect the funding for the State Homeland Security Grant Program and UASI program by at least maintaining the fiscal year 2016 appropriations level of $467 million and $600 million, respectively. For the AFG and SAFER grant programs, we ask that you fund each program at $405 million, the fiscal year 2011 level. We also ask that Congress reauthorizes the AFG and SAFER grant programs before they expire in 2018.    Overall, the IAFC can attest to the fact that FEMA's grant programs play an important role in developing and sustaining the Nation's preparedness system. We ask that Congress maintain its support for these programs.    Thank you again for the opportunity to explain the importance of these programs to America's fire and emergency service, and I look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Thank you.    Chief Kerr. Thank you. I really would like to echo what Mr. Butterworth said, that the threat is still changing, the threat is still increasing, and yet we are going to cut back the funding that allows us to prepare and respond to those events. I have just a couple of numbers here that I wanted to repeat.    Fifty-one percent of all fire departments that answered a survey conducted by NFPA do not have enough portable radios to equip all emergency responders on a shift. This percentage is down from 77 percent in 2001. Fifty-one percent is still way too high.    So it just proves that the grants are working, but we have to continue to be aggressive and assertive at making sure that things like that are not happening across the country.    Chief Kerr. I will just say that is absolutely accurate. I totally endorse Administrator Fugate's remarks about losing that capability and the capacity. It is really important that we maintain that and even build upon that.    Chief Kerr. I would echo the fact that there have not been any conversations and we have not been consulted or asked what we think about that or how it could be more effective. I would just say that, you know, at this time, it is so important that we are involved in our destiny and involved in how we can best prepare our responders, who then in turn can best protect the community. We can't do that if we don't know what is happening and we don't know where the funding is going to come from.    Chief Kerr. Thank you. I just wanted to add that, besides all of your law enforcement personnel that are trained on suspicious activity reporting and all those things, in Austin, Texas, we are also a part of our fusion center, and we have a member that sits on the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force, and that there are many more eyes out there that can be part of like a threat liaison officer program. We wouldn't have those things if we didn't have the funding and the support of the Austin Regional Intelligence Center. I just wanted to add that it is more than just our law enforcement people that are helping, but there is firefighters out there that are your eyes on the ground.    Chief Kerr. I would echo my former colleagues here, their comments, but then add the University of Texas into that, and make sure that we include the capital and all the different police agencies that do not have interoperable communications in the Austin-Travis County area. We are fortunate in regard to the fire service in that we dispatch for all 15 fire departments that are part of Travis County. So we do have that interoperable communication and we are able to make that work. It is a huge difference when you have that. But when funding starts getting cut and you are not able to enhance that interoperable communications, things are going to happen, and we are not going to be able to address them as we should.