    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We have a lot of bills under discussion today, and most of them are pretty good. The first is the Community Bank Capital Clarification Act, and I think that the importance of this bill, its fairness, could be illustrated by the fact that if you had two $14 billion institutions even 10, 20 years from now, they just happened to be at $14 billion apiece, and one of them would have one rule, but the other would have a different rule because back in 2009 it was $16 billion.    Obviously, we ought to treat identical banks identically, and if the bank is below the threshold it ought to be below the threshold. The idea that you would have a mark--I don't know what the mark would be on the forehead of the bank--because it was over the threshold decades ago would treat identical institutions in a nonidentical manner.    I have cosponsored the National Credit Union Administration Budget Transparency Act because I think it does make sense for an organization to publish its budget and to hear from folks who comment on it. There is some concern that all of the comments will be to tell the NCUA to do less regulation. People who raise that fear have never met anyone from the ICBA, but I am confident that the ICBA will have comments about the Credit Union Administration's budget.    I think the witnesses have already talked about the importance of allowing mortgage professionals to move from one job to another and to bring their skills. It is the unskilled mortgage professionals that can get us into trouble, and that is why I think Mr. Stivers has a good bill, the Safe Transitional Licensing Act of 2015.    Let's see, a fourth bill is Preserving Capital Access and Mortgage Liquidity. The FHFA says we need to fix this problem, we need to extend parity for credit unions under a billion dollars in assets, and I look forward to cosponsoring that bill.    And I would go on at length about H.R. 2209, Mr. Messer's bill to require the Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as Level 2A liquid assets, but the gentlelady from New York did such an excellent job of explaining the importance of that bill that I don't have to.    I will ask the witnesses whether they have any comments on those four bills, and if not, I may shock my colleagues and yield back my time before I have gone over time.    Mr. Sherman. Maybe that is something we will do in this bill. Maybe it is something we will do later. I look forward to working with the author on that and deciding whether we try to get it all done in one bill or not.    And seeing no further comments from our distinguished witnesses, I yield back with over a minute left.