    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, members of the panel, in preparation for this hearing I actually used my search engine on my computer to look up FOIA requests, and I was quite surprised and somewhat disappointed, I have to be honest with you, that one of the results is what I hold in my hand. And this is a handout from the Web site of the minority leader, the minority party leader in the Senate, Senator Harry Reid. It is a document that encourages deferred action applicants to file FOIA requests, to file FOIA requests for criminal records and immigration files so that the lawful permanent residents who are here now can actually find out and be prepared when their parents or their children file for deferred status.    I was really shocked. It is quite impressive. It offers tips as to what they should do to file the FOIA request, but it clearly states in this handout, it clearly states that ICE, that the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services is not currently accepting any applications because of the court order that we are all familiar with. Yet it still encourages them in this document to go ahead and file. It still encourages them to do that.    Ms. Neuman, I want to ask you, in the last fiscal year the FOIA backlog at DHS has more than doubled. Why is this? Do you know why it's more than doubled?    Mr. Carter. So you do think that it's a result of people encouraging these applicants to file FOIA requests.    Mr. Carter. But you do admit that those requests have been related to immigration requests.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Fair enough. Okay.    In your opening statement you said that the number of requests through DHS has increased over 182 percent since----    Mr. Carter.  Since President Obama took office, that's correct. Is that correct?    Mr. Carter. Since he issued his open government directive.    Mr. Carter. So you think it is a result of the deferred action program.    Mr. Carter. Ms. Neuman, are you familiar with the G-639 form?    Mr. Carter. Okay. When did you take over in this department?    Mr. Carter. Okay. The G-639 form I believe was just introduced in your Department this year, so I would think that you would be familiar with it.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, it has to do with the applicants that--it was created for the FOIA requests from those who were seeking information on DACA and DAPA to help expedite that. Do you know whether that form has been used, the increase in the usage of that form?    Mr. Carter. Well, I hope you will. I would think that you would have complete awareness of that, being the director, if there was a new form implemented in order to expedite some of the FOIA requests that are coming through.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, can you get back with us on that----    Mr. Carter. --and please provide for this, not only that, but what it's used for specifically?    Mr. Carter. Because that's what I understand it's used for. And if that form has been used and how much it's increased.    Mr. Carter. Thank you. I appreciate that.    I want to mention to you as well, Ms. Neuman. I have a bill, H.R. 1615, that I am introducing to address the backlog of FOIA requests at DHS. As you know, the majority of FOIA request backlogs exist at DHS, majority throughout the government, so this is something. I hope that you will look at it. I hope it will be something that can assist you and help you and help us to eliminate this backlog as best we can.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I'll yield back.