    Ms. Matz. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the Financial Stability Oversight Council.    Congress established the Council in response to the 2008-2009 financial crisis. The crisis made clear that financial markets cannot quickly absorb the collapse of very large, interconnected companies.    FSOC's primary goal is to prevent system-wide financial crises. The Council's multi-agency structure also ensures that a diverse array of views on emerging risks in each financial sector is considered when making decisions.    From the beginning, the Council has recognized the importance of transparency and public participation. The Council committed to publicly disseminating timely information about decisions, while balancing the need to protect proprietary information and avoid unduly moving markets. Public feedback has also helped FSOC clarify procedures, enhance analysis, and improve decision-making. As an FSOC principal, I am committed to continuing such improvements.    Each Council member brings to the table a unique perspective informed by our areas of expertise and experiences. As a Federal financial regulator for almost 10 years, I lead an agency that now supervises and insures more than 6,000 institutions with assets exceeding $1.1 trillion.    Financial institutions of every size must carefully manage assets and liabilities. In fact, major elements of FSOC's designation of a systemically important institution include the composition of the balance sheet, off balance sheet exposure, and interconnectedness with the entire financial services sector.    FSOC has moved deliberately in creating its process for identifying non-bank financial companies. In response to public comments and congressional feedback, the Council has also invited company participation earlier in the process.    Another important aspect of FSOC's work is its annual report. The 2015 report called for heightened risk management and supervisory attention in areas such as cybersecurity and reaching for yield.    In conclusion, FSOC has promoted collaboration across financial regulators, established rules and procedures which reflect public input, identified systemically important institutions, and furthered public awareness of threats to our financial system.    Going forward, the Council must continue to evolve, provide transparency, and remain flexible when considering new issues.    I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Matz. No, it was not.    Ms. Matz. That was not the mandate that we had. The mandate is to determine if material distress at a non-financial institution could pose a threat to the stability of the United States.    Ms. Matz. It was the combination. We were briefed extensively on the financial--    Ms. Matz. Briefed by the FSOC staff and the NCUA staff that works with them, that participates with them--    Ms. Matz. No. The determination wasn't based on the insurance activities. It was based on the financial activities of the company and how they are interwoven with other--    Ms. Matz. It was their derivatives position, the extent of their leverage. Their--    Ms. Matz. The securities lending. Their debt position. The extent of the difficulty to resolve them if there was financial distress. So, it was not one factor.    Ms. Matz. I'm sorry. I have not seen that report.    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. We have stayed away from creating bright lines and instead look at whether material distress at a company could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. And since each company has different business plans, different business models, we have not drawn a bright line or been very rigid about what the standard is. It is looking at the entire company and then making a determination after very deliberate consideration.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. I don't think that is correct, though.    Ms. Matz. That is not correct.    Ms. Matz. It has been stated. I don't know where they got that information from, but it--    Ms. Matz. It is not from me personally. It is not--    Ms. Matz. It is not correct. We still have--    Ms. Matz. We have two people.    Ms. Matz. They are not experts in insurance.    Ms. Matz. It is not the insurance part of the business that results in a designation. It is in the financial services part of the business, and how intertwined it is.    Ms. Matz. No. It is not. It is the financial services part of the business--    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. I think that is correct. And, it should be noted that the head of the Federal Insurance Office did support the designation and also has considerable experience in the insurance industry.    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. That is correct.    Ms. Matz. Thank you. More specifically, as the designation is being considered, the company has an opportunity to present any evidence to the staff, whether in person or in writing, and so if they think that there might be information that would be helpful in determining whether to designate, they have every opportunity to make that information available to us.    Ms. Matz. I would agree that--    Ms. Matz. No--but I think it has happened but--    Ms. Matz. I do want to say that we cannot comment on MetLife, but in terms of our designation of other insurance companies, we do look at how their balance sheet and off balance sheet activities are interconnected with other systemically important institutions.    Ms. Matz. Thank you for asking that. I don't think any of us--and I can't speak for anyone else, but on this, I would say that I don't think any of us think that the State insurers are ineffective.    But our mandate is to look at how the activities of the insurance companies affect the financial stability of the United States. They are really looking at the effect on policyholders. It is a very different direction that they are taking.    Ms. Matz. As I said, they have a different mandate than we do. They are looking at the institution and the solvency vis-a-vis the policyholders. We are looking at the institution and its interconnectedness with other institutions and its ability to threaten the financial stability of the United States.    It is a different mandate. It doesn't mean that they are doing their job any better or worse than we are or vice-versa. It is just a different tack that they are taking.    Ms. Matz. An independent analysis of?    Ms. Matz. We rely on the FSOC staff. We did not do an independent evaluation, no.    Ms. Matz. No.    Ms. Matz. We look at the overall composition of the company's assets and liabilities, their balance sheet and off balance sheet activity. And in their case we looked at, and we were concerned about, their derivatives position.    Ms. Matz. They had such a large exposure that the failure of that institution or financial--    Ms. Matz. Of Prudential.    Ms. Matz. First of all, the derivatives position is just one position. But if they are so interwoven or so interconnected with other financial institutions that if they failed--    Ms. Matz. It is all exposure. What is the assumption that--    Ms. Matz. The assumption that is made in making our determination is that there is material distress at the designated institution. So we are starting from the assumption--    Ms. Matz. But we are operating from the assumption that there is material distress at that institution. So, if there is material distress, that they can cover the outstanding debt that they have or the loans that they have.    Ms. Matz. Unless they are in material distress.    Ms. Matz. Interconnectedness. It is their interconnectedness with the other institutions. And the assumption that a financial institution is suffering material distress, I think is--    Ms. Matz. I have read about it, but I am not--    Ms. Matz. Pardon me?    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. As I said, I haven't reviewed it. I am not intimately familiar with it, but I have great confidence in Chair White.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. We didn't vote to consider--    Ms. Matz. We didn't vote to consider asset managers as SIFIs. We voted to consider to have the staff look at the activities of the asset managers, to determine whether--    Ms. Matz. We have not made any determination.    Ms. Matz. Because our mandate is to look at those institutions that could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States.    Ms. Matz. Well, two things. One is that we have not made that determination yet, and also that the SEC is not looking at the threat to the financial stability of the United States. They are looking at the narrow securities market.    Ms. Matz. Their mandate isn't to look at the financial stability of the--    Ms. Matz. We--    Ms. Matz. We did not come to that conclusion, that the SEC is not fulfilling its job.    Ms. Matz. Based on our mandate.    Ms. Matz. The study on?    Ms. Matz. We have not made any--even been given any potential recommendations. So we have not considered any aspect of--    Ms. Matz. We are not even at that point of making that determination.    Ms. Matz. Nor do I.    Ms. Matz. I was briefed by my staff, who participate actively with the FSOC staff, and the FSOC Deputies Council. Then we were briefed extensively as a Council, and we also received a great deal of briefing material.    Ms. Matz. I don't.    Ms. Matz. Oh, no. It was longer. It had been in the works for probably a year or more, more than a year. So no, we were briefed on progress being made so I couldn't tell you when it was. But the staff worked on that designation for quite a long time.    Ms. Matz. I spent a long time because of the tremendous amount of information both to get in briefings and reading material. The basis was I believe 300 or some-odd pages.    Ms. Matz. I brought them home. I read them at night and on weekends.    Ms. Matz. We just can't discuss that right now, because it is in litigation. We have public information on the FSOC website, but we are not at liberty to discuss the details of the deliberation.    Ms. Matz. Yes.    Ms. Matz. Correct.    Ms. Matz. Well, it wasn't just one item. It was the totality of--    Ms. Matz. The size of it. I can't remember off the top of my head. It was a huge amount of derivatives and exposures--    Ms. Matz. In relation to other institutions, how they were exposed to other institutions, and exposed other institutions--    Ms. Matz. No, their exposure. It wasn't in relation to the size of their assets. We view it in relation to their exposure to the financial system of the United States.    Ms. Matz. I don't recall.