    Mr. Cuellar. Mr. Chairman, thank you again for allowing me to be back in my former committee. Thank you and thank the ranking member also.    I want to thank the witnesses from the State Department. Thank you for the good job that you do. I know it's a difficult job, but we appreciate it.    My good friend Robert Harris, who used to live in Laredo, moved to the northern part of my district of San Antonio. It's always a good pleasure to see you and all the good work you did down there.    Mr. Judd, all your men and women that work for Border Patrol--I mean that work along with you and with Robert and all that, they do a good job. You know, I think anybody on the border--as you know, my brother is Border Patrol--I mean, well, border sheriff should I say down there in the border. So he and I, you know, we've lived there all my life. Like I said, I drink the water. I breathe the air down there. My family lives there. I go back every weekend back to the border. So I do want to say thank you for all the work that you all do.    Again, Mr. Chairman, I do know there's a couple issues, and I think there's some things that I would like to work with you, as we talked a while ago. I want to talk about danger pay. I think on danger pay, for the folks at the State Department, I think we need to talk about it. I think that's something that I think Congress will probably be involved in this issue.    My understanding is you already let some of your employees know--you haven't let us know, but I can tell you that Congress will probably have a say so on this. Not that we want to micromanage, but I think it's part of--at least the appropriations process will be involved.    The issue of cost of construction--and I understand--I've been to the one in Mexico. I understand what they're doing over in Laredo and other parts of the world. I think the cost of construction is extremely high. Sometimes people, I think, they charge us just because we're the Federal Government, they charge us more. I understand all the arguments about security and you've got to do this. I understand all that, but I still think they're a little high.    On the issues of closing the consulate, Mr. Chairman, I think we definitely disagree on that. I don't think we ought to close the consulates. Let me just try to address, Mr. Chairman, if you allow me just a few minutes beyond my 5 minutes, since I think everybody's gone now except you and I. Let me talk about the border. I want to go from the border and then go into Mexico.    If you look at the FBI statistics, the border crime rate or the national crime rate is about 4.5 murders per 100,000. Laredo, my hometown, is about 1.5 murders per 100,000. You take the border crime rate, it's lower than the national crime rate using FBI stats, murder, assaults, rapes, you know, name them.    If you look at the top ten cities with the highest murder rates in the U.S. for 100,000 population, none of them are on the border. None of them are on the border. If you look at one of the NGOs that looked at the top 50 cities with the highest homicides per 100,000, and if you look at it, you know, you have San Pedro Sula--this is from the year 2011 to 2014--number one is in Honduras, San Pedro Sula, Honduras. You had Acapulco, number three, 104 murders for 100,000. The number one was about 171 murders per 100,000.    Then you go on--sorry if there's anybody--any of my colleagues--San Luis was number 19. And then you had Detroit, number 22. Then you had Juarez, who the numbers I've gone down was number 27. Then you had the Nuevo Laredo, number 34. Then you had Baltimore number 40, and then go all the way down to Cuernavaca in Mexico on that.    So, again, I would ask you to look at some of these numbers because there's always the reality and the perception. And being on the border, I'll be the first one to say, Mr. Chairman, you know, there are problems like any other city, but it's not the way some people paint it to be.    Travel warnings, again, if we go based on travel warnings that I--we pulled out the travel warnings that the State Department has. Yes, I do see Mexico here, but I do see so many other countries where there's travel warnings. And if we go on the basis of travel warning, Mr. Chairman, I think we probably have to close consulates.    And there's two and-a-half pages of countries that we probably have to include, including one of the ones that we're dealing with this week or maybe I just saw a note that we might postpone the Israel issue. Even the West Bank and Gaza, there's a travel warning there on that. So I can go on two and-a-half pages of countries if we happen to go on that.    Why do we need consulates on that even in places like Mexico? Two reasons: One is the trade and the relations that we have, but the other one has to do with immigration itself first.    Before I go on that, let me just talk about Mexico. Before we did plan Merida, and in 2008 we worked with Ambassador Garza, President Bush, Roberta Jacobson, which I'm hoping will become--will soon be the Ambassador of Mexico. Mr. Chairman, she's a good lady to know. I think you might know her. She'll be a great Ambassador to Mexico.    We were giving Mexico $36 million a year, while we give certain countries like Israel $3.1 billion a year. And here is Mexico, which is one of our greatest trading partners. Mr. Chairman, I think you highlighted some of the numbers. But let me talk about Laredo where you and Blake--and I'm sorry I couldn't be there. I was bringing my little girl up to Washington the day you were up here.    But Laredo, for example, handles about 40 percent of all the trade between the U.S. and Mexico. Twelve thousand trailers a day that we have there. If you put the trucks, line them up, up and down the border, on the day basis, all the trucks Laredo on 1 day would go from Laredo to a little bit south of San Antonio. You put all the trucks on a monthly basis going through just Laredo, it will go from Laredo all the way to La Paz, Bolivia.    And if you go on the number of trucks that pass Laredo on a year, they almost will wrap around the world twice. So it gives you the half trillion dollars that we have of trade every day. Shows you why Mexico is so important to us.    And by the way, one more for the folks that want to push Mexico away, if an end port comes in from China, it has about a 4 percent American parts on it. If something comes in from Canada, our number one trading partner, will have about 25 percent parts. But if something comes in from Mexico, an import comes in from Mexico, it will have 40 percent American parts with it. So that shows the connection that we have with Mexico.    Trade. Let me go into immigration, part of it. Robert, you and I spoke a lot--Mr. Harris, we spoke a lot about the unaccompanied kids that came in last year on that. We've seen the numbers gone down, Mr. Chairman. They've gone down. They're about half. But, again, we can add more Border Patrol--and I agree adding more Border Patrol. I want to see more men and women in blue, which are the customs officers. But if you look at something that has happened, I've always said that we can't play defense on the 1 yard line, which is called the U.S. border.    We spend about $18 billion for border security across the Nation. If we just play a little different defense on the 20-yard line--and last year the appropriations, we added--I think we worked with you all--we added about $80 million to help Mexico secure the southern border with Guatemala.    We always talk about southern border, but we ought to look at the southern border with Mexico. If you look at it, from October 2014 to April 2015, Mexico apprehended over 92,000 Central American migrants, 20,000 more than we do in the U.S., 70,000. So if we would have--if Mexico would allow those 92,000, Border Patrol would have been dealing with those folks a lot more.    So Mr. Chairman, I do understand that we have issues in Mexico. There's no ifs. But we need to work with them. Construction costs, I agree; I think they're a little high. We can work on that. Closing the consulates, bad mistake. Danger pay, Mr. Chairman, I want to work with you because I think we need to talk about. There are certain parts of Mexico where I think they deserve danger pay.    So, Mr. Chairman, thank you so much for allowing me to be back in my former committee.    And to all the witnesses, thank you so much for all of--for all the good work that you do.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.