    Ms. Chu. Mr. Chair, I would like to enter into the record, the Center for American Progress report that says it would cost $50 billion to deport the estimated 5 million people who would benefit under DACA and DAPA.    Ms. Chu. Professor Legomsky, critics argue that even though DAPA and DACA have individualized criteria that officers have to use on a case-by-case basis, that the high rate of approval for these programs shows that there is some sort of blanket approval of these cases.    Professor, you served as chief counsel of the USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security for several years, including during the time when DACA started, so I am curious to hear what you learned about the adjudication process of these cases. I understand that USCIS reports a 95 percent approval for DACA applications. Can you explain why this there is this high approval rate, and whether it is appropriate or not appropriate to conclude that officers are not making individualized assessments?    Ms. Chu. Thank you for that. Professor, Congress mandates through the Secretary of Homeland Security the national immigration enforcement policies and priorities. Thus, in doing so, the Secretary has directed the agency to prioritize certain categories of people over other categories.    In the Texas case, Judge Hanen seems to accept that prosecutorial discretion is appropriate in this context. However, he seems to oppose the idea of granting deferred action and notifying the individuals that they are not an enforcement priority.    Isn't deferred action in and of itself a form of exercising prosecutorial discretion? How would you counter Judge Hanen's reasoning?    Ms. Chu. Professor, in Judge Hanen's opinion, he argued that DHS acted unlawfully because he did not allow the public to comment about the new DAPA program in accordance with the Administrative Procedures Act. Can you walk us through whether DHS was required to follow the Administrative Procedures Act before implementing the DAPA program?    Ms. Chu. Thank you.    I yield back.