    Mr. HUNTER. Well, thank you, Chairman Chabot, and Ranking Member Velaazquez. Thank you for the opportunity to testify to you today about contracting and the industrial base.    I am Andrew Hunter from CSIS, and as mentioned, prior to being at CSIS, I worked at the Department of Defense under two undersecretaries of defense for Acquisition. And prior to that, I spent 17 years working in various capacities in the House of Representatives. So this is a little bit of a homecoming, and a happy one.    A major focus of my work at CSIS involves understanding the evolving partnership between the Federal Government and the industrial base. This partnership is critical to the successful execution of the more than $400 billion in federal contracting that occurs annually. I have a particular focus on how this partnership is evolving between industry and the Department of Defense; however, CSIS performs in-depth analysis on data from all federal agencies, and I will try to keep that hat on today.    The industrial base is important because without it the Federal Government cannot function. The health of the industrial base, therefore, is of critical importance to the nation as a whole. While federal contracting is only a small portion of the overall economy, it is nonetheless very important to certain sectors of the economy and the industrial base, especially those that focus on government-intensive areas, such as defense, transportation, and healthcare, not least of great importance to many small businesses.    Contract obligations represent the overwhelming majority of the federal spending that is received by industry, and examining the contracting data is essential to understanding what is happening in the industrial base.    I will briefly summarize some of the chief findings of the analysis that CSIS has done on this data and try to provide some context for the discussion today and hopefully for the Committee's work in this Congress.    Our first central finding is that sequestration is currently the dominant force in federal contracting. With repercussions that have been particularly severe in defense contracting, but also across the board. We are in the midst of a significant reduction in federal contract obligations that are affecting every sector of the contracting world in the industrial base.    Within that overarching story, secondly, there is an important dynamic going on specific to research and development. Federal contracting for research and development performed by industry is particularly challenged under sequestration, potentially impacting the historical role that small businesses have played in technology innovation that Ranking Member Velaazquez referred to in her opening statement. A great deal of the cutting-edge innovation has its source in small business. They are frequently incentivized to pursue innovative technologies that larger businesses do not have the same incentive to pursue. And that has been important to the nation over many years.    R&D contract obligations are declining much more rapidly than overall contract obligations, and we have not reached the bottom yet, even though we are likely approaching the bottom for contract obligations overall.    Third, small business contracting is highly sensitive to changes in the overall federal contracting environment. Small businesses are likely to be significantly affected therefore by return to sequestration levels, spending levels in 2016. Contract obligations with small businesses plunged in the first year of sequestration, 2013, then happily, but somewhat unexpectedly, recovered very well in 2014. I believe the reality for small business in truth is somewhere between the crisis picture that the 2013 data presents and the relatively healthy picture that the 2014 data presents. But I suspect that a return to full sequestration would send us, again, in a sharply downward directly.    And then lastly, the composition of small businesses participating in federal contracting has been significantly reshaped since 2000, which is when a lot of the federal data started to become widely publicly available contracting data. And much of this has been the result of policies established in the Small Business Act. And I mention this to point out that the future direction chosen by this Committee will shape the future of small business contracting over the next 10 to 15 years, so it is very important. The work of this Committee is very important.    And lastly, I just want to emphasize that the continuing, in some cases increasing complexity of the federal contracting process referenced by many of my colleagues here, remains the most significant barrier to entry for firms of all sizes in the industrial base, particularly small business. And small businesses are challenged to absorb the overhead required to successfully navigate through this vast complexity. And I would say when you are making these decisions, I would suggest that you tend to err as much as possible on the side of reducing complexity in all of these approaches.    So thank you, and I stand ready to address your questions.    Mr. HUNTER. I would just say I think this gets a little bit to the design build discussion that happened earlier; that the more you can make it easier for companies to get in the front door and participate, the better. I think having more companies engaged in the front end of the process is a good thing, and it is true that the bid and proposal costs can be one of the major barriers to entry. I think the trick a little bit in that is for the government having to evaluate based on a list of qualifications makes it a little bit hard on the contracting officer to withstand bid protests. And bid protests are something that we are seeing has a very pervasive influence throughout the contracting process. It is driving many more of the decisions that get made than I think it was ever really intended to be driving. And so I think sort of that larger story is playing out in the design bid and the construction context.    Mr. HUNTER. Yeah. I am going to make a suggestion that may be slightly hard to implement. But as I mentioned, I think trying, wherever you can, to reduce complexity in the system is the way to go.    Mr. HUNTER. Yes. And of course, you have to be careful. Many of these regulations have a history. They exist for a reason, but I think there are frequently less complex ways to implement the statute and regulations and to get the same job done.    Mr. HUNTER. It is a very interesting point. As someone who spends a lot of time analyzing contract data, it would be great if we could dig deeper into that and understand. Is it because the locus of where the awards are happening within the space of federal contracting? In other words, is it because it is more construction happening and less in the world of supplies? Because that can affect contract size. Construction projects are going to be bigger than most commodity purchases.    But having not carefully analyzed it at this point, my suspicion is that it is not that; that it is, in fact, that the average awards are growing bigger across the board, because our data shows that small businesses are generally succeeding in the areas where they have always succeeded in the contracting process. And I do not know if that is being driven by the way the government is putting out solicitations and proposals. That would generally probably be the first place to look.    Mr. HUNTER. It certainly could. It could also be that some of the smaller purchases which may have historically been done with small businesses, if they are now being done with a purchase card at Walmart, you know, that may be driving some of that. Smaller business and directions away from small businesses. And I think if it is an issue of interest, having someone take a deeper look at that, those trends, would be good.    Mr. HUNTER. Yes. What we found is that the magnitude of the reduction in contract obligations for R&D is much greater than what you see overall. I think that is a result of the fact that for many--for the Department of Defense for certain, and for many federal agencies, there is a lot of rigidities within their budget that make it very hard to cut in other areas. And obviously, in the case of the Department of Defense, there is a strong desire to avoid cuts to things like military compensation. And so then the cuts have to be taken elsewhere. And R&D is inherently something that can be rescheduled and retasked fairly quickly because you are inventing things and you cannot invent on a schedule. The contracts are all designed to reflect, to be rewritable or adjustable as work proceeds. And that is good in a R&D context, but it also means it is very easy to, when the budget cut comes, to take money out of that contract.    Mr. HUNTER. I think it is making it clear that this remains a priority. And I mentioned in my testimony that the goals and objectives that have been set in statute have actually reshaped the way that contracting is being performed. And so I think continuing to emphasize the importance of research and development and innovation is a key thing.    Mr. HUNTER. Well, I would say, you know, I think this issue of how does the government basically arbitrate amongst proposals, and if it is a list of qualifications, it may be a case that everyone has great qualifications and it is very difficult to discern the difference. Or it may be the case that it defaults to whoever has the longest history of past performance, which again, is not going to necessarily get new entrants into the process. I know the Department of Defense and in the R&D context, a lot of times they use an approach that is referred to as a `` white paper.'' And so you are asking folks to give you at a relatively low cost, something that is fairly short, but some description of what the approach that they would take to the problem would be. And that at least can provide a middle ground. I am not sure how well it works in the construction contracts because how far can you go into talking about a construction project before you are into some significant expense? In other contexts that can provide I think a way for the government to distinguish and to kind of call out the best folks to do the more expensive proposal.    And I would say on your question about innovation, I think prototyping can be something that is a good middle ground, if you will, that allows for you to do work on innovative technologies without going to the expense of, again, designing an entire system that the government probably does not have the funding to actually purchase.    Mr. HUNTER. Well, I would just say about surety bonds, I think it is reflective of another issue in federal contracting, which is access to capital. And I think historically, when the Federal Government was sort of a bigger part--federal procurement was a bigger part of the overall economy, there was always just an assumption that it was a gold standard; that the private sector would always be willing to front the capital to make a federal contract work, and what we are finding is that that is not as true anymore. The margins to be made on government business are not as attractive in many cases as what companies can find in the tech sphere. So it is just not as attractive to a lot of companies to engage in this business, and it takes a little more effort on the part of the government to get companies involved.    Mr. HUNTER. I think your example actually about troop protection is a really great case. Because that is one where the government tends to want to take a low-risk approach for very understandable reasons that you can certainly appreciate. And it is expensive to test some of the items and to prove out that they meet the specs that the government is looking for which are fairly stringent.    Interestingly enough, there is a program at the Department of Defense called the Foreign Comparative Test Program that exists for a similar reason, to allow the department to test out equipment from overseas that may be something that we do not have here, and to pay for the testing just so that it can show what its capabilities are. And I think having some small amount of budget to sort of demonstrate, allow small companies to demonstrate what their products can do so that the buyer then does not have the fear that a smaller firm may not have designed something that is going to stand up over time or meet the spec. And the Army has done good work on this with field testing, essentially, of articles in the electronics realm that has really expanded the envelope of people able to participate. I think in troop protection that could be a very valuable example.    Mr. HUNTER. I will do my best. The same answer would be to say we need more data. What we have seen in several areas, and I will try to maybe highlight a little and not be cryptic. For example, we saw big differences between the military services and the way that their contracts were playing out. So the Army's contract obligations have sort of fallen off a cliff. The Navy showed surprisingly little variation in their contract obligations. And then the Air Force was somewhere in the middle and it was very hard to understand how you could have three such different outcomes when they are all facing relatively the same level of cuts. The 2014 data has now come in. We find that, in fact, it is the Navy whose contract obligations have gone down now quite a bit in 2014, much more so than 2013, and the other services not as much. And I think what is happening is that things are shifting around. So there is a semi-artificial barrier there which is the end of the fiscal year--one fiscal year, the start of another. And to some extent the appropriations in terms of when they go on contract can be fungible across that boundary. And so I think there is a lot of shifting that is going on. And so I think work from 2013 got shifted essentially into 2014, partly probably due to the uncertainty when sequestration kind of came down in the middle of the fiscal year, and partly because of strategies that different agencies adopted. And so I suspect that if you were to sort of take the two years and average them out, that might be--and assume that in reality sort of that, there was more of a steady state trend line there and that those two numbers are extremes and the reality is somewhere in the middle, I suspect that is the case.    So taking you then to 2016, this question of does it go back down to the full sequester levels and another drop? Or does it now start to go in a positive direction in terms of the total federal obligations? It is going to, I think, again, kind of, you know, it will be--in some ways it surprised agencies whichever outcome occurs because they have budgeted now for what the president's level is, which is higher, and if it ends up going back to sequestration, there is going to be that surprise again. And that is why I think it will be a sharp drop if that happens.    Mr. HUNTER. It is. And I think the government needs to be very discriminating about how it approaches and how it invests its R&D dollars. And so I think that is kind of the answer in both directions to your question I would argue.    Mr. HUNTER. You cannot throw money at the problem, and we do not need to be investing government dollars where the private sector is going to invest its own dollars. And generally, they are probably going to, I mean, history shows they are going to be successful in that in enough cases to make it not worth the government investment. So I think the government then needs to focus. When R&D budgets are declining and the government has to focus very hard, there is a tendency to say, well, we are going to invest in an area because we invested in it last year. We thought it was good then, it must still be good now. At a time like this, you really need to revisit those assumptions and say maybe the world has moved on. And in some cases it has. And in communications technology, the advancements on the commercial side are so rapid, it is highly unlikely the government investment is ever going to----    Mr. HUNTER. I would say the government should be thoughtful without sequestration.    Mr. HUNTER. And part of the problem with sequestration is it does not allow a lot of thought. So we end up cutting everything, even the things that are critical and necessary, and yes, we may have cut some of the things that are less critical and necessary, but we cut them exactly 10 percent, not 100 percent as maybe we should have. And so I think it is those rigidities and that mechanism.    Mr. HUNTER. Well, but there are still rigidities within the budget process that tend to drive the cuts to certain areas, R&D in particular, more so than places where we maybe should be cutting.