    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the lady.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from California for 5 minutes, Mr. Lieu.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman. I'm over here in the corner.    I guess my questions are, Mr. Connolly was here, and I'm always frightened when I agree with him, but I agree with him more and more when we do these oversight hearings. I want to focus a little bit on how we got here.    I heard the ranking member talk about the draconian budget cuts. Mr. Milholland, I heard you mention draconian budget cuts. Certainly, at the IRS, I apologize, I don't have the HHS numbers or DOD, so I don't want to appear to be picking on the IRS, but they are the numbers I could get in the last 5 minutes. Certainly, your budget has been cut in the last couple years, 3 percent this year. It was up 0.8 percent the year before that. Down 5 percent the year before that. Down 2.5 percent the year before that.    But I think we would all agree that when you are still using technology and computer systems from the 1970s and 1980s, this is not a problem that started in 2012, okay?    I see that Mr. Milholland is nodding his head.    I go back to 2000, Mr. Milholland, when the Republicans were in charge, actually, and your budget went up almost 6 percent, the next year 8.5 percent, the next year almost 4 percent, then 4 percent, 4 percent after that. The Democrats take over in 2007, your budget is up 4.73 percent, 3.8 percent, 5.4 percent.    How can you really sit there and tell us this is money? I mean, you got bigger increases than everybody else in the country in 2008. I can assure you there were private industries and businesses and households that didn't see a 5.4 percent increase in their budgets during the recession.    I mean, how can you sit there with a straight face and say it is money? While that is convenient today and ties into what the ranking member was saying, haven't you been mismanaging the money since the 1970s and 1980s? Isn't that the only way you end up in this problem?    Mr. Mulvaney. Does anybody that you know, anybody on the whole panel, does anybody in the private sector do it the way the government does it? Are there any private companies out there using 8-inch floppy disks and expired languages and machines they cannot get pieces for? Is there anybody out there who does this?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Milholland, you mentioned something about your predecessor, and someone mentioned something in the previous testimony. How long have you been in this position at the IRS?    Mr. Mulvaney. What is the average tenure? This may be to the OMB or GAO. What is the average tenure of a CIO at our major agencies?    Mr. Mulvaney. Is that a problem?    Mr. Mulvaney. Why?    Mr. Mulvaney. Who controls the tenure of a CIO at a major agency or department? Does Congress? Anybody?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right, but if we are going to say that Mr. Halvorsen is going to be CIO at DOD, and we leave him there 2 years, whose call is that? Is it ours or somebody else's?    Mr. Mulvaney. It is an executive decision. It was sort of a rhetorical question. Congress doesn't say that you have a 2-year term at DOD, or a 2-year term at HHS, or at any agency. It is an executive decision under both administrations.    Mr. Powner, I take it your data goes back to Republican administrations as well.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.