    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you having this hearing and your attention to this tough issue we have going in California.    Over the last several decades, we have seen increasing regulatory requirements imposed on the Central Valley Project that have strangled its ability to provide water for all Californians. CVP is now operated with a stronger emphasis on managing flows for fish than for the millions of Californians who have built it and rely upon it.    Today, we are discussing two contradictory proposals by two wildlife agencies who, clearly, do not communicate with each other. One, NMFS, proposes drastically cutting water releases from the Shasta Reservoir to allegedly assist salmon, and cut Californians' water supply. The Fish and Wildlife Service proposes drastically increasing water releases from Shasta Reservoir, allegedly to assist Delta smelt, and cut Californians' water supplies.    I am really glad that Jeff Sutton could join us today. I have worked a long time with him in Northern California. He comes from the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority. As their General Manager, he has worked tirelessly to find solutions on all sides of the issues, working collaboratively with the conservation interests as well as keeping the water flowing. So, Jeff, thank you for joining us today.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to introduce and comment.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Sutton, we talked about it a little bit already here. I mean it has certainly been one thing that your district and your neighbor districts there had zero allocation, zero in 2014 and 2015. And then to be told when the lake has reached an incredible fullness that you would go out and plant crops, and sometime in May perhaps, after the crops are in the field, the fertilizer has been bought, the tractors have been run, money has been borrowed from the banks, say, oh, wait a minute, you are not going to get the allocation now. I don't even probably have to get the answer as to how devastating that is going to be in the middle of the year. I used to represent that in the state legislature. Mr. Garamendi has the privilege of representing those counties now below Tehama. I have seen the boarded up windows, the closed down tractor and auto dealerships, and the small storefronts. I mean, how devastating would this be to your constituents?    Mr. LaMalfa. You mean from wells, well water.    Mr. LaMalfa. Let me jump in there. Did you hear the testimony, did you see that on March 22 we had Eileen Sobeck of NOAA here to talk about the levels of Shasta.    Mr. LaMalfa. I asked her point blank, what would it take, how much water would have to be in the lake for you to assure the senior water rights holders, as well as others, that they are going to get their allocation? She said 4.1 million acre-feet, which is somewhere around 95 percent of full or 108 percent of the average over the years. And at that point they started dumping water and the lake only filled to 3.95 million, but that is a different story.    So what does that mean, if the lake has to reach a level of 4.1 million every year, that if it is below that, you are not going to see an allocation? This is what is going to be played in order to have a temperature goal be met in September or October or what have you?    Mr. LaMalfa. Mr. Thom, would you address that too, please?    Mr. LaMalfa. Well, let me shift gears on that then. Does your agency believe that no winter-run salmon will return to the river in 2017 and 2018 based on the shouting about what the numbers were going out the river during the 3 years previous?    Mr. LaMalfa. What is the sampling system used to determine that, especially during high flows?    Mr. LaMalfa. Counting the outflow.    Mr. LaMalfa. How do you smolt trap during high flows?    Mr. LaMalfa. Mr. Sutton, would you touch on how that sampling system works in your observation?    Mr. LaMalfa. They are not counting the actual fish in the traps----    Mr. LaMalfa. So we don't even have a real sample, do we?    Mr. LaMalfa. During the primary time when most fish would be moving. So we can expect perhaps really great returns in 2017, 2018. We don't really know, do we?    Mr. LaMalfa. Mr. Azhderian, how much water could be in San Luis Reservoir if 110,000 cfs was not running straight out to the ocean during March and they were actually putting that water into the reservoir? Could it be 2 million acre-feet instead of 1 million full?    Mr. LaMalfa. If they were actually pumping, if they were pumping the water, could you have----    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter into the record, this is a study commissioned by Mr. Scott Hamilton, who is a Ph.D., which would indicate that no relationship between summer flows and summer survival of Delta smelt is indicated by these high flows during the summer.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you for your indulgence, sir.