    Mr. Scott. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    These seven legislative proposals that we are considering today serve, in my opinion, as a positive step to help reduce many of the regulatory burdens. But I am particularly supportive of H.R. 2287, which would require the National Credit Union Administration Board to submit a detailed draft of their budget to the Federal Register for comment and hold public hearings.    Now, I think it was about a month or so ago that NCUA Chair Debbie Matz appeared before this committee and gave us some very interesting testimony. But the record will reflect that her testimony revealed a very severe need for our particular legislation, because our legislation would simply have the NCUA be held accountable for its budget and would allow the credit unions that they represent to take a more active role in its budget decisions.    And I believe that our bill, with Representative Mulvaney providing the leadership, will do just that. It is very necessary, from her testimony, to really show how crucial it is to do this so that we can build a more positive relationship between the NCUA and the credit unions that it represents.    And so I wanted to make that clear, Mr. Chairman, because this is one time that a hearing has produced a great need for legislation, and this committee has, under the leadership of Representative Mulvaney, provided just that leadership, and I am proud to work with him on it.    Mr. Ireland, I am concerned about smaller banking institutions and the larger banking institutions. Could you explain more about the stratification that smaller banking institutions experience regarding trying to implement risk-based models compared to our larger banking institutions?    Mr. Scott. And there is another bill that I think is also very important, and that is Representative Stivers' H.R. 2121 concerning the difficulties that loan originators face when moving to another State or seeking a license. Could you give me some examples of those difficulties, Mr. Ireland or Mr. Kupiec or Mr. Stanley, any of you?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Ireland.