    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Administrator McCarthy, for being here. I know you've been here for over two hours, and appreciate your testimony here today.    I know a couple of my colleagues have asked about the proposed Waters of the U.S. Rule, and in my district in Illinois, I represent a fairly heavy ag district, and I think the frustrating part for me is, when I travel around my district and I talk to people, you know, they ask all the time, well, you know, Darrin, how did this law get passed, what happened, how did this law get implemented, and I explain to them that this isn't in fact a law, this is a rule implemented by EPA that really circumvents Congress and circumvents the Constitution in a lot of ways and that really unelected people are putting in this rule, and they also couple that with the real-world effect that this rule's going to have on agriculture, whether that's a puddle or it's a stream or it's a creek on a farmer's land. And when I travel around my district, I can't find anybody that thinks this is a good idea, and you look at a rule or a law or a statute as fixing a problem. No one in my district thinks that there's a problem that needs to be fixed.    And I would also point to you that back on October 9th of 2015, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, second highest court in our country, issued a stay on implementation of the rule on the Waters of the U.S.    Mr. LaHood. And that decision, written decision, stayed, that said this rule cannot go forward. In there, they specifically cite a significant legal question as to whether certain parts of this rule are supported by science. Now, that's not Republicans saying that on Capitol Hill. These are two independent judges, second highest court in the country saying this.    So when I look at that, I guess my question to you is, do you disagree with the court on the basis that this rule lacks science?    Mr. LaHood. Well, I appreciate that, but I mean, again, that's not what the Farm Bureau says, that's not what the Illinois State Farm Bureau, the American Bureau says. I don't think you're going to get that from anybody in agriculture thinks the way you're doing it.    And I think the other thing is, there was lots of talk and rhetoric from the EPA and the Corps is, we're going to listen to your comments, give us all your comments, we're going to listen to them, we're going to take them into account, and I've seen the detailed merit-based comments that were given to you and your department and the Corps, and all of them in my estimation fell on deaf ears. None of them were taken into account when you look at the rule and how it's implemented and the effect that it has on them, and it's consistent in the agriculture community that people are absolutely opposed to this rule and the way that it's being put forth.    The other thing that I would mention, you know, this--as you implemented this rule, you abided by the Administrative Procedure Act, the APA, in doing that, and you testified back on March 4th, 2015, in the Senate, and Senator Sullivan from Alaska had asked you about the WOTUS rule, and you--concerning the APA Act and following that, and you said there have been--``There have been individuals represent various constituencies in the states that have commented but we have received over one million comments and 87 percent of those comments we have counted thus far are supportive of the rule." I find that absolutely hard to believe. Is that still your statement today?    Mr. LaHood. Eighty-seven percent is supportive of this rule across the country?    Mr. LaHood. And has that changed since then? That was your testimony on March 4th.    Mr. LaHood. And can you name for me any agriculture groups that are supportive of this rule today?    Mr. LaHood. And my time is almost up. And you're also aware there's another Federal District Court in the Dakotas that has also issued a stay here for many of the same reasons that were done in the Sixth Circuit. I think that was at the federal district level. Are you aware of that also?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you. Those are all my questions, Mr. Chairman.