    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you for having this.    Administrator Bolden, I want to thank you. You know I'm going to talk about the big A----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Knight. --and I appreciate this picture very much. You put an American hero on here. He is not looking at green there. He's looking at a lake bed----    Hon. Bolden. I think he's----    Mr. Knight. --and he's looking at a B-52. But Bill Dana is an American hero and I thank you for putting him on there.    From 1968 to about 2000 or 2002, hypersonic research went from about the height to almost to zero and then we jumped again with the X-43 program. We went from the X-43 to the X-51 and then again we decided that either money or it wasn't worth our while. Probably the first was the reason why we weren't going to go into hypersonic research.    Can you tell me what a commitment is from NASA, what a commitment is from Congress to make sure that we continue on with hypersonic research so America will be the leaders on hypersonics and not China or someone else?    Hon. Bolden. If Congress accepts the President's proposed budget, particularly the part that deals with aeronautics, it's a $25 million annual amount that NASA's commitment to DOD, to the integrated government--you know, DOD, intelligence community, everybody else that needs hypersonics, $25 million allows us to maintain our expertise but most importantly our facilities at Langley, at Glenn, at Ames. Anything less than that and we're going to be back where we were in those times that you describe where we're down. We're going to be back where we were when Erik Axdahl left to go back to Langley when he felt that there was no future in hypersonics.    $25 million is the base that NASA needs to retain the nation's primary capability for fundamental hypersonics research. That is us. We do that. Nobody else does that.    Mr. Knight. Perfect statement. You do that. We want NASA to be on the leading edge. I think that there are civilian companies that would like to jump into that realm at some point, but remember, typically, NASA will do an awful lot of R&D before private companies will jump into the mix.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Knight. And that is the case here.    Two other programs I'd like to talk about because you know I'm going to talk about aeronautics quite a bit. The first one is the low-boom demonstrator. Now, again, we went through adjusting program for about a three-year period where we put a big old almost pitot tube at the end of an F-15 and did some jousting to do a low boom so that hopefully us Congressmen from the West Coast can fly across this country in 2 hours one day, and we will alleviate that restriction from the FAA that's been going on since 1974 and all of these things that--you know, if any of you have ever heard of sonic boom, I know you've probably heard a thousand and I've heard a thousand. They're disrupting, but with a low-boom demonstrator is almost a hum, or a very--you almost----    Hon. Bolden. Murmur.    Mr. Knight. --wouldn't know it. It's a murmur, exactly. Explain how important that would be to the economics of this country, the economics of the world if we could get there.    Hon. Bolden. Congressman Knight, it would be critically important to this nation economically because right now, the European space agency--well, European aeronautics companies because most of their flight is over water. They have said we don't care. You know, we don't have the regulation that the FAA has put on American aircraft not to fly supersonically over ground.    So, as you said, the low-boom technology has allowed us to really reduce its energy from sound that breaks windows and stuff. The low-boom configuration actually causes it to be just a murmur and comfortable to people.    We will have aircraft that will be able to get places much faster. Businessmen, for example, can do their business--they can get around the world in six hours instead of however much time it takes today. Yes, I mean, anybody.    And, you know, there's a common misconception. I've heard it said one of the reasons that people resisted our efforts in this regard was because they said, well, the only reason for having supersonic airplanes is so that rich people can go places fast.    Mr. Knight. Not true.    Hon. Bolden. That's--you know, some of us normal people want to go places----    Mr. Knight. That's right.    Hon. Bolden. --fast----    Mr. Knight. Some of us normal people want to go----    Hon. Bolden. --also. And I do a lot of intercontinental travel. I would love to be able to get into an airplane and go from here to Moscow or wherever else I'm going in a couple hours instead of the 14 hours that it takes today.    Mr. Knight. And lastly, in my 15 seconds I'm just going to thank you. We fully funded SOFIA again.    Hon. Bolden. Yes.    Mr. Knight. SOFIA is, to me, a moving classroom. It's not unlike the space shuttle. We used the space shuttle in the beginning for an awful lot of research and astronauts, but we put teachers on. We did many things, as you know, with the space shuttle program. We're doing that with SOFIA, so we take fifth-grade teachers in there. They go back and they inspire our fifth-graders to now be the next Charlie Bolden. They inspire them to be an astronaut. And that is exactly what these types of programs are doing. They're benefiting the country, not just the science that we're getting out of SOFIA. So I want to thank you for that, too.    Hon. Bolden. Thank you for your support.    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair.