    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Within the last 2 weeks, I think it was publicized that Lenovo computer company shipped laptops already equipped with malware called Spear Phishing or something.    Isn't that kind of amazing, that a brand-new laptop would already be essentially booby-trapped that way?    Mr. Cooper. That is not amazing?    Mr. Cooper. Someone estimated--and I hope it is unduly pessimistic--that almost 95 percent of government IT acquisitions were flawed or deeply flawed in some way.    Are you able at NSA to make sure you have clean equipment when you buy it?    Mr. Cooper. But for your own NSA operation, you are able to make sure that all your computers are clean?    Mr. Cooper. That would include system administrators like Mr. Snowden?    Mr. Cooper. What is good enough for government work? What is clean enough to be safe?    Mr. Cooper. It is risk for virtually every chip to be made overseas?    Mr. Cooper. Is it worth mitigating that risk by having more domestic manufacturers?    Mr. Cooper. But a back door can come in from virtually anywhere. The Target hack was mainly the HVAC contractor. Right?    Mr. Cooper. I don't know how many transistors are in a phone like this or chips or whatever like that, but it is surely a large number.    Mr. Cooper. So since everyone carries their own supercomputer with them, is anyone smart enough to figure out the hardware/software interface, even assuming that the hardware is perfect and clean and inviolable or----    Mr. Cooper. I guess I am still trying to get at the question of good enough for government work. When are we safe? When have we done enough of that? Do you have to red-team everything? Do you have to practice your operation without using computers? How do we----    Mr. Cooper. Should the Defense Committee be doing more to help?    Mr. Cooper. Well, I hope you won't be shy about asking.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see my time has expired.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Mr. Cooper.    As we conclude, I want to thank each of you. And it has to be reassuring to the American people to see such dedicated personnel. So thank you very much for your service on behalf of our country.    We are adjourned.