    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you for being here, Mr. Chairman. This report from last year concludes that your agency and the people who work for you had a list of firms, of businesses that were questionable, disreputable. And you folks instructed your examiners with a directive listing this group of businesses that were questionable, disreputable in the opinion of your examiners or the folks that you work with in the front office, and instructed banks to put pressure on--or the examiners to put pressure on those banks so they would not extend loans and debit transaction processing and so forth and so on to try to presumably drive these businesses out of business.    Now, what do you say to a three-generation family business outside of Bangor, Maine, that I represent, that sells firearms and ammunitions legally, and also sells tobacco, maybe they sell some fireworks--I'm not done yet. Sorry.    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you. What gives you the right, or anybody who works for you the right, or your agency the right, to tell businesses who are operating legally in this country, where the owners have sacrificed their savings, their hard work, grown their businesses, hired their family members and others--what gives you the right to try to shut them down, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. You don't, but you did it, didn't you?    Mr. Poliquin. But you did it, didn't you, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Please. I have 3 minutes left.    Mr. Poliquin. If I am not mistaken, sir, based on the timeline that I have, there was a period of time where you asked for this list to be expanded; is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. That is not correct. I want to make sure I hear this correctly.    Mr. Poliquin. You did not ask for this list of questionable businesses ever to be expanded; is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. It is a very simple question.    Mr. Poliquin. Please.    Mr. Poliquin. That is correct, which is a directive to examiners dealing with banks, correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Certainly, they get the message. Did you in fact--    Mr. Poliquin. You did not ask to expand this list to include firearms dealers?    Mr. Poliquin. As I understand your answer, you did not in any way, at any time, ask to expand this list of industries?    Mr. Poliquin. That is what I heard.    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Fine. Thanks. Let's move on. There is a pattern here, Mr. Director, of government agencies, like the Internal Revenue Service, intimidating law-abiding citizens because they don't have the same political views as maybe the regulating agency, and the Administration wanting to give amnesty to 5 or 6 million people which is not set in law, and now all of a sudden you folks come along.    I think you folks, frankly, are a threat to our economy and our way of life and the employment that we have in this country. What do you say to the employees who have lost their jobs because of the overreach of your agency asking examiners to intimidate banks to shut down credit to businesses that are trying to survive? What do you say to those families who have lost those jobs?    Mr. Poliquin. But we just heard that the folks who were involved in this mess are still working at your agency; is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. That is correct. Okay. So when did you find out about this?    Mr. Poliquin. When did you find out about it, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. So how long have these people who were involved in this mess, how long have they still been working at your organization?    Mr. Poliquin. I don't care who they are. How long has it been, since the report came out, that they are still working there?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Thank you.