    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Collier, this question is for you. What is your understanding of the decision EPA undertook to initiate the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment? Did the EPA initiate this study to gather more information, or would--did it seem more like a preemptive 404(c) action?    Mr. Weber. Go ahead.    Mr. Congressman, the--from the get-go there has been a decision made at EPA to veto this project. There are countless emails that show that. I saw a couple new ones just within the last few days----    Mr. Weber. If I may, let me put you on hold right there. I have a slide I wanted to get your take on----    Mr. Weber. --if we can put the slide up.    Mr. Weber. If you look at this email communication, it's between EPA employees David Evans and Palmer I guess it's Hough, H-o-u-g-h is how that would be pronounced----    Mr. Weber. --regarding Alaska Senator Murkowski's press release upon the EPA's announcement to conduct the Bristol Bay watershed assessment. In it, David Evans writes, and I'm quoting, ``interesting spin on EPA's announcement/decision. Her communications would suggest no 404(c) would be done until all the science is in.'' Now, here's the smoking gun. David Evans says, ``obviously, that's not what we have in mind.'' Does it get--when you see a statement like that, do you think a reasonable person says the EPA's probably objective on this matter?    Mr. Weber. That's the juror to the judge. Judge, let's give him a fair trial and then hang him.    Mr. Weber. So you're in business. I own an air-conditioning company 34 years. I've dealt with the EPA over Freon issues for a long time. So as businesspeople, we would say, well, the EPA's job is to be fair and an impartial judge if you will to make an assessment based on something that you the business community brings to EPA. It's not--we would--I would argue, see if you agree, that it's not necessarily EPA's job to go out before you bring them something and to tell you, hey, don't bother bringing this to you because we're not going to approve it. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Weber. Sure.    Mr. Weber. Well, I'm running out of time, but I would argue that in this case it seems apparent to me that the EPA has acted as judge, jury, and executioner in killing this project. Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Weber. Mr. Chair, I yield back.