    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    If you could, Ms. Hyde, just kind of keep the questions as brief as you can because of the time. I am going to start with a fairly simple one. Could you give yourself a grade of 1 to 10 on how good a job you are doing?    Mr. Collins. Yes.    Mr. Collins. OK, you are a 10.    Mr. Collins. That is pretty arrogant in my book, but we will put that aside. So you have said you are underfunded, you need more money, so I am just going to dive right in and say, as you have looked at programs the last couple of years, which ones you have just said here, you are going to look at this. How many programs have you looked at and terminated because they weren't a good use of taxpayer funds in the last 2 years?    Mr. Collins. Could you give me a list, if you could, of those that are being recommended and those that have actually had their reductions?    Mr. Collins. And when you say you are underfunded, are you constantly looking at and evaluating each program like the one that Representative Mullin said $436,000, which I think it is pretty obvious was wasted money? Are you looking at those, and who is doing that evaluation?    Mr. Collins. Who in your organization? Do you have like certain people?    Mr. Collins. Well, either you do or you don't----    Mr. Collins . Have certain people.    Mr. Collins. Who is going to evaluate this sing-along program?    Mr. Collins. No----    Mr. Collins . Who? Who will evaluate that, how quickly will it be evaluated, and when could you provide this committee an answer on whether that program will be terminated and that money, since you are underfunded, redeployed?    Mr. Collins. And when will I expect that answer? I mean you are a 10, so it should be tomorrow. Is that fair if you are a 10? If you were an 8, I could give you a week or so but since you are a 10, is it fair to say you could get that to me tomorrow? Who is going to evaluate it, when will we get the answers? I am just asking you, can I get that answer tomorrow?    Mr. Collins. I guess the answer is no. Well, I think you just went from a 10 to about a 7.    As I look at doing evaluations, best practices, are you identifying best practices that other states can learn from? Like this state, this program in South Carolina is exceptional, they are really working well, let us roll this out across the country. Are you identifying actively best practices to assure that taxpayer money is being well spent, and since you are underfunded, it is even more important?    Mr. Collins. You need to do a better job, but you are a 10, so that is interesting. Can you provide me a list of the best practices that you have identified, very specific, not just general let us all do better, specific best practices that you have shared with other agencies? Could you get that to me tomorrow? You said you already have a list, could you get that to me tomorrow?    Mr. Collins. So you can't get it to me tomorrow. You just jumped from a 7 to a 5. I am asking for direct answers. You said you have it. If you have it, you should be able to get it to me at 1 o'clock this afternoon. So either you do or you don't have it. Do you have it?    Mr. Collins. So can you get it to me today?    Mr. Collins. Quickly and directly. I am just saying, do you have it?    Mr. Collins. Tomorrow?    Mr. Collins. Yes, and I would appreciate more direct answers. I haven't actually had too many employees or witnesses who would say they walk on water, and on a scale of 1 to 10 are a 10, so I am just taking you at your word. I thought you were going to tell me you were an 8. I am surprised at the 10.    So all I am suggesting is best practices work. You say you are underfunded. We have an example here of $436,000 that I think, generally speaking, will come back, and I would like that as quickly as possible, as wasted taxpayer money that could been redirected elsewhere. So I would appreciate a prompt response as soon as you can get it to me, and that would be my request.    And I yield back.