    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for being here today.    With the attacks in Brussels, it is another reminder we are in a global war on terrorism, and it is continuing. And I just want you to know that I have faith in you, and we are counting on you to protect American families. And part of that is not forgetting 9/11. This is a continuing war; we will be in it for quite a while, but your service I know I appreciate as a grateful dad of four sons who have served in the military under you all's command.    General Dunford, as Chairman Thornberry has mentioned, we have serious concerns about the state of the Marine Corps aviation. Marine Corps aviators and maintainers at the Marine Corps Air Station in Beaufort, South Carolina, tell us how they have had to cannibalize parts from museum aircraft to get their current fleet in the air. They don't have the parts. They don't have the people. They are not getting the training. Furthermore, General Robert Neller has testified that there aren't enough aircraft to even meet our training and mission requirements. I am very concerned that if they had to deploy tomorrow, they would be sent into a fight unprepared and ill equipped.    How are we addressing this potential reality of an inability to respond to near-peer adversary or multi-adversary engagement? Beyond Marine Corps aviation, what else is at risk?    Mr. Wilson. Well, again, hey, we are in this together, but the American people need to know it is a global war on terrorism;9/11 must not be forgotten. So thank you.    General Dunford. Congressman, quickly, go back to how we got in the position we are in with Marine aviation, as well as, frankly, as I mentioned, across the joint force, there are similar stories that I could point out. Part of it was deferred modernization, so we are flying aircraft now that are very old. Part of it was, back in 2013, we went through sequestration. We had a backlog of depot-level maintenance that has caused the availability of ready basic aircraft and so forth. So these issues exist throughout the joint force. And part of what we are arguing for now is stability in funding, managing the operational tempo, and getting the appropriate resources is going to be what we need to get out of this trough, and it is going to take some years before we are able to do that.    Mr. Wilson. And we will be working with you.    And, Secretary Carter, last week, Admiral John Richardson testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee that Iran had violated international law earlier this year by boarding sovereign U.S. vessels, detaining 10 U.S. sailors, and seizing an estimated 13,000 pages worth of information from laptops, GPS devices, and maps.    Would you agree with Admiral Richardson's assessment? If so, would you please let us know what subsequent action has been taken to rectify this brazen defiance of international law?    Mr. Wilson. I also want to thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your efforts to promote public-private cooperation in cybersecurity, but a challenge we have is recruiting and training. What are we doing to prepare for the continuing cyber war?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Takai.