    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to our witnesses. It is interesting.    Ambassador, you recollect a little bit about what has happened in the past. Obviously, national security and economic security in agriculture all fit together, everybody is in agreement with that, but I want to take a little bit of a different take. When you talk about this mechanism of technology, science, and I don't think enough people realize this so I am going to say it, but I can give you many examples, but the best example I have is corn production. In 1950, the U.S. national average of corn was 50 bushels an acre. When I started farming in 1975, to have a 100 bushel corn crop was considered good. That was to become my goal. Now we are doing almost twice that. And I don't know what the acres are that have declined, but we know the tillable acres in this country have been taken out of production--some acres have been taken out of production, obviously, urban sprawl and all that. And I can remember not too many years ago a 10 billion bushel corn crop was a big crop. Last 2 years, we had 14 billion bushel corn crops. So if we weren't doing--if American agriculture wasn't doing what we are doing we would have a food crisis already----    Mr. Gibbs. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte.--and in extreme cases, even up to 60 or 70 percent of the family budget. Well, then at that point, you can't benefit from all the other elements of global prosperity in any way, shape or form. People themselves are going to get the message, especially in these enlarged countries that are looking to feed huge numbers of people, whether it is India or China or others, and it is going to be demanded by the populations of the world and the farmers.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, when you are hungry, you only have one problem.    Mr. Gibbs. You know.    Mr. Gibbs. We have many problems in this country because we are not hungry, I guess.    Dr. Beckham, we talk about funding for the zoonotic diseases, diseases passed from animals to humans, and in your testimony that is on the increase or potential increase, 75 percent. You talk about the need for funding for USDA and that. How is the relationship between the USDA agency, APHIS, and all that work to prevent swine flu, avian flu, and all that, work with CDC? Does that relationship need to be better, how do you see that relationship on the human side versus the animal side with our scientists and the CDC?    Mr. Gibbs. We might have a----    Mr. Gibbs. Okay.    All right, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Plaskett, 5 minutes.