    Mr. Scott. Nice try. Thank you. And I want to thank all of our panelists. They have provided really good information. Let me just ask some general questions.    When you talk about personal data, is there anything in the discussion that will hurt us in trying to find growth models or trends, demographic trends, that in general we could use for educational purposes? Is there anything that--nonpersonal information, non-personally-identifiable information, is that at risk if--in any of our discussion? In other words, boys do better than girls in some areas, some pedagogy works better with some groups other than others. Are we gonna lose our ability to evaluate along those lines?    Mr. Scott. I just wanted to make sure that is not at risk.    Mr. Reidenberg, you indicated the problem with sanctions. We have got a problem with classified information. If a reporter gets classified information illegally, meaning somebody illegally has classified information, gives it to a reporter, there is apparently no prohibition against the reporter just sticking it in the newspaper.    What about republication of data and other kinds of breaches? You alluded to the fact that we need the graduated sanctions so there will be some sanction. If there is a breach, would there be any prohibition against the rebroadcast or republication of the data? Is that part of FERPA?    Mr. Scott. One of the questions is what is an educational record. Is homework, grades on quizes, exams, final grades, disciplinary records, financial records, are all those educational data that needs to be protected? Computer use, if you are using the library computer?    Mr. Scott. So stuff like that is not now covered, but should be covered?    Mr. Scott. And part of the discussion is how long should the information be held? Somebody has graduated from high school, should the high school still have their stuff on some computer that somebody can get to?    Mr. Scott. Let me ask you just another quick question. How do the marketers get this information? I mean, I think we would all agree you shouldn't be marketing people. How do they get the information to begin with?