    Mr. Spence. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the committee. My name is Bill Spence. I am president, chairman, and CEO of PPL Corporation. We deliver electricity to more than 10 million customers in the U.S. and the U.K. Beyond my role overseeing PPL's operations, I am also on the EEI Policy Committee on Reliability and Business Continuity. I also am a member of the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council that you heard about earlier today. The ESCC serves as a principal liaison between the Federal Government and the electric power sector to protect against cyberthreats to the Nation's power grid.    Protecting the Nation's power grid, as you heard earlier, is not only a top priority of the Federal Government, it is also a top priority for the industry. We have a very strong record of working together closely in all kinds of disasters and storms. Along with our Government partners, we identify, assess, and respond to all threats.    The electric sector takes a defense and indepth approach to protecting grid assets. This approach really includes three key elements. The first is rigorous mandatory enforceable and regularly audited reliability standards. Gerry talked about that in his testimony. Also close coordination among industry and with Government partners at all levels. And thirdly, efforts to prepare, respond, and recover, should power grid operations be affected.    Our industry already maintains hundreds of spare transformers. I don't believe that came up earlier, but you should be aware of that. In addition, we just recently launched, as an industry, a new project called Grid Assurance. Under Grid Assurance, many of the major utilities in this sector are coming together to establish regional centers where we will not only store spare transformers, but other critical equipment necessary to quickly recover the power system in any type of an event.    Among all the critical infrastructure sectors, you should know that the electric sector invests more annually than any other critical infrastructure sector. Last year alone we invested more than $100 billion.    Regarding security standards and regulations, as you heard we are subject to NERC's reliability standards. Entities found violating these standards face penalties of up to $1 million per violation per day. In fact, our industry is the only industry subject to mandatory, federally enforceable cyber and physical standards.    The industry is also implementing requirements for physical security as part of a broader suite of NERC standards, and using voluntary standards, as well, to drive improvement. Secondly, we are coordinating closely with the Federal Government, sharing threat information between the Government and industry to protect the grid.    According to the National Infrastructure Advisory Council, the electric power sector is viewed as a model for how other critical infrastructure sectors can more effectively partner with the Government. Our intent is to keep it that way. The Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council brings senior Government and industry executives like myself together with agency officials to improve sectorwide resilience against all hazards and potential threats.    The ESCC and our Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center offer programs like the Cybersecurity Risk Information Sharing Program, as Gerry also mentioned, through which we share information on potential threats. This is an area where I think the Federal Government has been very helpful to the industry, by allowing us to utilize proprietary hardware and software that was developed at the national labs and is now helping to protect the grid.    Over 75 percent of the U.S. customer base is covered by industry participation in this critical program. The ESCC has also focused on several other key areas, including planning and exercising responses to major disruptions. Our last exercise was a combined cyber and physical threat scenario.    In addition, we are focused on rapid threat communication amongst share owners and stakeholders. We are also developing Government-held technologies on electric power systems that improve situational awareness and cross-sector coordination.    Last but not least we are focused on incident response and recovery efforts. Electric power companies continuously plan and exercise for a broad range of potential threats. We share crews and equipment in times of trouble, and we regularly drill for potential emergencies. For our part, PPL is actively engaged in the industry efforts I have highlighted, and pursing an aggressive defense-in-depth approach to protecting the power grid.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Spence. I would agree with Mr. Cauley. I think the prudent thing would be the same as what we are doing today for devastating storms, which is really a 1- to 2-week outage preparation.    I think there are a lot of resources that are currently available to local communities, both at the State and the local community level that are really great resources that, unfortunately, I don't think all the towns and communities take full advantage of. There are a lot of really good best practices that have been used by towns and cities that have been more experienced with devastating storms. For example, the State of Florida has a lot of experience, so there is a lot of lessons learned there that are available to towns and communities.    I think the other thing--and I think this was mentioned by the representative of FEMA earlier today--it really boils down to, in many cases, the probability of the event happening, the risk of the event, and willingness to put in place and spend the money for backup generation or other backstops that would be necessary for a 1- to 2-week event. So I think that is where I would direct the towns and communities to be aware of what is available, utilize that fully, and then make the critical investments that they need to survive a 1- to 2-week period.    Mr. Spence. Right.    Mr. Spence. Well----    Mr. Spence. Yes.    Mr. Spence. Right.    Mr. Spence. Well, a couple comments, Mr. Chairman. First I would say--and you probably would not want to hear this, necessarily, but I think it is a shared responsibility between local government and the Federal Government. And I really do believe that because you are just not going to be able to have Federal boots on the ground in all these local communities to get the communities back up and running.    Secondly, I would say that, you know, there are things that the local utilities do have at their disposal to help local communities in terms of communication and even backup generators, portable generators, that we can deploy to high-priority areas to make sure that when we need to restore the system and we can't do it in a timely fashion, then at least there is some basic level of service that we can provide.    So I think in an extended period of outage, you are still going to have power to certain areas. You are going to have a backbone of power. It may not be this town or that town. But I think, collectively, there will be ways to get resources available to the local towns and communities.    You know, to be quite frank, I was very skeptical when we started this Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, on whether the Federal Government was really going to be able to help us, as an industry, to restore power quicker. But I have been pleasantly surprised at the level of cooperation and collaboration that has gone on in the last 3 to 4 years. And there are simple things like providing fuel that we desperately needed during Hurricane Sandy to restore towns and communities in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.    And there are other things, like providing beds for crews that are coming from out of State. We were able to access barracks at the Department of Defense facilities. We were able to access portable generators. We were able to access experts in emergency response. So there are some things that the Federal Government can be very, very helpful for.    And I think, now that we have a playbook that really dictates who does what when, which was always my concern in a major event--who do I call, and are they going to be ready for that call--I can say that, from what I have seen so far, I believe we are more ready than we have ever been in the past, and we have a very good system and a playbook that we can go right down the line and have access--in this case, when we are talking about this committee--to cyber resources at the highest levels of the Federal Government.    Mr. Spence. I am not. In fact, Mr. Cauley and his team are also responsible, as part of their duties, to evaluate with very detailed modeling region by region, the impact of retirements of any sort on the grid of a major power station. So they have evaluated this multiple times, in fact, and have found that we continue to maintain an adequate reserve of capacity, should we see more retirements than actually forecast.    So, even with the forecasted retirements, which are many, particularly on the coal side, we still have adequate capacity to meet all of our projected needs for power.