    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the timeliness of this hearing. A few weeks ago I had a chance to visit the Republic of Korea, visit with our troops, and spend a few days around Christmas with our troops, also visiting with the Korean foreign secretaries, national security folks, et cetera.    I also had a chance to go up to the demilitarized zone and, you know, chat with our troops, see the Republic of Korea troops. The demilitarized zone is an oxymoron. This is one of the most heavily militarized zones in the world, and it is a constant reminder that we are in a cease fire. we are not in a state of peace.    You know, listening to the remarks of my colleagues, I think it is important for us to learn from what we have tried in the past, and so forth. But the conundrum is North Korea is not easy, and it will require a partnership with the countries in that region.    And, in many cases, we all land at the same place, that China really does have to take a leadership role here. China is the one country that does have some leverage with North Korea, but it will take a partnership between, you know, the Chinese Government, the Russians, Japan, our Korean allies, along with U.S. leadership, in order to address this.    It is in all of our interest to deescalate tensions, to try to bring North Korea into the 21st century. And the other goal that I think many Koreans have of seeing reunification, you know, it is not going to be easy. It will take world leadership. It will take the nations, along with the United States, in that region working together, but it can be done if we put our minds to it. And we have to; there is an urgency now, as indicated by the recent North Korean nuclear tests.    It is complicated, and, you know, the President talked about the threats that, you know, we face in the Middle East. But those are not threats to our very existence as a nation, and North Korea, with the hydrogen bomb, with ballistic missile and ICBM capabilities, are a threat to world stability, and we have got to direct this. There is the urgency of now.    And, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you to kind of navigate this path forward, and it is incredibly important.