    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Director Comey.    The Framers of our Constitution recognized a right to privacy that Americans would enjoy. The Fourth Amendment pretty much implies that right to privacy. Does it not?    Mr. Johnson. But it also grants impliedly to the government, the Fourth Amendment, the authority to search and seize when the search or seizure is reasonable. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. The Fourth Amendment says that the right of the people to be secure in their place, in their persons, housings, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated and no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation.    And what I am reading into the Fourth Amendment is that the people do have a right to privacy, have a right to be secure in their persons, housings, papers, and effects, but I am also reading into it an implied responsibility of the government to, on occasion, search and seize. Would that be your reading of it also?    Mr. Johnson. And, of course, upon probable cause. But there are some circumstances where, in a hot pursuit or at the time of an arrest, there's some exceptions that have been carved out to where a warrant is not always required to search and seize. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. Now, even in a situation where exigent circumstances exist, technology has now brought us to the point where law enforcement or the government is preempted from being able to search and seize. Is that correct? Technology has produced this result.    Mr. Johnson. Well, it's actually a zone of impunity, would it not be, a zone where bad things can happen and the security of Americans can be placed at risk?    Mr. Johnson. And that is the situation that we have with end-to-end encryption. Is that not correct?    Mr. Johnson. Now, you said that you were not a constitutional scholar, and neither am I, but does it seem reasonable that the Framers of the Constitution meant to exempt any domain from its authority to be able to search and seize if it's based on probable cause or some exigent circumstance allows for a search and seizure with less than a warrant and a showing of probable cause?    Mr. Johnson. So, from that standpoint, to be a strict constructionist about the Constitution and the Fourth Amendment, it's ridiculous that anyone would think that we would not be able to take our present circumstances and shape current law to appreciate the niceties of today's practical realities. I know I am rambling a little bit. But did you understand what I just said?    Mr. Johnson. Would you agree or disagree with me?    Mr. Johnson. Well, in prior times, we have been.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, and thank the witnesses for being here.    Mr. Vance, what's the difference between a company being ordered to use its best efforts--I think the language is--let's see--reasonable--an order--a court order requiring reasonable technical assistance. What's the difference between a court order requiring reasonable technical assistance to accomplish the bypassing or disabling of the auto-erase function versus a civil subpoena, or a court order pursuant to a subpoena, a motion to compel the delivery of information under that person's custody and control? Is there a difference?    Mr. Johnson. Because they are the only ones that can--a bank that received the cash would be the only entity in a position to submit a currency transaction with the court?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Now, Ms. Landau, is it your opinion that the government should not have the ability to compel Apple to use its best efforts to accomplish a technical feat? Is that your opinion?    Mr. Johnson. Because what Apple would do would inherently cause an insecurity in their system?    Mr. Johnson. So once Apple creates the code, then it makes it susceptible to being stolen and misused?    Mr. Johnson. So, therefore, Apple should not be required to comply with the court order?    Mr. Johnson. Yeah. Okay. And, Mr. Sewell, you would agree with that?    Mr. Johnson. Let me ask you a question. What about the security and the safety of those whose liberty can be taken and lives can be taken due to an ongoing security situation which the FBI is seeking to get access to information about? Is there an interest in the public security that we're talking about here?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    I yield back.