    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank Chairman Chabot for holding a second hearing today. This morning he joined me to hold a hearing on manufacturing at City Hall. It is not often that the committee holds two hearings in one day, let alone both in New York City. So for this, we are really grateful.    I also want to recognize Representative Meng, who has been a hardworking member of this committee and a true champion of small businesses. She has seized the opportunity to advocate for entrepreneurs here in Queens, and I am happy to work with her to examine these challenges.    With foreign trade on the rise, so are opportunities for small businesses. Here in New York, there are more than 40,000 exporters, and nearly 95 percent are small firms with fewer than 500 employees. While small in size, these companies have made a big impact, generating over three-fifths of New York's total exports. According to the Department of Commerce, exports alone supported 400,000 jobs in our state. Right here in Queens, exporting is critical. With a diverse economy and its close proximity to major transportation hubs, businesses in Queens are well situated to access international markets.    This hearing is particularly well timed. This morning the committee convened another hearing in Manhattan that examined the city's manufacturing base. Not surprisingly, it was made clear that foreign markets are essential to the success of our local businesses. While local businesses are making inroads abroad, they are not without challenges. Among these are the time it takes to identify foreign markets, target new customers, and learn the ins and outs of the exporting process. In fact, nearly half of small exporters spend a minimum of a few months a year as well as an average of 8.4 percent of their annual operating revenue preparing to export. Compounding this obstacle is that they often have fewer resources to expend on the developing trade strategy or complying with complex regulations.    Now that we are going to be voting on a trade agreement pretty soon, it is important that we discuss what tools are embedded in this trade agreement that will enable small exporters to benefit. We know, for example, that when we have a small business exporter doing business with one country, they only have one customer, so that is not enough. We need to see how the relevant agencies, whether it is SBA or the Department of Commerce, can invest resources to increase small business participation so that these businesses benefit with their foreign countries.    In order to help bridge this divide, there are several tools and resources available to small exporters. One key component is the U.S. Export Assistance Centers, which will fill a void by providing access to technical trade specialties in over 100 cities and 80 countries worldwide. By delivering foreign industry and market expertise as well as trade compliance assistance, these centers help small businesses navigate the complex terrain of the international marketplace.    To address some of these problems, the SBA and the Export-Import Bank provides small businesses specific export financing products. Last year, SBA loans generated $1.5 billion worth of small business exports while the Export-Import Bank authorized more than $3 billion in financing and insurance for small businesses. Although those numbers are good, we need to do better. If we know that more than 90 percent of all exporters are small businesses, we need those numbers to have a correlation to the number of small businesses.    International trade will always be a complex undertaking dependent on global macroeconomic trends as well as country-specific trade policies and resources. Regardless, it is critical entrepreneurs are able to compete in this marketplace.    I would like to thank Chairman Chabot and Representative Meng for holding this hearing in Queens and all the witnesses for being here today. I yield back. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Thank you for being here. Ms. Corsini, you know, we always hear that there are 28 million small businesses in this country, right? But many U.S. businesses do not consider foreign trade a priority. What do you think it takes to change that mindset?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Right. So information is power, right?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Pretty soon we are going to be voting on a trade deal with 12 countries. The way it is being sold is it is going to help America and American workers, and it is going to help small businesses. But the numbers do not match up.    We have a challenge here because it is not only the fear factor. The fear factor is triggered by processes and complexities of doing business with foreign countries. What can you do to help provide the type of information that is needed? What type of outreach do you do in order to bring the information to where those local businesses are located?    A lot of them, it is natural. We have so many immigrants that are entrepreneurs. How can we help link the possibilities that exist in those countries with the businesses here?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Well, you know what? In those communities----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. In terms of financing, I always say that access to capital is access to opportunity. And so, besides the programs that provide guaranteed loans, can you tell me the average size of the loans for small businesses?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I know. I would like to know in terms of the portfolio the average loan is for $250,000, $300,000?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Sure. Those are guaranteed, right?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Let me ask you another question, and maybe you could also comment.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Do you have any type of relationship with Ex-Im Bank?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Okay.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. You know that we went through a big fight to get the Ex-Im Bank reauthorized, right?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Many people accused the Ex-Im Bank of being a bank that basically promotes corporate America. There is a cap, at least a ceiling, of 20 percent of lending from Ex-Im Bank to small businesses. But that does not mean that they should not go beyond the 20 percent, and that is an area where we need to do a lot of work because the mission of the Ex-Im Bank is to provide the kind of lending that would allow for small businesses to compete overseas.    20 percent is still very low, and they did not achieve the 20 percent until 2014 after so much criticism coming from this lady here.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. We did not have funding.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Ms. Corsini, what are some ways that promotion programs can be improved? You are on the ground, you work with the businesses, you represent the programs. Is there anything that should be changed, modified, or fixed to make it more effective?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Or that could be more responsive to the needs of small businesses.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. But you do not think that by raising it it will put a burden on those small exporters that really would not need the $5 million or larger, because for the banks it is more profitable to make a $5 or $7 million rather----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. The same is true with 7(a)?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. The biggest gap that we have today is the smaller.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Is the smaller loans.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. When a bank makes a $5 million, they do not need a guarantee because that borrower does not represent risk----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. But do you not think that SBA has leverage when we provide 90 percent----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. This is not a legislative fix. This is using the power that you have, the leverage that you have when such a big volume of those loans, we provide the guarantee. That 90 percent should be a leverage for you to compel those same banks to make those smaller loans.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I am a member of the Financial Services Committee----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Let me ask you. In terms of geography----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Castano, how long have you been in the     Ms. VELAZQUEZ. How long?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. 3 years.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. We opened that SBDC in 1996 when President Clinton was in office, but it did not start out there. It started at Boricua College in Williamsburg. I am so glad. We are all very pleased with the work that you are doing.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.