    Mr. Ashe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ms. McCollum, subcommittee members. Thank you very much for the opportunity to be here with you today.    I will try to provide a little bit of context for where the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is today. When you think about the Fish and Wildlife Service, you should think about an organization where the heart and soul of the organization is in something that we collectively call the field. We are a decentralized organization. The core of the organization is in what we call our field structure, our field offices, national wildlife refuges, national fish hatcheries, ecological field services, field stations, and fish and wildlife conservation offices. These are the people, the women and men, of the Fish and Wildlife Service who make our success possible.    Mr. Calvert, Ms. McCollum, you both mentioned the situation at Malheur. I will speak to that just momentarily. We saw 41 days, beginning January 2, where we had something that was unimaginable really for us, an armed occupation of one of our Nation's national wildlife refuges.    I do believe, as you both have mentioned, that what we saw there in a way was amazing, where the community there, regardless of whether people felt sympathy for the motivations of the occupiers, they overwhelmingly rejected their methods and they said to them, we are working with the government in the context of a comprehensive conservation planning process at the refuge and in the context of candidate conservation agreements with assurances within Harney County, at large.    So we saw the benefits of that field structure, that engagement of local people and communities. That is what the $59 million increase, Mr. Chairman, that you mentioned, that $59 million will help us enrich and reinvigorate our field structure, so we can continue to produce that kind of success, that kind of community engagement that is the hallmark of the work of our people in the field.    You mentioned ESA. Of course, it is an important law, one of our Nation's bedrock environmental laws. It does not come without controversy, but I do believe we have shown we can make it work with the application of dollars you have thankfully provided us. We have seen recovery working by making strategic investment. We have seen cooperative and voluntary conservation working, as we saw in Technicolor with the sage-grouse refuges.    Again, you mentioned backlog and maintenance, but I think what we have shown with the National Wildlife Refuge System is we can grow the National Wildlife Refuge System. The refuge system has grown orders of magnitude larger than any other land management system during the last 8 years.    We have reduced our deferred maintenance backlog by nearly one-half, not whittled away at it. We have taken big chunks out of it. We have done that by strategically using the dollars that you gave us through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, and by tactically managing our maintenance backlog.    So we can see success. I think the urban refuge initiative that Ms. McCollum mentioned is one of the most exciting efforts within the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, to take wildlife conservation to our great urban centers, and build a new generation of conservationists that will help us solve problems like conservation of the Monarch butterfly.    We have been able, again with your help, to deal with our fish hatcheries system. And probably for the first time in the 4 years that I have testified before this committee, hatcheries and hatchery maintenance is probably not going to be a large part of the dialogue that we have here today, because we have worked, with your help, to put our National Fish Hatchery System on good footing. Again, the budget that we are presenting this year, particularly with regard to maintenance, will help us ensure that continues.    I do want to thank you. I want to thank you for the happy birthday wishes. Yesterday morning I was at Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge in Florida celebrating the 113th birthday of the National Wildlife Refuge System.    And again, thank you for the kind words that you have said about our people. When you think about that $59 million, please think about those people in the field, because that is what allows us to be successful.    Mr. Ashe. I do not know the answer to your question, Mr. Chairman. I think what I would tell you, and I know you do realize, is the Delta smelt is literally on the verge of extinction. The same is true for endangered salmon that NOAA Fisheries has principal responsibility for.    These fish are literally teetering on extinction. As you and I have discussed before, our population estimate for the Delta smelt is now a range estimated at 18,000 plus or minus 18,000, which means that we know there are some fish out there, but the population is literally teetering on the brink of extinction.    Mr. Ashe. Well, it is not working. Nothing that we are doing is working for the smelt.    The largest source of take and disturbance for the Delta smelt is pumping of water to meet human needs. That has been the principal focus of our efforts to date, because we have to do that in order to ensure the project operates.    We have used a lot of flexibility over the last 2 years to allow pumping to occur, but it is clear now that our use of that flexibility has not worked to the advantage of the fish. So we are just out of flexibility right now.    The law does not allow us to turn a blind eye to a species that is about to go extinct. So we are in a situation, Mr. Chairman, where we just have no flexibility. That is a difficult place to be. I know it is challenging for you personally, as it is for me.    Mr. Ashe. What I can do is get you a timeline for completion of those plans. We do have at least one fish hatchery that is capable of producing Delta smelt, and I believe is producing Delta smelt. So we have capacities that are available to serve as refuges for the population in the event that that is necessary.    Mr. Ashe. We do not have a mandate to conserve striped bass, so we are not----    Mr. Ashe. Sure. Striped bass prey on all lifestages of Delta smelt. They are voracious predators. Largemouth bass is an introduced species also, a great predator of smelt and other species.    But, again, our biologists do not see that as a limiting factor in terms of Delta smelt population and recovery at the population level. They do not see predation as a significant limiting factor. The most significant factor is the operation of the California State and Federal water projects.    Mr. Ashe. Right.    Mr. Ashe. That is a high priority.    Mr. Ashe. Thank you. I am glad to hear you say that. I think we are close to a solution. I think we will get there.    Mr. Ashe. Thank you. Actually, AADAP is a good example. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is, at this point in time skin, bone and muscle. There is nothing left. So every time we talk about reducing something, it is significant.    AADAP is one of those things that is very, very important to not just the Fish and Wildlife Service in our hatchery capacity, but to our State counterparts running hatcheries, and to private aquaculture industry. They provide a very vital service.    So you think a $400,000 effort, well, maybe we can get rid of that, but it is like everything else. You pull on a thread and everything starts to unravel.    I think we are actually in a good place with AADAP. We have raised the fees for participation, and we got a little bit of grumbling about that, but I think the community, at large, realizes we are all in this together. So the $400,000 in base funding the committee provides us with, in combination with the increase in fees, has put the AADAP program on a good footing.    We have a good balance there, and we are going to be able to maintain and expand the capacity in AADAP in the coming years.    Mr. Ashe. I would say that, in the committee's broader responsibilities, the Food and Dr. g Administration has been helpful in providing some grant funding for AADAP as well. So continuing that support through FDA is going to be an important ingredient in success in the future.    Mr. Ashe. Sure. I believe we have an increase, $1.5 million for the National Fish Passage Program.    We had a signature success with the Penobscot River in Maine. I would say that is the key ingredient, where we strategically used our funds in the State of Maine with the Penobscot Tribe and the Nature Conservancy, and other people coming to the table to open 1,500 river miles to fish that previously could not get there.    So great, great opportunities exist for us to replicate that success on a big scale, like the Penobscot, and on a small drainage scale. The Service has developed engineering capability. We have fish passage engineers that are coming out of schools, like the University of Massachusetts Amherst.    It is a great opportunity to restore fisheries on a large scale. And this program is the catalyst that often helps bring people together to provide key stimulus.    The increase we have requested for this year is very important for building upon that success.    Mr. Ashe. Public statements from officials like Governor Butch Otter were very important. He made some public statements, saying that we all have grievances, but this is not the way to prosecute your grievances. Having statements like that from very responsible public officials certainly helped.    Mr. Ashe. That is pretty true.    Mr. Ashe. I think we have, but your point is well-taken.    Mr. Ashe. Correct.    Mr. Ashe. We originally proposed the delisting based upon our review of the science and our conclusion that wolves were recovered. What Congress did in that case was direct us to republish our rule, and waive the judicial review.    Mr. Ashe. The Fish and Wildlife Service proposed a rule to delist wolves range-wide. I will just say it was roundly criticized.    Mr. Ashe. We have gone back to the drawing board. I only have so many people to put on so many things. So my view on wolves is that we are in a pickup truck that is in the mud up to the running boards. I cannot go forward. I cannot go backward. I have no good option. And I have other more important things to work on.    We are at a point with wolves where it is manageable. The States are doing a good job. I realize that is not a good answer for particularly a State like Wyoming, where we have endangered wolves. Fortunately, for Wyoming, they are in the 10(j), the experimental segment of the population, so we have some management flexibilities.    We now have wolves moving into the Western part of Oregon and Washington where they are fully endangered, fully protected wolves. That presents a challenge.    Mr. Ashe. They do.    The wolf population is robust. We have about 1,700 wolves in the Rocky Mountain portion of the range, which is about the same number of wolves as we had when we delisted them. So the States are doing a good job of managing that population.    The range of wolves is increasing. They have been moving west into Oregon and Washington, and into Northern California. So we have a bigger range for wolves than we had when we delisted them.    We have more wolves, because now we have I think 130 or so wolves in Washington and Oregon.    So the population continues to grow. The range continues to grow. The States are responsibly managing them. We continue to believe that wolves are recovered, both in the Rocky Mountains and in the Great Lakes, and no longer warrant the protections of the Endangered Species Act.    We are appealing judicial decisions in Wyoming and in the Great Lakes. We expect to prevail. So right now, that is our principal course, to press the legal case forward.    Mr. Ashe. I would say the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is the natural resource management agency that has the greatest breadth of experience in dealing with mitigation. What we announced a couple weeks ago was a modification to our mitigation policy. Our mitigation policy was written in 1981, when I was a graduate student at the University of Washington in Seattle.    It is an update of that policy, which provides us a kind of broader cast, so we can look at mitigation opportunities on a landscape scale rather than a project scale. I think that provides us with much more flexibility and discretion to work with the project applicants and to leverage mitigation efforts so that we are achieving success on a bigger scale.    I think it is very consistent with where we are with sage-grouse and lesser prairie chicken and other species.    It will empower a new generation of work with industry that I think will help us manage at the project scale. With species like golden eagle or bald eagle, we can more easily permit activities at a local scale, but do mitigation on a broader scale, so that we are actually achieving better results for the species.    It is an update of an existing policy. It is something that we have had substantial experience with, and I think the policy will take us to a better place.    Mr. Ashe. Our most important need is what I was talking about before, field capacity. People in the field and scientific capacity are needed so we can better understand questions at the genetic scale.    The increases we have asked for recovery, for instance, for cooperative conservation, for science applications, and particularly for this issue, consultations, those are the capacities that we are going to need.    I think we are making progress. We are getting the biological opinions done. We have been working with NOAA Fisheries on this task, and we expect to have biological opinions in place for five watersheds this spring. In April, they will be able to do stocking.    I think we are making progress and will continue to make progress. But that field capacity is critical for us, particularly I would say in this area, the recovery, cooperative conservation, and science applications. Those are the ingredients of success for this effort.    Mr. Ashe. Yes. What I would like to do is come talk to you personally about what we can envision going forward. What I am told is that we will see five watersheds where we will see stocking in April.    So that is success. We need to build upon that.    I will go back and get a forecast looking forward, especially if we get the dollars we are asking for, on what we can expect in terms of additional success.    Mr. Ashe. Yes, I agree.    Mr. Ashe. I agree.    Mr. Ashe. I think we can. I want to say thank you for your personal leadership and engagement on this. I think it has made a difference. Like everything, I think we had people on both sides who were maybe stuck in a bit of rut on this issue.    I think the lawsuit has, unfortunately, stalled progress. We are appealing that decision. We expect to win.    What we are working on in the meantime is a general conservation plan. I think with continued help from the State of Utah, we will resolve this. I will see Greg Sheehan later today at a meeting in Pittsburgh. We will be talking to Greg about how we can best position ourselves so that we and the State of Utah, and hopefully the counties in the range of the prairie dog, can work together in a positive way.    We are committed to moving forward with the prairie dog and to working with those local communities. We need a little bit of help. Again, your engagement has been a very positive influence on that. I hope my engagement has been on the Fish and Wildlife Service side. I think we can continue to move into a good direction.    Mr. Ashe. Well, the Endangered Species Act does protect foreign species, like elephant and rhino and tiger. We use the U.S. influence in trade to ensure that our actions are not undermining conservation in foreign countries.    The Mexican wolf is an example of a species that----    Mr. Ashe. That goes cross-border. So, historically, we basically extirpated wolves. Now we are bringing them back.    In the U.S., wolves operate as what biologists call a meta-population. One large population with different sub-species that intermixed.    I think it is probably correct that what we now call the Mexican wolf, their principal range was in Mexico and extended into Arizona and New Mexico to some extent. They probably ranged up into and intermixed with what we now call Rocky Mountain wolves. Where that mixing zone was, we really do not know.    As we craft a recovery plan, we need to understand the science of wolves better.    We are not proposing to reintroduce wolves into Utah.    Mr. Ashe. The Mexican wolf. Well, any wolf, really.    We will need to sit down with the States to develop a recovery plan cooperatively.    I have asked the States not to come with preconditions. I am not coming with any preconditions. You should not come with any preconditions. We should look at the science of the wolf.    And right now what we have is an agreement to move toward a population of up to 325 wolves, and their range would be south of Interstate 40. We have an agreement that if wolves go north of Interstate 40, that we will go and recover them.    So that is where we are today. We are asking Colorado and Utah to sit down with us, along with New Mexico and Arizona, to develop a long-term recovery plan.    Mr. Ashe. I think the collaboration on Asian carp has really been one of the unheralded successes of the past decade between the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, EPA, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Geological Survey, and the States involved. There has been enormous cooperation to mobilize efforts to restrict the range of these prolific fish.    It is a formidable challenge.    I recently asked our deputy regional director, Charlie Wooley, who is our expert, if he really thought that we were going to be able to keep Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. That is, ultimately, the principal objective. He confidently says yes.    So eDNA is a critical tool for us. It is helping not just detect carp but learn things about fish and how they move. Expanding our ability to use eDNA markers on black carp is one of the next important steps, so that we cover the suite of all the Asian carp species, and we can use that eDNA to its greatest potential.    The subcommittee has been very helpful in providing us with funding to support this effort. I think the collaboration is important and generates the ability for us, especially in the science applications arena, to provide key support to our State partners. Over the last several years, we provided over $800,000 in support for our State partners to do scientific and mobilization work. That capacity is important.    The new tools that you talk about, like this kind of mixed noise technology, acoustic barriers, electronic barriers, and sensor technology, is similar to pit tags in hatchery fish. We can use pit tags to detect the fish as they pass by a detection sensor.    We think applying these new techniques could be helpful to Asian carp prevention as well.    Again, the funding to do that, the science to support it, so that we are doing the analysis as we go, is very important.    Mr. Ashe. Good to see you, Mr. Amodei.    Mr. Ashe. The Nevada Department of Wildlife is an outstanding wildlife conservation organization, and they are led by an outstanding individual, Tony Wasley.    Mr. Ashe. So the answer, of course, is all of the above.    Mr. Ashe. You mean NDOW.    Mr. Ashe. I will see Tony later today and tomorrow, and I will be happy to talk to Tony about that.    The original stronghold maps, what we called strongholds, came from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.    Mr. Ashe. We had delineated priority habitat, what in the COT report was delineated as priority areas for conservation of the sage-grouse. We took a subset of that. We looked for large, contiguous, connected expanses of habitat. We looked at where there was principal Federal ownership. We looked at breeding. We looked at bird density and breeding densities to come up with what we called the best of the best. This is the very best of the best habitat.    Mr. Ashe. Correct.    Mr. Ashe. Professionals often do disagree. I do not think, though, that we disagree with NDOW about the substance of the maps. We might disagree on the peripheries, but I do not believe that we are in substantial disagreement with NDOW about whether what we mapped as the strongholds represents the best of the best habitat. I do not believe that.    Mr. Ashe. They definitely modified it.    Mr. Ashe. Between the time that we published the stronghold maps and when BLM took them into consideration in the completion of their plans, people were asking questions. People were asking questions about areas that were on the peripheries of the maps, whether they needed to be included. People were asking questions about whether some areas that were included were actually high-priority habitat. People were looking at the maps and asking if they could make adjustments.    Mr. Ashe. NDOW, yes.    Mr. Ashe. They asked BLM to modify them.    Mr. Ashe. They did.    Mr. Ashe. They did.    Mr. Ashe. I would say that is a simplification, but it is basically right. The strongholds were a key facet in our decision to get to a ``not warranted'' determination. That is because we could look at the habitat, and we could look into the foreseeable future, and we could see that these strongholds, the sage-grouse focal areas, would be protected and sage-grouse would persist in a large, connected, contiguous piece of the Western landscape.    Mr. Ashe. I can just say when you think about strongholds, or sage-grouse focal areas, you should first see a map in your mind's eye that is priority habitat. Our opening salvo in the discussion with BLM was priority habitat needs to be protected. We need to know there is going to be no disturbance of priority habitat.    BLM came back and said that was too big of a bite, can you shrink that down? So we said we would take a look at that.    To build sage-grouse focal areas, we started with priority habitat and then we picked from that the highest quality habitat and put the strongest protections on this habitat, because we have to maintain it. So strongholds, sage-grouse focal areas, are a subset of what we originally identified as priority habitat.    Mr. Ashe. There was a map. We had maps that depicted priority habitat, general habitat, and non-habitat.    Mr. Ashe. The 3 million----    Mr. Ashe. I do not know. I can find out the answer to that question. We could break out the sage-grouse focal areas into priority habitat, general habitat, and non-habitat.    It would almost entirely be priority habitat. But at a small scale there is some general habitat, and there is some non-habitat, because we built contiguous blocks around the best of the best.    So that means there are some little pieces within that contiguous block that would be general habitat, and some that might provide no habitat. But what we needed from the strongholds was a contiguous block. So the vast majority of that is going to be priority habitat.    Mr. Ashe. We have had years' worth of kind of discussions with OSM about stream buffer protection, so yes, is the general answer to your question, we have been involved with OSM. I would need to get back to you in terms of the specific role that we have played. I can do that for the record, or I can see if there is someone here who can answer it more fully for you now.    Mr. Ashe. Gary Frazer is our Assistant Director for Ecological Services. He can give you a good answer to that right now.    Mr. Ashe. Right. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, with direction from the committee, provides $7 million a year, roughly, to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, which fuels their larger grantmaking program. We do not put conditions on that money.    The Fish and Wildlife Foundation has a multiyear history working with Walmart in the Acres for America program. They have recently gotten Walmart to expand that program, to about $20 million over 5 years.    The foundation is a catalyst, where we provide funding, the foundation brings in private capital to match that funding, and then drives natural resource restoration projects. It has been working very well nationwide, but specifically in West Virginia, it is a great example of success. Our partnership with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation delivers a lot of conservation.    For instance, on Monarch butterflies, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation has provided a multiplier effect. We put $1.2 million into the Fish and Wildlife Foundation in discretionary dollars. They got Monsanto Corporation to match that. And then just 2 weeks ago, they got a $6.3 million grant from the Natural Resources Conservation Service.    They tend to be a force multiplier that brings additional resources to the table.    Mr. Ashe. In the last 2 years, we have had significant budget increases, principally for law enforcement. The subcommittee has been very committed to providing support for that effort. We now have four law enforcement agents stationed in U.S. embassies in Tanzania; in Botswana; in Lima, Peru; and in Bangkok, Thailand. Soon we will have our fifth law enforcement agent in the Beijing Embassy.    With the increase the subcommittee provided for this current fiscal year, we anticipate four additional law enforcement liaisons, hopefully in Jakarta, Indonesia, and perhaps Mexico City.    So I think we will be able to continue that. The small increase we have for this year will increase our capacity and allow us to gauge the impact that these liaisons are having. I think it is an important strategic pause at this point, because it is expensive for us to put agents in U.S. embassies. This year will give us an opportunity to continue to build it out, so that we will have a field of nine international attaches, and then do some assessment.    We are already seeing a great payoff from this. Having eyes and ears on the ground, people that are able to build trust-based relationships with counterparts internationally, has already shown great benefits. I expect that we will be able to show the subcommittee substantial improvement, and then hopefully in subsequent years, see additional increases that will take advantage of Ms. Meng's provision.    Mr. Ashe. Your support and your advocacy both here and on the foreign operations committees, and the President's strategy to combat wildlife trafficking, has had immense effect. In fact, we now have a wildlife trafficking team in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. We have the Department of Defense, AFRICOM, providing training support for range states in Africa. We have USAID engagement to help build community-based efforts within the range states.    So, yes, Mr. Chairman, the access to intelligence is a big force multiplier. That effort is just now beginning.    Again, I would say that we have seen really great cooperation and it is going to pay dividends. The same people that are trafficking in wildlife are trafficking in drugs and arms and, in some cases, human trafficking.    Sometimes, as we have seen in other venues, when we find wildlife traffickers, it is an avenue into a prosecution of people for much more heinous crimes.    Mr. Ashe. Yes, it is a key deficiency that I hope we will be able to address on our side of the equation by increased fees to support our wildlife inspectors at key ports and entry points in the U.S. That will help us both with the legal trade and the illegal trade.    We have a key partnership emerging with Customs and Border Protection, they are providing us with a pilot to get access to the International Trade Data System. That is going to be of immense importance to us, so that our people have the ability to see manifests. So we will not be doing a shotgun approach anymore looking for stuff coming across the border. We will be able to focus our law enforcement efforts, because we will know who is shipping what where and when.    So that is a key partnership. Customs and Border Protection and Department of Homeland Security have been very, very supportive and enthusiastic about the effort.    Mr. Ashe. I think the ones where we are putting people are the ones where we see the greatest liability and potential.    Mr. Ashe. Vietnam is I think a big gap. All the demand countries, really, and the transit countries. Mozambique is a huge liability. The Port of Mombasa is a huge liability. States where there are destabilized governments present great challenges for us.    But it is also a challenge to put somebody in that environment. We have to learn how to better support our agents. I do not want to grow too quickly that we create liability for ourselves.    So I think we are in a good place right now. You provided great support. Let us stretch our legs a little bit and take advantage of some of the force multipliers in intelligence and other arenas. Again, I would expect for the Fish and Wildlife Service to be proposing additional increases in the future.    Mr. Ashe. It is always a challenge to talk about this. When we say salvage, the salvage is an indicator. What the project does is pull water out of the Delta. We sample for fish. When we catch fish in our sampling, it means that entrainment is happening, meaning fish are being pulled into the project.    The 12 fish that are salvaged are representative of thousands of fish and larvae of fish that are being pulled into the project.    Mr. Ashe. It is a lot. It is a river.    Mr. Ashe. Not that I know of, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ashe. It is possible.    Mr. Ashe. If I could, on the critical habitat question, our activities and our biological opinions on Delta smelt are not being driven by adverse modification of critical habitat. I would set critical habitat aside, because I would tell you fairly, if we were going to spend more time and effort on critical habitat, it would not be helpful. It would divert our effort away from the main issue, which is take of the species. So I would set critical habitat aside.    With regard to the Endangered Species Committee, which is colloquially called the God Squad, under the Endangered Species Act, there are three bodies who can convene the God Squad, the action agency, in this case that is the Bureau of Reclamation; a State Governor, the Governor of California; or a private applicant, in this case, there is not a private applicant for a permit.    The Endangered Species Committee would appropriately be convened either by the Bureau of Reclamation or the Governor of the State of California.    Mr. Ashe. The law envisions it. It is a facet of the law. I would say, Mr. Chairman, as we have discussed, it would be appropriate to consider it, except from a process standpoint, the Endangered Species Committee is supposed to be convened when you have a biological opinion without reasonable and prudent alternatives, and we do not have that right now. We do not have a situation where that exists.    But your point is well-taken. We are at a position where we have a species that is on the verge of extinction. We are racking our brains on a daily basis to try to figure out how to make the project work and not have the species blink out. We are at a very tenuous place.    Mr. Ashe. You have. I know. And you have been thoughtful.    Mr. Ashe. I have not had personal experience with the Endangered Species Committee, but we are at a place where something has to be different. I mean, we, the Fish and Wildlife Service, we are not helping the Delta smelt. The project today is not helping the Delta smelt. It is not satisfying, certainly, the farmers or the water users in California.    So we find ourselves between that proverbial rock and a hard spot.    But the law does not allow me, as I said before, to turn a blind eye and allow a species go extinct.    Mr. Ashe. The law allows the Endangered Species Committee to do that. It does not allow me to do that.    Mr. Ashe. It is a reasonable consideration.    Mr. Ashe. I am frustrated.    Mr. Ashe. Thank you for being thoughtful about it, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your good questions.    I do think the Endangered Species Committee is in the law for a reason. It is a reasonable question for you to ask: have we arrived at a place where we should convene the Endangered Species Committee? It is the only forum that the law provides to balance the benefits to a species against economic and other forces.    In designating critical habitat, we can make balancing decisions. But when the existence of a species hangs in the balance, the Endangered Species Committee is what the law envisions.    Mr. Ashe. It is.    Mr. Ashe. The $100 million for Gulf restoration, was directed to the North American Wetlands Conservation Fund by the court in the criminal settlement, and the $2.5 billion was directed to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation. Billions of dollars will be directed through the RESTORE Act process and through the natural resource damage settlement.    The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service plays a key role. I will pick just one aspect of that.    I just attended a National Fish and Wildlife Foundation board meeting this week in San Francisco, and we are funding grants from that $2.5 billion. A big part of those dollars are going to Louisiana for big public works projects, and the Mississippi River diversion. This includes a physical infrastructure project. We are funding huge gates in the levees that when water rises will divert it out of the main channel to take sediment into the marshes and restore those marshes that have been eroding.    That is a huge public works project. We have to work on the planning and design of those projects. We have to work on environmental compliance, for endangered species or Clean Water Act Section 404, and other compliance for that project.    If we do not, the project will not happen. So we have a responsibility, and we have to fulfill it. The money that went to NFWF came with the direction to NFWF that they cannot use it to support overhead or administration, it can only go to on-the-ground projects.    And our colleagues in the State of Louisiana and Alabama and Mississippi and Florida are in the same position. We have to fund our role in that process.    The same is true for RESTORE. When Congress passed the RESTORE Act, they said that the money cannot be used for administration. So we have to pay for our participation. Billions and billions of dollars are going to be hanging in the balance. We have an obligation to support the restoration.    That is why we have asked the committee for $3 million more to support our Gulf of Mexico function. I think it is appropriate. It is necessary, and we do not have another avenue--the avenue for us to get our overhead expenses has been foreclosed.    Mr. Chair, this is something that our staff should work with Fish and Wildlife to explore a little more and see if we can talk to our colleagues and reach a common-ground, common-sense solution on this.    Mr. Ashe. Thank you for your help. I would point out to you that these are not fictitious--these are costs that we are incurring now. I actually have an office in the Gulf of Mexico. I have had to do that, because I have to support these projects.    We built it into our budget, which is responsible, I think, on our part. So we have done what we always do. We take it from elsewhere. It is not a reprogramming, because the money keeps its color. It is refuge money or ecological services money depending on how it is spent. It would be irresponsible for the Fish and Wildlife Service not to fulfill its----    Mr. Ashe. Thank you.    Mr. Ashe. As I said, the BLM's original EIS looked only at priority habitat. So the focal areas were a subset of priority habitat.    Mr. Ashe. Stillwater?    Mr. Ashe. It could be me.    Mr. Ashe. For the future, not for the Burmese python, but the best way for the future is prevention, like we are trying to do with the Great Lakes, to keep them from getting there the first place. I think that is the most important lesson.    But you will see pythons in the Everglades, I am sure they will capture one. They are incredible creatures. They really are. They are what biologists call cryptic. They are hard to find, because they make their living by hiding and grabbing things that come by.    You can walk right by them and not even know they are there. I actually love snakes.    Mr. Ashe. These snakes are scary. But in their rightful place, they are amazing creatures. In the Everglades, they are incredibly disruptive, so you are going to see firsthand how an invasive species harms conservation. We are spending billions of dollars on Everglades restoration and then a species like this comes in and really puts that investment at risk.    So, yes, you will see firsthand the struggles of people in the field dealing with invasive species. The best way to deal with it is prevention, keeping it from happening in the first place.    Mr. Ashe. Too late for that, that is right. But there is lots of innovation going on using dogs, using infrared technology, using improved detection devices like Ms. McCollum was talking about with Asian carp.    We are learning how to better deal with them in the future.