    Mr. Clawson. Thank you for coming, you all, today. I also pass along my best to the folks that work with y'all. They got a real tough job. Democracy is messy on Capitol Hill, and so the circumstances are difficult. So my full respect and appreciation for what y'all do.    When I think about terrorists coming out of a dangerous part of the world like this and what is going on over there, I always think to Turkey. Honorable Mr. Rasmussen, you mentioned it, I think, earlier in your comments. On the one hand, Turkey has a proud history, a secular history. They got how many thousands of terrorists go to the Aegean Sea every year, manufacturing product going out of Ismir back to Europe, and a member of NATO.    So you would think, on the one hand, these folks ought to be motivated to get things under control here with respect to the highway of tourists. On the other hand, I read about hostage exchanges with ISIL. There has been a long history, as you know, of problems with the Kurds. Also, it almost feels like there is ambivalence with respect to the violence on the border--I mean, on the border, with a war going on.    It doesn't feel to me like we can solve this problem over there, and therefore, over here without pinning down where Turkey really is. I don't know where they are. If we can't get an ally who is a member of NATO to help us in the region, I am not sure what we could expect from anybody else.    So I--you know, I am befuddled on where this is going and how we could ever have success without Turkey, and I am really interested in what you have to say about that.    Mr. Clawson. How do we take the next step, or is that purely a State Department issue at this point?    Mr. Clawson. Well, we will push this in Foreign Affairs Committee, as well, because it seems that if we speak about a broad coalition to take on global terrorism and we don't have a fully committed Turkey on one bookend, and the other bookend is Syria, for God's sakes, you know, what are we really doing here?    So I appreciate y'all's comments, and I think until you get full cooperation from the Turks, this is going to be a real uphill battle, in my view.    I yield back.