    Mr. HANNA. Thank you, Chairman.    The tax cap that you spoke of, Mr. Mihm, and everybody alluded to in one way or another, I would like to talk to you about the underground economy and the propensity for it to grow over time through difficulty in the tax code and what you see on the ground. It is a concern to a lot of people. I mean, there are all kinds of incentives not to pay your taxes. One of them is other people are not. In the aggregate nature of the 1099s and collecting credit cards, that is pretty subjective. It certainly can be. I am curious how it is fair.    And Mr. Williamson, one of the problems with going from five to 10 on a cash basis, and what the IRS does now is if you buy inventory on a cash basis, then basically, you are mixing your accrual system with your cash system.    So Mr. Mihm, if you could address my question about the underground economy and its growth. If you are prepared to do that a little bit, or anybody who would like to.    Mr. HANNA. Do you have any idea? How could anyone have an idea what that is? But do you have one?    Mr. HANNA. But so much happens with compliance on the margin.    Mr. HANNA. Virtually everything, right?    Mr. HANNA. So marginally, difficulty with filing, as Mr. Williamson talked about, the cash basis, which is certainly easier, what do you think that looks like today?    Mr. HANNA. But is that not part of the problem?    Mr. HANNA. I mean, because what you are really doing is you are sending a message that you are incentivizing smaller taxpayers' amounts of money because you are only after those people where the money is. Right? Willie Sutton.    Mr. HANNA. But when you look at the aggregate number, you mentioned $450 billion, that would draw you towards an opposite conclusion. It might.    Mr. HANNA. So even though the money is not there, the value of going after those people who fall completely under the radar, not paying at all, the underground economy, there is value in that?    Mr. HANNA. Mr. Williamson, how do you reconcile, if you got to 5 to 10 on a cash basis and get rid of accrual for everybody under that, how do you reconcile--and I have got about 38 seconds--the inventory?    Mr. HANNA. But are you not giving bonus depreciation to everything that used to be called inventory?    Mr. HANNA. Thank you. My time is expired.    Mr. HANNA. Mr. Williamson, I will get back to your cash basis.    How do you manage? I mean, we know even if you are on accrual now, you are on accrual. It does not matter the size necessarily. I mean, the $5 million point for cash. But how can you--how do you avoid cheating on your--by essentially buying inventory, growing your business, or maybe that is what you want to happen. How do you----    Mr. HANNA. Right. Right. But I mean does it not become manipulative if you are essentially, with 179, you are saying go out and buy a piece of equipment, which may or may not be good. You have to hope the owner does that smartly. On the other hand, you could conjecture that the same thing would happen with inventory simply to avoid paying taxes. But I guess that is part of your point, is it not?    Mr. HANNA. What you are suggesting though is ultimately it works itself out.    Mr. HANNA. Over time, whether you do something more one year or not as much the next year, over a period of time----    Mr. HANNA. I understand.    Mr. HANNA. Mr. Mihm, do you want to speak to that at all?    Mr. HANNA. So with the IRS cutting back on their budget, I mean, it really is kind of, you know, everyone here has complaints with the IRS for one reason or another. But back to the 1099-K, I am guessing, Mr. Mankowski, that you do not like it that much. You do not like aggregating, turning a lot of it into guesswork, comparing businesses on the aggregate, and then coming up with conclusions that this person or that person, company or not, has complied or not?    Mr. HANNA. The ones being like Dragnet. You throw this giant net in the water and some people deserve to be caught, others do not.    Mr. HANNA. But everybody may be inconvenienced based on some subjective notion that the IRS has about the general idea of what that business ought to be paying or this business.    Mr. HANNA. I am going to take a rare moment to defend the IRS. If you were them and your budget was going down every year, this would be exactly what you would want to try to do, to aggregate businesses based on numbers from 1099s, come up with broad conclusions about who is good and who is bad.    Mr. HANNA. Right. And if the IRS published those numbers I suppose it would be another problem, what they are looking for, what they are not looking for.    My time is expired. Thank you, Chairman.