    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Been a lot of discussion about whether or not there are shortages or not or--I think a couple things I want to make sure we focus on. Thirteen of twenty-three critical facilities were found by the IG to be below the facility's planning staffing range. And two of these facilities are Chicago TRACON and Chicago O'Hare Tower, which are below the minimum level for CPCs. So we are talking about some of the busiest terminal airspace in the entire world.    Now, in the Chicago TRACON/Chicago Center O'Hare Tower, the percentage of retirement-eligible controllers ranged from 43 to 50 percent. So, clearly, we see problems right now, and certainly issues in the future with having shortages. I have great concerns about what has been done with the changes to the system for hiring controllers. I know that I have one of the best CTI schools in the country in my district, Lewis University in Romeoville. Professor Bill Parrot is here today. We talked about this yesterday.    I want to point out that there is a 2013 report by the FAA Civil Aerospace Medical Institute that said, ``Based on training performance, a preference for CTI graduates over general applications seems warranted.'' And another in 2014 that said, ``Overall, larger proportions of CTI hires achieved professional controller status than the general public hires.''    Now, I know that in--you know, hiring procedures were changed in 2013. There was an alarming increase in the number of academy failures in 2015. So it just seems common sense to me, as others have noted, that it is common sense to hire from CTI graduates and veterans first.    So, Ms. Bristol, can you tell me how veterans and CTI graduates' performance and training compares with those from the general population?    Mr. Lipinski. OK. I would very much like to see that, because it seems like something we would want to know, especially when we see this increase in academy failures. And we want to know who is performing best, and really is succeeding in the process.    Now, I want to associate myself with Mr. Hultgren's comments when he spoke before this panel. We need to figure this out. We cannot have--I understand that because of the current and coming potential shortages of air traffic controllers we don't want to slow the system down. But we have to get at how we do this best to keep our aviation safe. We need to get at a lot of those things Mr. Hultgren talked about. We need to get under--back--we need to understand the alleged cheating that went on to know what happened there.    I think Mr. Hultgren's bill that I worked with him on, H.R. 1964, is the best way to go about doing this. I am also a cosponsor of Mr. Curbelo's and Mr. Maloney's bill, although one of the reasons Mr. Hultgren laid out there I think his bill is--I prefer that bill. But we need to do a much better job here.    One question I want to ask, and there is probably not any information on it. I am not sure if it is directly related to what we are talking about here. But, Ms. Bristol, around midnight on June 4th an incoming commercial flight was unable to reach air traffic controllers in Chicago Midway Tower. The flight diverted to Milwaukee, and two other incoming flights were directed to enter holding patterns until communications were reestablished.    Now, during this time the crews remained in contact with TRACON in Elgin, so it wasn't a--you know, any direct safety issue. But I wanted to know if the FAA has determined the cause of this communications difficulty.    Mr. Lipinski. It is, obviously, very, very critical that we get to the bottom of this incident and also--but getting back, we need to make sure--I want to find the answer to the question about how the CTI and veterans perform. And with that I will yield back.