    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I thank you all for being here and discussing this critically important topic.    Like my colleague, the gentlelady from California, I too was struck by what I thought was a lot of similarities between what you are experiencing on campuses and what we are experiencing within the military, which in and of itself is experiencing an epidemic of military sexual assault.    And, both Dr. Rue and Ms. Scaduto, in your comments you talked about things that are very similar: not straightforward or easy to resolve; do not involve force or attacks by strangers but between individuals who are acquainted; questions about effective consent; word-on-word conflicts may not be reported for days, weeks, months; and where the survivor has the right to choose a path within the wake of an incident, some reporting on campus or some to law enforcement, similar to the military restricted and unrestricted reports, where in a restricted report it is not referred to law enforcement but allows the victim to partake of the supportive services necessary to help them heal.    Question I have is, one, amongst anybody, has there been any review of what perhaps might be best practices developed within the military, realizing that we are not fully there yet either, but any best practices that might have been implemented in the military's response to this epidemic of sexual assault that may have application into what is being done on campuses?    Mr. Heck. Thank you.    Mr. Heck. Thank you.    A question for my own edification: So if a victim on a campus chooses not to report to law enforcement but comes to the campus authorities to receive the supportive services, does that automatically then result in that case going forward for a disciplinary hearing on a college campus?    Mr. Heck. Great. So as a father of three, one who--a daughter who is a graduate of college, a daughter who is a junior, and a son who just started his freshman year, I thank you all for what you are doing to try--trying to make our campuses a safer place.    Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Dr. Heck.    Mr. DeSaulnier, you are next.