    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    For the past few months, Republicans have insisted on a witch hunt based entirely on highly edited, misleading videos, videos that were released by a fraudulent organization that is now facing legal problems in both State and Federal courts. And then, when their own investigation failed to produce a single shred of evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, Republicans doubled down and introduced these incredibly harmful bills.    And don't be fooled by the claim that these bills are about protecting infants. It is clear that their true purpose is to eliminate Planned Parenthood. And whether or not you agree with abortion, it is constitutionally protected and a choice that should be only made by women and their doctors, not politicians. But because Republicans can't overturn Roe v. Wade, they try every other way possible to erode this fundamental right. They try to cut off funding to the clinics that provide abortions, criminalize doctors that perform abortions, restrict access for millions of women every year.    Let me just end with a comment by a women from Illinois: ``When I was sexually assaulted, I didn't know who to turn to for help. As the trauma I experienced during that event built up, I knew I needed to seek help, and I was encouraged to go to Planned Parenthood, and for $10 received a full health screening and help coping with my trauma.'' That is what Planned Parenthood is about.    I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. The questions I would like to ask, Mr. Chairman, whether the committee majority is in possession of the unedited--you claim these are unedited, although the music behind the person I am sure wasn't a part of the scene--from the Center for Medical Progress. A number of our committee members have been quoted in the press as having seen the videos before they were released to the public, and others have referred to the existence of thousands of hours of additional tapes. Is any member of the committee, Mr. Chairman, in possession of any of the unedited videos from the Center for Medical Progress?    Ms. Schakowsky. Has any member of the committee majority received any documents from the Center for Medical Progress?    Ms. Schakowsky. The question I was asking, has any member of the committee majority received any documents from the Center for Medical Progress?    Mr. Schakowsky. OK. I want to just make a couple of things clear.    You know, this is a very, very emotional issue. The issue of abortion is at the heart of this. And I just want to say that when Roe v. Wade passed it was not the beginning of abortions in the United States of America. It was the end of women dying from abortions. Abortions are legal because women will continue to have abortions and make their own decisions. So that is where I am coming from. I want to be clear about that.    The other thing is that these attacks on Planned Parenthood I believe are a baseless smear campaign started with David Daleiden, an anti-abortion extremist, who spent years trying to entrap Planned Parenthood staff and then deceptively editing the videos he reported to stoke partisan anger. Again, I want to just note, I don't walk around with music behind me. Clearly, that was edited in.    Four congressional committees have started investigating Planned Parenthood and States around the country are rushing to investigate. But not merely enough focus has been paid to Mr. Daleiden and his numerous unethical and potentially illegal activities. Mr. Daleiden and his associates obtained their nonprofit status from the IRS by representing themselves as a nonprofit focused on biomedical research aimed at curing life-threatening diseases. They did not indicate that they were an anti-abortion political activist organization. They lied on tax forms and applications to the IRS, which is a serious and even criminal, that is under investigation, matter.    The California law prohibits forgery, fraud, and perjury. And Mr. Daleiden and his associates created fake driver's licenses and those may have violated the law. And his activities may have also violated California's Invasion of Privacy Act, its prohibition of false charitable solicitations, and its law against impersonation and Federal and California laws against credit card fraud.    And Mr. Daleiden continues to withhold key information from investigators and the public at large, and his attorneys say he intends to invoke his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid testifying in court. And it seems to me that Mr. Daleiden should release documentation about his organization's funding, affiliations, or practices, and release the full unedited versions of his video.    So I believe that the majority should either suspend its one-sided investigation of Planned Parenthood or should fully investigate Mr. Daleiden. And I just resent the fact that we have been having this hearing using these videos in as explosive way as possible to color the discussion of these bills.    And, by the way, even just the suspicion based on these highly edited videos could be enough then for a State to deny Medicaid funding. And let's be clear, if we want, as Ms. Waxman said, if we want to a discussion about the use of fetal tissue for medical research, then that is a separate conversation, used for investigating Alzheimer's and diabetes.    And there is no proof, in fact I think there is proof to the contrary, that Planned Parenthood made a profit on this. It was in order to transport the tissue with the consent of the woman and done to pay for the transportation.    I want to ask a question, though, just a quick yes or no of Dr. Yoest and Mr. Mattox. The Hyde amendment does have exceptions that would have exceptions including rape, incest, and endangering the life of the mother. I would like to know if you support exceptions to the Hyde amendment in the case of rape, incest, or endangering the life of the mother?    Dr. Yoest.    Ms. Schakowsky. The Hyde amendment.    Mr. Schakowsky. I am asking you a question as testimony relevant to these issues, these two bills that are before us, and I would like to know if you believe that there ought to be exceptions to abortion?    Mr. Schakowsky. So is the answer yes?    Mr. Schakowsky. OK. And Mr. Mattox.    Mr. Schakowsky. Thank you. I yield back.