    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I am one of those who was here when Dodd-Frank was written. I am here to report that it was written in this room, not on Mount Sinai, nor was it written by Beelzebub in the nether regions.    It is not sacrosanct but that does not mean it should be discarded. We need to improve it, not dismantle it. And in spite of its great length, it lacks a whole lot of specificity.    It gives tremendous power to the regulators. And God forbid if we get an Administration of the other party, we will see just how much discretion it is; a well-drafted statue means the same thing whether you elect a Democrat to administer the law or a Republican to administer the law.    I think if we ever get a Republican Administration, heaven forbid, we will find out how much latitude there is in that statute and how Congress should have been more specific.    As to SIFIs, I join with the gentleman from Florida who should be praised at length except he is not here anymore about designating money and mutual fund managers as SIFIs, as I bored some of my colleagues with before Lehman Brothers didn't cause a problem because it had too many assets.    If you are trying to determine whether an entity is a problem, you say, what are its liabilities, who loses if it doesn't pay its debts? And a mutual fund doesn't have any debts in almost every case.    So the idea that we would designate mutual funds as SIFIs because Countrywide made bad mortgages seems rather extreme. Mr. Atkins, I want to focus with you on these credit rating agencies.    You put forward the idea that the fault is the people who pay attention to the credit rating agencies, who rely on the credit rating agencies.    Let's say you are an ordinary consumer, you have $50,000 to invest, and you are trying to compare the Vanguard bond fund with the T Rowe Price bond fund.    And they both have the exact same portfolio in ratings, 20 percent AAA, 30 percent AA, 40 percent, exactly the same and one is yielding 10 basis points more than the other. How would you, knowing that you have $50,000 to invest, which means you can't hire Deloitte and Touche to give you a report. How would you decide to forego the extra point 1 percent of return when you see the only way you have of evaluating those two bond portfolios is how the individual bonds are rated by the credit rating agencies? How would you take your own advice and not rely too much on the credit rating agency?    Mr. Sherman. We all should have known better when they gave AAA to alt-A, when they gave the highest rating to liars' loans.    But how are they ever going to stop doing that when they are selected and paid by the issuer? We dealt with that in the Frank and Sherman amendment to Dodd-Frank, but it went into conference, and it got diluted just enough that the SEC could wiggle its way around it and issue a report saying they don't want to do anything.    And so now, we have pretty much the same system we had before. That is to say, you can make a million bucks by giving somebody a good grade. And if you give them a good grade, somebody else will hire you to give them a good grade.    I don't think that it will be mortgage debt which causes the next crisis, or at least not in the next few years, because we have some sort of memory, slightly longer than goldfish. And we won't let that mistake happen right away.    But whether it is corporate bonds, whether it is sovereign debt, there are so many opportunities people have--put together a package of debt, buy a good rating, sell it, and then you as an investor almost have to buy it.    And the money--and imagine yourself working for T Rowe Price or working for Vanguard, would you put together the bond portfolio that had 10 basis points less yield but had the same ratings as your competitor knowing that you as the investor would choose not to invest in your fund?    I would say the credit rating agencies cannot be ignored. They are not ignored by investors. They cannot be ignored by money managers. And as long as they are selected by the issuer, we are just waiting for the next crisis. I yield back.