    Mr. Kline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here. I heard a couple of you, I think Secretary Stackley and Lombardi, saying that they were confident that we could reduce some acquisition time, and you were on the right track for making changes. And that is good, but I am probably pretty skeptical. I certainly hope we can reduce the time and be more flexible and be more agile. The history just doesn't show that. Everybody in this room--and even Frank Kendall, who is not in this room--everybody kind of knows what you have to do to speed this up and understands it is going to be very difficult to get there because we can't do every program with the Skunk Works. We just can't do it.    So we are looking for ways that we can speed up the process, streamline it. The ranking member talked about the levels of review and oversight within the Pentagon, and then we add on top of that. And, of course, we bear some culpability for sure here in Congress because if a system is being manufactured in our district or an office is in our district, it clearly is a key national security interest, and if it is in somebody else's district, it is a bill payer. So we understand that we are part of the problem, and we need to work on that ourselves. I have been pleased to see that you all, the Pentagon, and industry has been smarter and smarter in making sure that some major component is built in everybody's district, so that makes it a little bit easier because whatever that component is, is a key national security interest, and therefore, we are going to do our part to protect it. That is the way our job is because we are looking to protect jobs in our district.    I want to go back for just a minute to the ever-name-changing Marine Corps expeditionary fighting vehicle. I remember very well because I put it there in POM 1990 in an earlier life. We could not afford that vehicle, which was called the Triple A back then, so it was always in the last year of the POM. When people, my successors came, it kept coming, and it kept going the last year of POM, and we couldn't afford it. It took every nickel of procurement Marine Corps to buy that one item, and yet it stayed in the POM year after year after year, until finally reality caught up, finally.    So part of this is, we need to live a little bit more, in my judgment, in the world of the possible, in a reality. If you can't afford it, you know you can't afford it, then why are you expending all of that energy? And I am raising my hand; I was guilty. I put it right in there because I was told how important this was. We need to do a better job--we collectively--we here and certainly those of you sitting at the table. When you are living, as we are now, in an uncertain budget time--I would argue we are always in an uncertain budget time--let's don't put our energy into doing something that we cannot afford and are not going to be able to afford. My argument to you is that is where that Triple A, which then became the expeditionary fighting vehicle and something else now, you couldn't buy it. If you took every procurement dollar, every procurement Marine Corps dollar--that is what it took--you couldn't buy another thing. You couldn't buy a single rifle, nothing.    I think that is part of this process. We all know that the JROC , the whole requirements process is cumbersome, and I have heard you use today words like ``long cycles'' and ``long cycles within cycles.'' It seems to me that is what we are trying to get at here. We are trying to find ways to make those cycles not so long cycles and make them not so cumbersome and get rid of some of the layers of bureaucracy that go here.    I can never fix the fact that Mr. Turner is going to worry about some office or some production in his district. I guess I could worry about it, but I can't change it. But these processes, these bureaucratic processes--processes--we need to be getting at, and I know we want to do everything we can to clean that up as much as we can. And we have just got to stop doing business the same old way. And I know you know that, and you are trying, and if there is something in statute that needs to be changed, that is what we want to hear from you because we want to help you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Langevin.