    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you both for being here. I always appreciate those who give their lives to the cause of protecting their fellow human beings.    General Stewart, you know, there are obviously a lot of us that are concerned that we seem not to be having the kind of at least observable progress on ISIS, at least in the timeframe we would like to see it. I know everybody feels the same way. But in light of that, what do you consider to be the Islamic State's center of gravity? What are we doing to attack that center of gravity? What is the strongest thing that we can do against their weakest and most vulnerable and most critical----    General Stewart. So we define the center of gravity, the source of their power as either the virtual or the physical caliphate. So the existence of a caliphate, the narrative that the caliphate exists is a draw to forces.    Mr. Franks. Yep.    General Stewart. It is a draw to that ideology that, we are going to be part of this final caliphate and this final battle. So the caliphate must be destroyed. The notion, the narrative of the caliphate must be destroyed. We can go after that in a number of ways. You have got to go after the leadership. We can't take pressure off the leadership and we can't take pressure off of the middle management, the bureaucrats who run this proto-state we call ISIL and its caliphate. You have got to go after the narrative, as we talked about earlier. You have got to go after its financial networks. These are all critical vulnerabilities.    And you are seeing some increased activity against those financial nodes and networks, how they generate cash, because if they are going to act like a proto-state, they are going to have to generate cash, they are going to have to pay employees, they are going to have to run the machinery, they are going to govern like a state, and so you can start going after those things that will allow them to act as a proto-state, act as a caliphate. Leadership, command and control, financial networks, infrastructure, logistics nodes, and all those things are legitimate targets, and we are seeing quite a significant increase from Central Command and others in going after those very specific nodes.    So the caliphate is under attack. How that will play out over the next 12 to 18 months will be where we will focus our effort to understand the impact that we are having going after those center of gravity and defeating the idea of a caliphate, both in the physical and virtual space.    Mr. Franks. Well, I was glad to hear you mention going after the narrative. That is more of a strategic approach, in my judgment, because, you know, tactically we usually prevail, but oftentimes in the effort to try to prevent this motivation that the discussion the caliphate prevents, sometimes we don't address this on a strategic level. So I am glad to see. I know it is difficult for a military force to have a psychological approach, but it nevertheless is pretty important when a group feels that they are somehow transcendentally justified in doing what they are doing. It is important to attack that, and I appreciate you saying that.    Let me shift gears, if I could, and probably, given the time I have, need to address this to both of you. What do you consider the importance of Iran's ballistic missile program to its military strategy in the wake of the Iran deal, or the JCPoA ? And in your assessment, how likely is it that Iran will continue to move forward with the development and testing of these systems despite threats of new sanctions?    General Stewart. Iran's missile program is one of the centerpieces of defense of their regime. They have built a very robust missile capability in the face of 30-plus years of sanctions. There is no indication that they are going to walk away from their ballistic missile technology and capability. They will continue to improve their ranges, they will continue to improve lethality, they will continue to improve maneuverability, and I don't see that changing any time under any sanctions regime.    Mr. Franks. Well, it is not exactly encouraging, but I think you are absolutely right.    General, did you have any----    General Marrs. Sir, I would just add that absolutely Iran sees its ballistic missile capability as key to its power projection. And I guess of additional concern is what they have stated publicly is their intent to conduct another space launch potentially as early as this year, and that could unveil a capability that may have intercontinental range.    Mr. Franks. Well, I will try quickly here. Do you believe that Russia is attempting to supplant American leadership in the Middle East with a hegemony led by kind of a Moscow-Tehran combination?    General Stewart. In a word, yes.    Mr. Franks. All right. That is a fast answer.    Thank you very much, both of you. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman.