    Mr. DeSantis. The Subcommittee on National Security will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    The chair notes that he is responsible under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee to maintain order and preserve decorum in the committee room. And we will do that, and disruption of business will not be tolerated. Thank you very much.    The chair now recognizes himself for an opening statement.    BDS is the campaign for boycott, divestment, and sanctions against Israel. The BDS movement seeks to target the state of Israel for boycotts, divestments, and sanctions. The purported goal is to leverage negative treatment of Israel to procure peace in the region. However, it is clear that the ultimate goal of the BDS movement is not to simply exert pressure on Israel to alter domestic policies; they would like to isolate, delegitimize, and irrevocably cripple the Jewish state.    BDS supporter and professor at Cal State University As'ad AbuKhalil has said, ``The real aim of BDS is to bring down the state of Israel. That should be stated as an unambiguous goal. There should not be any equivocation on the subject. Justice and freedom for the Palestinians are incompatible with the existence of the state of Israel.''    Another supporter of BDS, writer John Spritzler, stated, ``BDS' stated goals logically imply the end of Israel as a Jewish state.''    The notion that BDS is simply a harmless political movement is not true. BDS is better understood as an attempt to single out the world's only Jewish state for negative treatment through economic warfare.    U.S. policy should actively oppose attempts to boycott, divest, and sanction Israel. As our most dependable ally in the Middle East, the region's only democracy, and a country that shares our values, Israel deserves our steadfast support. We need to nip BDS in the bud.    This hearing is timely in light of recent comments by the State Department spokesman regarding anti-BDS language contained in the trade authority bill recently passed by Congress. While the bill specifically mandates that U.S. Negotiators pressure potential trading partners to reject BDS, the State Department indicated it would not enforce the language.    Congress included the anti-BDS provision because it wanted to stymie efforts emanating particularly from European countries, where anti-Semitism unfortunately is at a post-World War II high, to target Israel. Congress needs to conduct oversight of the State Department to ensure compliance with the statutory law.    Now, BDS is not a mainstream position in the United States, but it has gained traction on college campuses and in European capitals.    The goals of BDS go beyond the idea of encouraging corporations and academic institutions to boycott and divest from businesses in Judea and Samaria. Support for BDS is curious in light of the fact that many advocates for BDS have no qualms with trading with rogue regimes, such as Iran. Indeed, these advocates seek to apply a completely separate standard to the world's only Jewish state, while turning a blind eye to militant Islamic regimes that threaten both Israel and the United States.    According to a recent study by the Israeli Finance Ministry, boycotts present a significant threat to Israel's economy. Boycotts threaten inflation, layoffs, and a potential 20-percent drop in exports. If European companies and governments were to support BDS, Israeli officials maintain such action would constitute a dramatic blow to the Israeli economy.    Israeli and American businesses have been impacted by BDS through divestment by major church groups in the United States, such as the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) and the United Church of Christ.    The bottom line is that support for BDS undermines Israel's economy and national security. It is a direct threat to the continued vitality and success of the state of Israel.    Today, we will hear from the CEO of SodaStream, Daniel Birnbaum, an Israeli company that has been the target of BDS. The BDS campaign has specifically targeted this company, which has since moved its factory out of Judea and Samaria, resulting in the loss of thousands--the loss of jobs for many of the Palestinians and Israelis alike.    In the case of SodaStream's factory in Judea and Samaria, which is now closed, an estimated 500 Palestinian Arabs were employed there, out of a total of 1,300 employees. While SodaStream is working to secure work permits from the Israeli Government for these Palestinians and other former employees at their new factory, the future employment opportunities for many of these workers remain uncertain. These are the very people who BDS claims it intends to help.    We will also hear from Professor Eugene Kontorovich. He was a major force behind the South Carolina law prohibiting companies who want to contract with the State government from participating in boycotts based on nationality, national origin, ethnicity, race, and other categories of discrimination. He will also discuss existing Federal law, international law, and the potential impact of BDS on the international trading system.    Mr. Mark Dubowitz, the executive director of Foundation for Defense of Democracies, will also be joining us. He has written extensively on the topic of the BDS movement.    Mr. Matthew Duss is the guest of my minority colleagues, and he is the president of the Foundation for Middle East Peace.    The bottom line is that, one, this hearing will be critical in informing Congress about the true nature of the goals and underlying motivations of the BDS movement and its impact on trade and economic growth. American policy must be designed to counteract BDS at every turn.    And, with that, I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, the ranking member, for his opening statement.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the ranking member.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Mr. DeSantis. We will now proceed to the witness testimony.    Welcome to the witnesses.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so if you could please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you. Please be seated.    All witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Mr. Dubowitz, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Birnbaum for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Kontorovich for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Duss for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Dubowitz, a lot of Americans may not know what BDS is. Is there any doubt in your mind that BDS is more than just trying to boycott certain policies, that BDS is aimed really at the legitimacy of Israel itself?    Mr. DeSantis. Now, Mr. Birnbaum, you know, you have this company. You are employing all these Palestinian Arabs. You get targeted by BDS, so then you move operations. But yet they still target you. And so I think that that, to me, is very revealing. And I really appreciate your testimony, because I think that really educates the American people about what is really at the heart of this movement.    But is there any doubt in your mind that this BDS movement is targeted beyond just territorial issues but about the legitimacy of Israel itself?    Mr. DeSantis. So, because of the movement in response to BDS, how many fewer Palestinian Arabs are now employed?    Mr. DeSantis. So it is possible that there would be less jobs for Palestinian Arabs as a result of the----    Mr. DeSantis. Professor Kontorovich, I think that you and Mr. Duss have a disagreement about longstanding U.S. policy, particularly this TPA provision. As he characterized it, this was a significant change. The State Department was right to, kind of, make the statements that they did. Your position, I think, is that this has been pretty consistent, that we have not discriminated about particular commerce.    So would you care to respond to Mr. Duss?    Mr. DeSantis. Now, Mr. Duss, I mean, regardless of, kind of, your views of the situation, I mean, Congress passed a specific provision in the trade authority bill. I mean, is not the appropriate response for if the State Department does not want that to come to Congress and ask them to change it, to just try to say you are not going to instruct your trade negotiators when they are negotiating deals, particularly with the European countries where this is a bigger issue, to simply not abide by it?    Mr. DeSantis. But it might not be consistent with what was actually passed by the Congress. And I think that what the Congress, I think, intended is similar to what Professor Kontorovich laid out, was that boycotting Israel, we want to target that, we want our trade negotiators to negotiate specifically with the European countries, that, you know what, you are not going to boycott Israel. And the fact that there may be a company located somewhere else, that is not been a distinction that the Congress has wanted to draw.    Let me ask all of you, but, Mr. Dubowitz, the growth of BDS in colleges and in Europe, can you give us a sense of--I think I was in law school when I first heard about it. It was, like, a really fringe thing. I mean, I know it is not mainstream in American society, but it seems to have picked up steam on college campuses and in European capitals.    Mr. DeSantis. Professor, do you agree that BDS has picked up steam on American college campuses over the last decade?    Mr. DeSantis. There has been an increase of attention in the European capitals, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Sure.    Mr. DeSantis. Spend some time here; that might not be a good assumption. But I take your point.    All right, my time is up. I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the vice chair of the committee, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Maybe Professor Kontorovich, the BDS, are they trying to boycott regimes like Iran or the Castro brothers or North Korea, as well?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Birnbaum, what about in your experience, when BDS was targeting SodaStream, did you notice them also targeting soda companies in Iran or North Korea or anything like that?    Mr. DeSantis. So why the double standard?    Well, I guess we will let people draw their own conclusions. I mean, I think it is odd that Israel, with this one country, would have to live under a totally separate standard than any other country in the rest of the world, in the eyes of some of these people, and I wonder what motivates that.    I am done. Mr. Lynch, do you have any more questions?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. I will now yield 5 minutes to the ranking member, Mr. Lynch.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    And I thank the witnesses for coming here and your testimony.    I think that this trade is going to be something that Congress, we are going to need to conduct oversight over to make sure that the law is being applied. I just think it would be a complete disaster to be negotiating trade agreements with these European countries, violate this provision, allow them to do economic boycotts of Israel.    I mean, we are the one that provides the Europeans with their security, with our defense. I mean, they do not defend themselves; it is really us. And so I think it is something that we need to keep an eye on. And I think that this committee, as negotiations go forward, we are going to look to conduct the appropriate oversight.    So I thank everybody, and this hearing is adjourned.