    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing to examine options for enhancing the safety and security across our surface transportation sectors.    The attacks of 9/11 focused and exploited the weaknesses inherent in our aviation security to perpetuate one of the worst attacks on United States soil. However, we must remember other modes of transportation have been and remain a top priority for terrorist groups world-wide and their affiliates. There have been devastating terrorist attacks against all modes of surface transportation across the globe, including train bombings in Belarus, India, Russia, Spain, and the United Kingdom, and most recently a shooting on a train traveling from Amsterdam to Paris.    While there was not been a successful transportation-related attack by al-Qaeda in the United States since 9/11, there have been a number of thwarted plots. My concern with this issue led me to introduce legislation in July entitled the Known Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear Threats to Transportation Act.    The Department of Energy plans to begin transporting highly enriched uranium liquid from Canada to South Carolina next year. The Department of Energy proposes to transport this waste, which is far more radioactive than spent nuclear fuel, across the Northern Border at the Peace Bridge, crossing through several States and municipalities before reaching South Carolina. An attack on one of these trucks crossing the Peace Bridge could contaminate the Great Lakes--which contains 84 percent of North America's surface fresh water--with highly radioactive material.    Moreover, an attack on a truck moving through heavily populated areas throughout the United States would have obvious and devastating consequences.    Despite these risks, the Department of Energy is about to begin importing highly radioactive material, which has never before been shipped in this manner, using outdated, pre-9/11 information that does not reflect the threats we face today.    My bill, which was advanced through my Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee today unanimously, would direct the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Intelligence and Analysis to conduct an assessment of the risks associated with the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials. The bill also mandates that the Office of Intelligence and Analysis consult and share information with the heads of other Federal agencies, including the Transportation Security Administration, so that the assessment is informed by the most current information about homeland security threats.    As my bill continues to move through the House and the Senate, I hope to raise awareness of the security risks and protections needed within the surface transportation sector of our country.    Again, I thank Chairman King, Chairman Katko, and my fellow Ranking Member Rice for their leadership in focusing our oversight on this hearing. With that, I yield back.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First, just let me thank you, because a lot of what you do is about what didn't happen. You rarely get credit for what didn't happen. So thanks for all you have done to keep things from happening.    Lawrence Wright wrote a book called ``The Looming Tower,'' which is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book about 9/11, and in it, he recounts the experience of an FBI agent working in his office in New York City. When the second plane hit the South Tower, he physically got sick because he knew that between the FBI, the CIA, and other law enforcement agencies, that they had the intelligence to perhaps thwart that attack on New York City and the Nation.    So the sharing of information was very, very important, from which the PATRIOT Act came. A lot of things were added on to it that were objectionable to people, but the bottom line, the original thrust was to remove the barriers that existed between various law enforcement agencies so that they could pool their resources, they could share information, toward the goal of more effectively stopping terrorist activity.    Mr. Diaz, New York City is probably, you know, all of its law enforcement agencies, all of the affiliates, is probably the greatest counterterrorism organization in the world--not out of choice, but out of necessity. You touched on it a little bit, but you had also mentioned that there are 6 million people that travel on those trains every day in 78 different trains. Can you talk a little bit more about how that information is shared? Is that a result of policy or the result of just the intuitive relationship that exists between law enforcement agencies towards the same goal, and that is protecting your common constituency?    Mr. Higgins. So I presume that that is driven in large part by just an inherent sense that New York City is always going to be a major target, it is a high-impact target, and, thus, the role of law enforcement agencies working together is probably, while it is important generally, it seems to be particularly important in a city like New York.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you very much. I have no further questions. I yield back.