    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Alban, the Kelo decision, do you view that as being broader than the Hawaii Housing Authority v. Midkiff decision, broader in a sense of not protecting private property rights?    Mr. DeSantis. So that's a significant departure from the historical understanding?    Mr. DeSantis. The economic development that was promised in Kelo actually turned out to be a failure. Have you seen other instances of where you had economic development takings and yet people forced out of their homes while the plans end up failing?    Mr. DeSantis. And some will say, well, gee, if you interpreted the Fifth Amendment the way you're suggesting, it's going to be more difficult to have economic development. And I guess my question is, if a constitutional, explicit constitutional protection does create some inconvenience in other parts of American life, has that ever been deemed sufficient to simply write it out of the Constitution and ignore it?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Groen, let me ask you. With the Supreme Court's posture in this, it's very difficult to go into Federal court and bring a Fifth Amendment claim if your property's been seized in violations of the Takings Clause. Are there any other situations in which a right that's fundamental that's explicitly protected in the Constitution is simply just left to kind of the State courts to decide whether they want to enforce or not?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, it's really strange. I mean, I think that if you go back when the Constitution was ratified, I mean, the right of private property, and that was a major, major right, and in fact, infringing on that right, that was what they viewed was probably the most direct threat to liberty. And then here we are now, it's almost like people have got to beg to have these rights enforced in Federal court.    Now, Professor Echeverria contends that if the requirement to provide compensations under the Takings Clause is not limited to extreme circumstances, it would be very difficult for kind of the modern state to function. In your opinion, could the government continue to function if courts enforced the Taking Clause in a more robust way?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you. My time has expired. I yield back.