    Mr. Almanza. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the Committee, I am the Deputy Under Secretary for Food Safety at the United States Department of Agriculture, and I would like to thank you for the opportunity to come before you here today to discuss our food safety mission. To start, I would like to thank you, Chairman Conaway, for joining me on the plant tour this past year, and I would also like to extend the invitation to any of you to accompany me on a tour in the future. A plant tour is really the best way to see what our inspectors do on the line and what they are doing on a daily basis to protect the public's health. I look forward to continue working with Representatives Rouzer and Davis, as well as all Members of the Agriculture Committee.    Sometimes it is easy to forget that the meat on your plate has undergone a thorough process of inspection and testing to ensure that you don't get sick, but if you are one of the millions of Americans who consume meat, poultry, or processed egg products, your food is inspected every single day by the dedicated man and women of FSIS who are present in all these plants throughout the county.    Additionally, FSIS administers a labeling program to protect consumers from misbranded and economically adulterated meat, poultry, and processed egg products. We are modernizing the way we do things, and carcass-by-carcass inspection remains a cornerstone of our work. Our system of inspection is the most reliable in the world, and I take great pride in the inspection process after having begun my own career nearly 40 years ago as a line inspector in Dalhart, Texas.    Today, billions of pounds of meat, poultry, and liquid egg products are produced, transported and sold every year. A system of this magnitude requires constant vigilance to prevent the possibility of foodborne contamination. FSIS is legally required to have inspectors present across the country in every plant that processes meat, poultry, and processed egg products. The agency employs approximately 9,000 employees, and 80 percent of them work in establishments across the nation. FSIS cooperates with 27 states to develop and administer state meat and poultry inspection programs that implement food safety requirements that are at least equal to Federal requirements at over 1,600 small and very small establishments.    During Fiscal Year 2014, FSIS personnel inspected almost 150 billion head of livestock, nine billion poultry carcasses, and over 3 billion pounds of processed egg products. Last year, FSIS conducted nearly seven million food safety and defense procedures. Some highlights of our achievements this year include the implementation of our new poultry inspection system, which will prevent an estimated 5,000 illnesses each year. We also launched stronger performance measures to reduce pathogens like Salmonella and Campylobacter in poultry products, which could prevent an estimated 50,000 illnesses annually. In addition, we announced a best practices guidance for controlling Listeria monocytogenes in retail delis to help prevent cross contamination in deli counters.    We spend much of our time educating the millions of Americans who consume our products every single day. Over the past year, we have partnered with the Ad Council on public service announcements, conducted outreach to at-risk and under-served populations, and developed our own Smart Phone application, the FoodKeeper App, in conjunction with Cornell University and the Food Marketing Institute. As we move forward, our focus on modernization also has us looking at ways to modernize pork and beef slaughter.    Our focus on science will increase our use of whole-genome sequencing, sampling, and the use of new performance standards to address Salmonella in chicken parts and comminuted poultry. We are closely coordinating with other Federal agencies, like the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control to discover sources of illnesses more quickly and to respond more effectively during recalls and outbreaks.    In Fiscal Year 2015, we developed harmonized attribution estimates for Salmonella, E. coli O157:H7, Listeria monocytogenes, and Campylobacter for major food categories.    Improved estimates of foodborne illness source attribution can inform efforts to prioritize food safety initiatives, interventions, and policies for reducing illness outbreaks. These types of collaborative efforts help FSIS work with our partner agencies to ensure that food safety is better informed, better targeted, and more effective. As a public health agency committed to achieving excellence, FSIS continuously tracks performance, modernizes methodology, and applies science-based approaches to the work that we do.    I began my career at FSIS as a line inspector, and I know firsthand the hard work that these dedicated men and women perform every day to ensure that we have the safest food supply in the world. It is because of this work that millions of Americans can sit down at their table and enjoy safe, wholesome meals every day.    Thank you for your support, and I hope you will soon join me in a plant tour to see what FSIS is doing to protect the American food supply. Thank you.    Mr. Almanza. Yes, sir. The recent Consumer Reports study was what I would say an unfortunate article that serves to scare consumers. The most deadly pathogens that FSIS routinely tests for were not found in the report sampling. Rather, the study focused on generic bacteria. The Consumer Reports article confirmed that there were no Shiga toxin producing E. coli STECs present in the ground beef samples; and so these STEC strains have been declared adulterants by FSIS because they can cause severe illness. So we believe that the article overlooks many requirements and achievements that FSIS and USDA inspection and testing programs for meat products right now.    The Chairman. I appreciate that. Mr. Avalos, you mentioned significant budget cuts to your team. Can you help the Committee understand what the impact has been on your ability to do what you are doing?    Mr. Almanza. I would say it is because we have never inspected catfish, so that is probably a nuance there, but, yes, the equivalence process for other countries remains the same as with any other products that are imported through FSIS.    Mr. Almanza. Yes.    Mr. Almanza. There are a number of issues that we have gone back and forth with them on, which is typical for a proposed rule, and this one, like I said, has a little bit of an added nuance in that it is going to be a totally different type of inspection protocol than we have ever had for catfish; and so meat, poultry, processed eggs, and catfish, catfish is just a different species that we have never done, and that is part of it.    Mr. Almanza. So we currently have 49 plants that have expressed an interest to opt in, which includes the original 20 that we had under what was a HIMP models project. So those plants are able to maintain the line speed which we thought was going to go along with this rule at 175 birds per minute. But what we are looking at is the food safety value, and to me right now, companies, for the first time, we are having them address Salmonella and Campylobacter control and required to do their own testing, which we hadn't done before. So that is a public health food safety advantage.    The other side of it, we believe, that with time, we will see what the plants that are opting in develop data as to how they are performing, and then we will look down at the future and see how that measures up to the plants that are running at 175 and see if there is any difference.    Mr. Almanza. Yes, we do believe that they would be able to meet those standards. I think they have made significant strides since we have been talking about this, and we proposed, they understand about more stringent performance standards that we are going to have. We do believe that they will be able to meet them ultimately. They have met them before, and we do believe that there is going to be a quantifiable advantage to the American consumer just based on some of the problems that we have had in the past with those products.    Mr. Almanza. Certainly we can provide that to you if you would like that.    Mr. Almanza. Absolutely.    Mr. Almanza. What other?    Mr. Almanza. Right. The only thing that FSIS is responsible for is meat, poultry, and processed eggs. Everything else is basically inspected by FDA.    Mr. Almanza. That is primarily at FDA, what I would say is in their bailiwick for setting standards. I will tell you that we are very active in testing for residues. If we have veterinarians in each of our slaughter plants, in addition to food inspectors as well, but at any time if we see any injection sites, anything that appears to be abnormal, we certainly test those animals to see whether they have any residues, that they haven't met any withdrawal times and things of that nature.    Now, we also work very closely with FDA and with CDC, as well, to look at the prevalence of these types of issues and concerns certainly in the biosecurity arena as well.    Mr. Almanza. Not that I am aware of.    Mr. Almanza. I have certainly read that. But as a regulator at FSIS, I am basically about food safety, and I can't pay attention to that rhetoric.    Mr. Almanza. Well, implement is probably a little over the top because basically what we have done is we have tried to set up what catfish inspection would look like. I could get you an exact number so that you can have that, but we can provide that to you.    Mr. Almanza. Well, one of the things I will say is that it is different in that the way FSIS inspects, we are there every single day, FDA isn't. They may get there once every year or every 3 years.    So having a robust inspection system of every single catfish that is slaughtered--if you want to call it slaughtered--and having direct oversight over that every single day is significantly different than just having somebody come audit your plant.    Mr. Almanza. Al is fine with me.    Mr. Almanza. We have an extensive outreach program for small and very small plants. And at the beginning, I kind of covered our food safety app that we developed, that Food Keeper app. We think that that is really helpful for not only small and very small plants, but it is just general outreach that we did with Cornell.    But we have a USDA small plant help desk that fields calls. Last year, we had over 1,400 inquiries. We had 1,400 inquiries just through the third quarter of this fiscal year. And then we also have a small and very small plant web page that received close to 12,000 views through the third quarter of 2015.    So we tend to do a lot of outreach to small and very small plants because they don't have the resources available to them to get those kind of answers.    Mr. Almanza. Yes. So the whole modernization effort, I spoke to that about what we did with our new poultry inspection system. Right now we are gathering data and analyzing that data in the five plants that we currently have under the HIMP project in swine plants. What we are looking to do is develop enough of the data, analyze it, and have a proposed rule to implement that, or just to have a proposed rule by the end of the year.