    Mr. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, gentlemen, for being here today. And Mr. Conner, particularly thank you for American excellence in aviation, and for employing so many thousands of the people in South Carolina. I appreciate that very much.    Aviation is certainly a shining light of American manufacturing and one area in which we maintain our leadership role in the world. I am focused very much on American competitiveness, and I have seen over and over and over again in my 2 years here in Congress how Government regulation too often, in the name of protecting the public, makes us less competitive and actually does very little to protect the public. That being said, if we sacrifice safety in American aviation, then we won't be competitive in that area very long, so I am sure you guys have a vested interest in that and that you need to make sure that that record of safety is maintained, and you don't want to do anything to compromise that.    Now, from what I understand, Mr. Conner, you are saying that the FAA is now looking at areas that don't necessarily deal with flight safety but more things within the plane that don't deal with its flight, like the interior of the plane, the lavatories, and the kitchens.    Mr. Rice. Do they spend a significant amount of time dealing with these things that have nothing to do with the flight of the plane?    Mr. Rice. Now, and you have certified FAA inspectors on your payroll?    Mr. Rice. Have you people or airplane manufacturers gone to the FAA and said, look, maybe you should be focused on areas that deal solely with the flight safety of the plane and not with what color the interior of the seats are and that kind of thing?    Mr. Rice. And they still want to focus on these collateral matters?    Mr. Rice. Have you run any estimates of the cost in money and/or time to deal with these collateral issues with the FAA? Not with flight safety but interiors and lavatories and----    Mr. Rice. I don't want you to disclose any trade secrets here, but it would be safe to say with commercial aircraft being a relatively expensive item, that the markup is probably pretty low on these things, isn't it? The profit margin is not real high.    Mr. Rice. And so with the ever expanding U.S. Government bureaucracy eating into that profit margin, it makes you a little less competitive in the world?    Mr. Rice. I know I am using terms that you wouldn't use.    Mr. Rice. Thank you very much, sir, for being here, and again, thank you, both you gentlemen, for excellence in American aviation.