    Mr. Lance. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good morning to you, Dr. Rosekind. I thank you and the other distinguished members of our panels who are appearing before us today on this important topic. And certainly, I thank you for your distinguished public service, Dr. Rosekind.    Automobile accidents accounted for over 35,000 fatalities in 2015, as you have indicated; 562 of those souls lost were from the State of New Jersey. By removing driver error, which accounts for the vast majority of these deaths, autonomous vehicles have the potential to be the single greatest achievement in auto safety in our lifetime, savings tens of thousands of lives each year.    As the subcommittee with jurisdiction over this topic and over the automotive industry, it is our job to make sure that innovation is allowed to occur and is not hindered by burdensome and unnecessary regulation while, of course, ensuring consumer safety which is paramount.    Dr. Rosekind, the guidance states that it is not intended for states to codify as legal requirements for the development, design, manufacture, testing, and operation of automated vehicles. That is on page 11 of the guidance. Do you think that states should be codifying the guidance as some have signaled they intend to do?    Mr. Lance. What would happen, in your professional judgment, if one state were to deem a self-driving automobile to be safe for testing and deployment but another state chooses to go in the completely opposite direction? It seems to me that would be quite a challenge but having served in a state legislature, having been the minority leader in our state senate in Trenton, I am aware that there are state responsibilities as well. And how should we go through this challenging situation to make sure that safety is paramount and innovation occurs to make sure that deaths can be fewer than is now the case?    Mr. Lance. Are there certain states that are more likely than others to advance state initiatives, perhaps California, perhaps other states as well? And should we be discussing this with various state capitals or should our congressional delegations be discussing this with various state capitals?    Mr. Lance. Dr. Rosekind, you mentioned Michigan, Florida, and Pennsylvania. I have nothing bad to say about any of those three states this week, Dr. Rosekind.    The Federal Automated Vehicle Policy mentions the possibility of convening a commission to study liability insurance issues. Do you have a view on that?    Mr. Lance. Thank you very much, Dr. Rosekind, and my time has expired.