    Mr. Gerber. Thank you, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My name is Mike Gerber and I am an executive vice president with Franklin Square Capital Partners.    Franklin Square was founded in Philadelphia in 2007 with the mission of offering institutional quality alternative investments to mainstream American investors, while leading the industry in best practices, transparency, investor protection, and education. To that end, we launched the industry's first-ever non-traded BDC in 2009. We successfully listed that fund on the New York Stock Exchange in April of last year to create liquidity for our investors.    Today, we manage four BDCs and have more BDC assets under management than any other manager in the industry. Franklin Square has investors in all 50 States, and we have portfolio companies in 39 States. Importantly, we have delivered strong risk-adjusted returns for our investors.    As you all know, the 1980 law that created BDCs was passed with strong bipartisan support, and was designed to stimulate investment in U.S. companies by matching mainstream investors' capital with mainstream businesses. Because BDCs are designed for retail investors, they are appropriately heavily regulated.    In fact, whether traded or non-traded, BDCs are among the most highly regulated investment vehicles in the marketplace. And because of the extensive public filings, some of which you have seen right here, BDCs are fully transparent to regulators and investors alike.    Our culture at Franklin Square is to embrace this regulation. In fact, it is part of how we market ourselves to financial advisers and investors. Specifically, BDCs register shares under the 1933 Act, and elect treatment as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, a BDC is subject to the 1934 Act as a public company, meaning it must file 10-Qs, 10-Ks, 8-Ks and proxy statements.    Contained in every Form Q and Form K is a schedule of all of our investments, along with details such as the name of the portfolio company, the size of the loan, the rate of the loan, and the current mark of the investment.    Other key protections include mandatory third-party custody of all BDC assets; a board of directors, the majority of whom must be independent; and board approval of key matters such as management fees and quarterly valuations. In addition, our non-traded BDCs are also regulated by FINRA and by the blue sky securities regulators in all 50 States.    Taken together, these laws and regulations ensure that BDCs are extremely transparent, minimize conflicts of interest, and provide investors with a high level of protection.    One of the key mandates under the law requires BDCs to invest at least 70 percent of their assets in U.S. private and small cap companies. As a result, our BDCs at Franklin Square provided a significant amount of capital to middle-market job-creating companies.    Middle-market businesses employ more than 47 million people, or one out of every three workers in the private sector. In fact, between 2008 and 2014, middle-market firms grew jobs by 4.4 percent versus 1.6 percent for big businesses, and unfortunately a 0.9 percent decline with small businesses.    And now 39 percent of middle-market companies say they expect to grow and add more jobs in 2015. Middle market lenders like BDCs, therefore, must be poised to provide the capital necessary to help fuel this anticipated growth.    Currently, there are 84 BDCs representing approximately $70 billion in investments. At Franklin Square we have deployed $27 billion since inception, including $10 billion in directly originated loans.    The primary tool offered by Mr. Mulvaney's legislation that would help BDCs support more job-creating middle-market companies is the increase in the debt-to-equity ratio from 1-to-1 to 2-to-1. We believe this increase in leverage is modest and makes sense for three reasons.    First, BDCs would have more capital available to meet the demand of middle-market firms, while keeping all of our investor protections in place. Second, this would permit BDCs, as Mr. Arougheti explained, to build safer portfolios, delivering the same or higher returns, while taking on less risk. And third, even with the proposed increase, 2-to-1 leverage would still be quite low when compared to other lenders in the capital markets.    For example, banks today are levered anywhere from 8-to-1 to 15-to-1, and hedge funds are levered in the mid-teens to low 20s. We believe it would be good public policy to increase the lending capacity of BDCs, and promote the more heavily regulated, more transparent BDC model.    The discussion draft contains several additional provisions which I address in my written testimony, and I would be happy to cover in Q&A. I would like to close by thanking Representative Mulvaney for his work on this legislation. And I look forward to answering questions from the committee.    Mr. Gerber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just a point of clarification--    Mr. Gerber. No, that is okay. But I just think it may be important to mention this on behalf of the BDCs. To invest in a publicly traded BDC, a person does not need to be an accredited investor, number one.    Number two, to invest in a non-traded BDC, investors--that transaction is regulated by the blue sky laws in each of the States. And all of the States have their own suitability standards that apply to whether or not an investor is appropriate for--    Mr. Gerber. With respect to BDCs, as I mentioned in my testimony, Mr. Chairman, we fall under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, and the 1940 Act. So in the BDC context, there is a load of transparency and a ton of information that is provided to investors, just the same as a publicly traded company.    Mr. Gerber. It certainly can be. It is available on the SEC Web site EDGAR. It is available on all of our Web sites. So it is easily accessible.    Mr. Gerber. I am not sure exactly which period of the discussion you are referencing. But I think what--    Mr. Gerber. Yes. The thought that was crossing my mind at the time, because there are some related issues between these two bills, and the gentleman from California was asking questions about conflicts of interest. And that has come up with some of the provisions in the BDC legislation as well where there could theoretically be an adviser-issuer conflict.    And that is something that Congressman Mulvaney has tried to address in the BDC legislation by ensuring that the SEC would have an opportunity to review those types of conflicts. And I think that is an improvement over the legislation, the BDC legislation.    And again, it is not a priority for Franklin Square, but it is something that we think is important to consider on behalf of the industry and on behalf of investors in the BDC industry. And we were pleased to see that addressed in Mr. Mulvaney's draft legislation.    Mr. Gerber. Absolutely.    Mr. Gerber. That is right, Congressman. And I think that is one of the reasons why we are all very comfortable making the recommendations we are making. It is because of the power of the transparency behind the model of the BDC.    And you are right. When you compare us to other lenders, even if we were to go to 2-to-1 leverage, it would still be far less leverage.    And I think Mr. Arougheti addressed this in his comments, far less leverage than the other lenders against which we compete. And I mentioned it earlier as well. Banks are anywhere from 8-to 15-to-1. Hedge funds are in the mid-teens. We are just talking about 2-to-1. But it is 2-to-1 in a far more transparent model.    So as Mr. Arougheti said, you cannot go to a bank's balance sheet or filing and find a schedule of investments like you can in a BDC. And we all know you certainly can't do that in a private fund, whether it is a private credit fund or a hedge fund that is engaging in lending.    So it is the most transparent form of lending in the marketplace. And we are--even if we go to 2-to-1, it is one of the lowest levels of leverage.    Mr. Gerber. That is right.    Mr. Gerber. I don't consider myself an expert on this one--    Mr. Gerber. --Congressman.    But what I would like to say to you is that when you just look at arbitrary numbers, I don't think you are getting into a substantive consideration. And I think the proposal before us is driving at the notion that we ought to be considering something other than just arbitrary numbers.    And I don't know that anybody on this panel would disagree that sometimes the substance of someone's background may be more meaningful in terms of their level of sophistication than just the assets that they have in their possession.    Mr. Gerber. I will make my best effort. I think in the question you are raising, there are really two issues that are distinct, but at the same time, when brought together you have to consider it as a whole. So on one hand, it is increasing leverage going from 1-to-1 to 2-to-1 in our debt-to-equity ratio.    On the other hand, it is the redefinition of an eligible portfolio company, moving something out of the 30 percent basket that we talk about into the 70 percent basket. And I think what you are getting at is if you combine the two, what is happening to a term that we all are familiar with, effective leverage.    You are looking at three of the BDCs in the space that have lowest levels of effective leverage. And you can--different people have different ways of defining effective leverage and doing different calculations. And I think when you look at any lender, whether you are looking at a hedge fund or you are looking at a bank, you have to ask the same questions.    And so what you are essentially looking at is the multiplier effect, if you will. And in our--    Mr. Gerber. Yes. But if I may just finish--    Mr. Gerber. Yes.    Mr. Gerber. Yes. I think so. And that is why you hear some expressions of concern up here at the panel. And I think that is one of the areas of legislation where we still have some more work to do as an industry. And the members of the committee, and I think we are all committed to doing that work together.    But what I wanted to mention is earlier when Mr. Arougheti was talking--and I referenced this concept as well about--would all of the BDCs be able to access more leverage, and the answer is no, they won't. And they won't whether it is because of the rating agencies that Mr. Foster talked about.    They won't because of the covenants that the banks require--I'm sorry, the regulators require the banks to have in their loans to us. They won't because the analyst community and the investor community is going to look at the substance of those portfolios.    And so if you see mission creep, if you will, or if you see growth in the overall BDC in fin co investments, you are going to see downgraded ratings. You are going to see BDCs potentially violating existing covenants.    So there are these natural governors in place. And I think as we work through this language and think about the full impact of it, we have to keep in mind those natural governors that are in the system.    Mr. Gerber. Yes. I think we have heard that. I think it would be somewhat complicated to sparse it out like that, money is fungible. So I think in effect what you really would be saying is instead of going to 2-to-1, you are going to 1.75 and 1, or something along those lines. But whether or not there is a practical way to ensure that any increase in leverage isn't being applied to some subset of investments, I think would be somewhat difficult.    Mr. Gerber. Sure. Thank you, Congressman.    It is often a misconception with non-traded because when you hear the term non-traded, it just sounds different. But non-traded BDCs follow all the same regulatory processes and procedures as traded BDCs.    So, non-traded BDCs are in the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, and the 1940 Act. We have all the same public disclosures as traded BDCs. At Franklin Square we manage both traded and non-traded BDCs. And we manage more non-traded BDCs than any other manager. And I can just tell you the hours that our legal staff and accounting folks put into those filings is significant.    But just because we are non-traded does not mean we are opaque. It does not mean that we are not providing the same level of disclosure that traded BDCs provide. We absolutely do.    Mr. Gerber. That is, and actually more. And let me explain to you why. Because when a firm like Franklin Square distributes a non-traded BDC, we also fall under FINRA and blue sky regulations.    So, all 50 States are regulating our products. We are filing in all 50 States. We have to meet the suitability standards in all 50 States. The advisers and brokers that put their clients in our funds have to get a wet signature from their clients, our investors.    So the reality is the non-traded investor probably has more opportunity to understand the investment than even an investor in our traded BDC. So it is I would say even heightened for the non-traded investor--more disclosure, more transparency.    Mr. Gerber. Thank you.    Mr. Gerber. Yes. I think what Mr. Foster wanted to say is it is the excellent representation in Congress that is driving the heavy investment--    Mr. Gerber. I think you hit the nail on the head.    Mr. Gerber. At Franklin Square we have a portfolio company, it is U.S. coatings acquisition. I do think it is in part because of the corporate laws in Delaware and the number of firms that are headquartered there--    Mr. Gerber. I think that is exactly right. Now in our case, our investment has more to do with just the work that is done at the portfolio company. But I think the phenomenon you referenced is--    Mr. Gerber. No. As I mentioned, sir, earlier in my testimony, we have deployed capital in 39 of the 50 States. And between the 3 of us, our entire industry, we have invested in companies in all 50 States. I think it probably depends on the scale of the BDC. In our case we have the largest platform. We have national reach. So we are sourcing deals all over the country.    Mr. Gerber. Sure. In its really most basic form companies are coming to us, looking to grow or looking to stay in business and in need of capital. And when we provide that capital, and as Mr. Arougheti explained, sometimes because of the permanent nature of our funds we can be long-term partners and provide managerial assistance to these firms.    We are helping them stay in business and we are helping them grow. And it does have a direct impact on jobs. In your State, Congressman, Franklin Square alone has 10 portfolio companies. We have deployed over $380 million. And to firms that represent over 33,000 jobs.    Across our entire portfolio we have invested in over 300 companies, representing more than a million jobs. And you heard earlier in our testimony and some of the comments from some of the members of the subcommittee, we are lending primarily to small middle-market all the way up to large middle-market firms.    And they now represent a third of the private sector workforce. So there is a direct correlation between the work that we do in deploying capital and the growth of the middle-market and the job creation in the middle-market.    Mr. Gerber. As Mr. Arougheti said, Volcker doesn't apply to us. But I do think that when we see banks investing in BDCs, it is actually a positive consequence to some degree to the Volcker Rule in that those assets are no longer on the bank's balance sheet. And they are now being invested in a far more transparent environment than in a merchant banking private operation.    So, from our perspective, we don't--Volcker doesn't apply to us. But in looking at it, it doesn't seem to us to be an end-run around Volcker.