    Mr. Rohrabacher. We call to order this hearing of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee.    This afternoon we will hear testimony, expert testimony, on the topic not thought to be, but in reality of great concern and importance, the threat of Islamic extremism inside Russia and what that might mean to the United States and global security.    The fight against violent, radical Islam is one of the major challenges of our time. Islamic terrorists have targeted numerous countries for attack, including the United States and Russia. They have declared war on the modern civilized world. Their barbaric actions in Syria remind us daily of their depravity. They must be stopped and they must be defeated. The future of America, Russia, and, yes, of Western civilization, depends on that. The lives of millions will be in jeopardy if we don't do what is right today.    Given the global nature of this fight, it is in the interests of our national interests to understand the growth of extremism in other parts of the world and in other countries, such as Russia. It is alarming to read reports of Muslims living in peaceful and in free democratic countries being attracted or recruited into radical Islamic terrorism. This frightening reality is happening in Europe and elsewhere. Media reports indicate that over 2,000 Russian-born fighters may have traveled to the Middle East to join ISIL. Our collective inability to stem this tide is both shocking and unnerving.    This afternoon, I look forward to hearing from all of our witnesses. I know Dr. Aron we are pleased to welcome back as a witness, has some unique insights regarding the spread of extremism into Muslim populations inside Russia. We don't normally associate this behavior with such Russian ethnic groups, like the Tatars or others, but we need to know what those details are. We will learn more about this and other things in your testimony.    And also, in the aftermath of the Boston bombing in May 2013, I led a congressional delegation to Russia where we met with Russian Government and intelligence officials and discussed the threat of terrorism and how our governments could potentially cooperate. I have been disappointed that, due to the upheaval in Ukraine, more has not been achieved in implementing cooperation in this area.    Of course, extremist forces continue to plot attacks against both the United States and Russia. It seems plain to me that if we work together we will be better able to protect our people, stop attacks, and kill violent terrorists--something I am personally in favor of as a matter of policy.    Please let me note our discussion today about Russia and the question of finding possible areas of cooperation in no way downplays or overlooks the disappointing situation in Ukraine. As a result, our government has imposed sanctions on Russian officials and institutions. Even with that millstone around our necks, our two governments still manage to achieve an admirable level of cooperation in other areas, like the International Space Station, for example. Perhaps our governments might also make a joint effort to stop the spread of Islamic extremism and the terrorism that flows from it.    Without objection, all members will have 5 legislative days to submit written questions or extraneous materials for the record.    And I will introduce the witnesses after opening statements from Mr. Sires and our colleagues.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you.    Mr. Brooks has no opening statement, but how about Mr. Weber?    Do you have a short opening statement?    Mr. Rohrabacher. He is great. All right.    With that said, I will ask the witnesses to summarize your prepared statements. Hopefully, they are 5-minute summaries, and then we can have a dialogue and have some questions and answers. First, I am going to introduce all of the witnesses, and then we will proceed.    Dr. Leon Aron is a resident scholar and director of Russian Studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Starting this year, he joined the Broadcasting Board of Governors, the organization which oversees operations of international broadcasting, such as Voice of America. He is a widely published author and has earned his Ph.D. at Columbia University.    Simon Saradzhyan is a research fellow at the Kennedy School, Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University. He is also the assistant director of the U.S.-Russia Initiative to Prevent Nuclear Terrorism. Prior, he worked as a journalist in Russia for 15 years, where he covered several major events, including the terrorist attack at Beslan.    Next, we have Dr. Mark Katz, who is a professor of government and politics at George Mason University. He has authored many books and articles, for example, ``Leaving Without Losing: The War on Terror After Iraq and Afghanistan.'' Very fascinating. Thank you. He earned his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.    So we have a very esteemed group of witnesses today, and we appreciate you being with us. And, again, if you could summarize in 5 minutes, we will have a good dialogue on this.    Dr. Aron, you may proceed.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you all for this actually quite diverse view of what is going on and what we should do. I hope maybe by the end of this hearing we can actually come to some conclusions, but you are all so much wiser than I am, I assure you.    All right, Dr. Aron, Dr. Katz just basically called into question whether Assad is actually as anti-ISIL as we have been led to believe. Could you give us your assessment of that, please?    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have how many minutes before we vote? About 7 minutes.    I am going to yield several minutes to you now, and we will come back immediately after the two votes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. We are in recess until immediately after the second vote.    Mr. Rohrabacher. The hearing is called to order. I will finish my questions after Mr. Sires has his chance.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay.    Look, again, there is a wonderful diversity of opinion here and a whole new concept, which I had not heard, and let me just ask then, from your testimony, you are suggesting that Assad is not someone who is as antiradical as we have been led to believe and that he would, and with Mr. Putin's involvement with Assad, is not going to direct them toward ISIL but direct them toward his own--or the nonaligned movement?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So those two groups are not interested in fighting each other, and at least one of them is interested in fighting Assad, and Assad will then focus on, if we help him, only on that group and ISIL? So you are saying the ISIL forces are not at this point attacking Assad's military bases and things such as that and it is the group that we--by the way, just to note, I voted against arming that third force. I thought that was going to turn out the way things did in Iraq.    And so you are suggesting that that group now is, indeed, leading the fight against Assad and that ISIL is not?    Mr. Rohrabacher. But we have seen reports that--and one of the reasons why we voted against doing this is that there have been defections by that third force, supposedly, to ISIL. In fact, one of the major leaders of that group defected, and the report that I read is he now commands a force half of which is made up of people from Chechnya.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Could you tell me what group, was it the third group that you are thinking about or was it ISIL that just captured the--I have trouble pronouncing it--I-D-L-I-B, the Idlib airbase, which was--I think it was 2 weeks ago? It was a major--it was a huge victory for--I assumed it was ISIL at the time, but it was a major defeat for Assad's forces.    Mr. Rohrabacher. So if it was ISIL and not this third force, the basis of your--that would go totally contrary to the basic which you are testifying today?    Mr. Rohrabacher. But if that airbase, which was one of the major battles in the last 6 months, because they have been defending this with their lives and this was a major part of their strategy, if indeed that was an ISIL attack, that does basically contradict your theory.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is correct. So we will find out. I will look into it. The group that did it was al-Nusrah.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And al-Nusrah, to you, is a radical Islamic group?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Yeah. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. So doesn't that go a little bit contrary to what you were testifying?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, with that, and Mr. Sires, and then I will have some other questions later.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you very much.    We are going to have another series, which gives me an excuse to be able to ask some questions as well. And if you would like to ask some more, we will get that in as well.    I would like to place in the record a letter from John Quincy Adams to his fellows about his observations about Russia even as far back as John Quincy Adams, who, I believe, was our first Ambassador to Russia.    And he pointed out in his letter and lengthy analysis that the Russian character had been developed in great part due to its constant fight with Islam on its borders, that the Russia character of actually--and their national spirit--had been brought about by this fact that Islam was in a time of expansion, and Russia and the Russian people bore the brunt of that.    Thus, the idea that something could happen in the Islamic world that would be a great threat to Russians is something that is not just what Putin believes, but something that is engrained in Russian people, who over the years have had tragic incidences with, for example, a school in Beslan. And I went to that area to see that school and to talk to the local people. And they end up with hundreds of their children being murdered, basically. But that is not only. But you go through the years, this has been part of Russia's psyche.    I don't think--look, is there something--I don't think there is anything wrong with a country being led by a ruler who wants their country to be a great country. And I heard Mr. Putin's remarks to the United Nations, and he readily admitted that Russia had discarded the Soviet Union, and this was a new situation, and they are back to what normal countries should be judged by, not by standards that were established during the Cold War when Russia, itself, was being directed by an ideological, zealous clique in the Communist Party, the same way radical Islam is having such a major impact on Islam. The radical Islamists have that type of ability to impact on policies and large numbers of people through their violence.    So I really reject the idea that, well, Putin is only down there and the Russians are only down there to help Assad, their friend, although part of being a great country is making sure that when you make a deal with somebody that you keep the deal even when it gets tough and you don't leave your friends in the lurch after they have risked everything for you. And it seems that in the last few years the United States, as my colleague accidentally indicated, the United States----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yeah, well, we have left a lot of people behind here. And also, the United States policy was what? We had to get rid of Saddam Hussein. We felt compelled to go in and get Saddam Hussein. And now we feel compelled to make sure that Assad in some way doesn't hold power.    I don't get that. I think it was a mistake on our part. And I voted for that to support President Bush when he went into Iraq. That was a horrible mistake. And Saddam Hussein was not our enemy. And guess what, I don't think Assad is our enemy.    And if Russia is indeed there simply to help Assad--and what might happen to Syria, even if Assad is overthrown with non-ISIL forces--I don't think that it was the radicals that necessarily overthrew Qadhafi, but when the moderates overthrew Qadhafi with our help, we ended up with half of Libya now being controlled by radical Islam and a threat to the stability of the whole region.    Maybe Assad is like that. Maybe, no matter who overthrows him, as Mr. Putin was mentioning in his remarks at the U.N., that maybe this will create an unintended consequence of total catastrophe, not just Assad being overthrown by someone who isn't radical, but by the fact that you have a power vacuum then and chaos that will be exploited by these radical forces that are clearly present in that region.    So I personally, number one, think that we ought to start analyzing Russia, which is one of the reasons why you have this hearing, make sure that we understand what motives are going on here. And I don't think it is the motive that we had the same motive that when Khrushchev put the missiles into Cuba. I don't think that is the type of attitude that we are facing in the world today. And that is a lot different and that deserved the outrage that we had at that time.    But Assad being helped by Russia in the face of this type of turmoil, I don't see that this should be on our list of things to thwart, and it seems that our government is.    Back to the actual nature of Russia and radical Islam. Do you think, with all of the testimony we have heard today, I mean, it seems to me that wouldn't a government of Russia be justified in being concerned to hear that there are 5,000 Russian people who might at the end of this come back home and start committing the types of terrorism that is being experienced in different parts of the world? Isn't that a justified fear? Okay, please feel free to comment. Whatever.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yeah, a Tajik city was just taken over by the Taliban. Now, by the way, it is not that somebody is worried about that Russia will fall to these radicals. The issue is whether or not, because these radicals feel that they are now motivated and backed and have experience, that they might go into that country and start killing people in large numbers, whether it is herding a bunch of kids into a school and surrounding them with explosives, or whether it is setting off the type of explosions and things that we have seen in railroad cars in Western Europe.    There are fewer Muslims in Western Europe than what we have in Russia, and they are suffering from attacks, terrorist attacks there.    So, again, I think that the threat to Western civilization, to the non-Muslim world from radical Islam, Islamic terrorists, is real, and it makes sense if someone is also a target for that, that we don't try to do everything we can to undermine their efforts, but instead at least try to find ways to cooperate. That is what this hearing is all about.    And my colleague will now have his questions.    Mr. Rohrabacher. It is for the record.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is called patriotism, right?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let's give our panelists each 1 minute to summarize what they would like to summarize on the issue, but 1 minute. And then the chairman, with his prerogative, will have a final statement as well. Then you can go.    Dr. Aron, do you want to give us 1 minute?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Dr. Katz.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you all for joining us today. Just a few short thoughts, and that is, let us remember that when Saddam Hussein was eliminated it brought chaos. When Qadhafi was eliminated it brought chaos. There were alternatives there, you know, Qadhafi in particular, but also with Saddam Hussein.    And we were told that this third force was our alternative to Assad. And I think the Russians are very concerned that even if Assad is eliminated by this third force, even if that is the case, you are going to have just what happened in these other countries--chaos, which is then exploited by the most radical Islamic forces within those societies.    And what would that impact on Russia, which we described today? This is a greater concern than actually is in Western Europe. And we can see what is going on, the frantic way Western Europe is dealing with radical Islam and the impact of it.    President Putin just gave--not just, several months ago, I think it must have been 6 months to a year ago now--went down and provided President el-Sisi of Egypt $2 billion worth of credit--$2 billion--even at a time in which we have had testimony of a weakness in the economy of Russia. Now, why did that happen? Is that just because he wants Russia to dominate Egypt?    Listen, Russia is a--like England and other great countries in the world, in China, in Japan, in India, and these countries--these are great countries of the world that their leaders calculate what is good for their country. And in the long run, I believe the reason why that $2 billion and that help to General el-Sisi was coming forward was because Putin acknowledges that if radical Islam were to take over in Egypt, that these other countries would be swept away in the Gulf and you would have radical Islam pouring into Central Asia, and that would dramatically impact the security of his country and the future of the world.    And I think that there is some strategic thinking going on rather than simply he is a tough guy showing his muscles to the world and he is a gangster thug, which is usually the answers you get when you are trying to come up with a real analysis of what the hell is going on with Russia and these various parts of the world.    So with that said, I think we need, I think the United States needs to cooperate with people who are going to help us defeat radical Islamic terrorism, whether it is Putin, or whether it is Assad, or whether who that is, because those people, especially, have the United States in target for their terrorism.    If a nuclear bomb goes off from a terrorist group in the United States, it won't be from Russia, it won't be from Assad, it won't be probably from Japan or any of these other countries. It will be from radical Islamic terrorists. And if we are going to protect our people, we have got to be rational and we have got to reach out to those people who are the enemy of our enemy. And I buy that formula, and I think it will make us safer.    And with that said, I appreciate the insights that this panel has given us today in understanding the world and having some good thoughts about what strategies we can use.    So this hearing is now adjourned.