    Ms. Cooper. Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, and members of the subcommittee, good morning and thank you for this opportunity.    At IHEP we focus on issues related to college access and success for low-income and first-generation students. We recognize the important role of colleges and universities in serving these students.    Given that, I would like to discuss the role of minority-serving institutions, MSIs, which serve large numbers of first-generation and low-income students.    Most MSIs are public institutions. For example, the majority of the 409 Hispanic-serving institutions and 296 emerging HSIs are public, with 46 percent of HSIs being community colleges.    Almost half of all students at MSIs receive Pell Grants, with even greater numbers of Pell recipients attending HBCUs and tribal colleges. While the term ``MSIs'' refer to institutions with similar student profiles, these schools do have different histories and missions. Unlike other MSIs, the mission of tribal colleges and HBCUs have deep historical roots in the communities that they serve.    Many MSIs have strategies for educating low-income and first-generation students. I will mention a few, but before doing so, I want to stress the role of federal policymaking in supporting these students who can be found not only at MSIs but at other institutions, as well.    Therefore, for federal policymaking I offer four recommendations.    First, collect and provide more useful and usable data to students and their families. Students need clear and reliable data presented in user-friendly ways to inform their college choices and decisions. Likewise, policymakers need more comprehensive data to inform policy conversations and decision-making.    Second, increase the investment in the Pell Grant and simplify the financial aid process. Even though many MSIs try to hold tuition to levels that are relatively affordable, students still rely heavily on financial aid. To support these students, we must maintain and possibly even increase Pell Grant funding. We also need to simplify the financial aid process.    Third, we must increase support for TRIO and GEAR UP. Over a million students combined benefit from TRIO and GEAR UP. With a stronger investment, both programs could help so many more students, especially since the need is ever growing.    More details about these three recommendations can be found in the written testimony and I am happy to discuss.    My fourth recommendation brings me back to MSIs. I recommend that policymakers set high expectations for MSIs and support those that serve their students well. Many MSI leaders have already taken steps to improve student outcomes and institutional outcomes.    For example, the University of Texas at El Paso and St. Edward's University prioritize success for Hispanic students, which is evident by their strong outcomes and high graduation rates. St. Edward's actually has the highest graduation rate of all HSIs, at 72 percent. U.T. El Paso also offers dual enrollment with the local high schools and the local community college, which helps to reduce cost and time to degree.    At HBCUs, like Fayetteville State University and Norfolk State University, faculty and student affairs collaborate on data-driven solutions to support students. Fayetteville State targeted efforts towards their men of color, and both institutions strengthened teaching and learning practices.    Also, there are MSIs like California State, Northridge, which intentionally increased the enrollment of their Pell Grant recipients and first-generation students even as the state cut its budget. And there is North Carolina Central University, which eliminated waste and inefficiencies in several program areas and then funneled those savings into student success efforts.    Institutional reforms like these examples are rarely discussed at the national level. Even when faced with chronic underfunding, these and other college leaders have simply decided to do more with less. While I recognize that this is an honorable strategy, doing more with less is not a sustainable strategy.    In conclusion, it is important for federal policymakers to enhance support for MSIs that are enrolling and, most importantly, graduating and preparing their students to lead productive lives.    Thank you.    Ms. Cooper. I think that we definitely have to be mindful of the regulatory burden that institutions are certainly very vocal about and bringing to our attention. There are several things that I think could be done, and I think we need to first of all consider what are we asking them and whether or not it continues to be appropriate for the current context.    Many questions and many of the things required currently in these reporting requirements are outdated; we simply no longer need them. And I think we need to start and focus on what are the kinds of questions that we need to ask, and what are the types of metrics that we need to gather in order to be able to answer them effectively.    I would suggest looking at things like access, progression, cost, and post-college outcomes to start. I also note that there has recently been a regulatory task force that was convened by the American Council on Education that looked at this issue, and I think that they have some good recommendations, as well, that offer us a starting point.    Ms. Cooper. Thank you for your question.    I think it is unfortunate that the changes to the program denied so many students immediate access to college. Many of them had to drop out mid-semester. And certainly all institutions had the impact of this change in the loan program, but we saw it most dramatically at many of the HBCUs, as you mentioned.    I think it is important that when we think about the changes to the Parent PLUS loan program, as well as any changes to financial aid, is that we keep them in the context of the broader conversation of college affordability, which is a complicated conversation--one that involves the states and their role in supporting affordability, but also institutions and their budgets, as well as the federal government.    So while the federal government certainly controls the federal PLUS loan component of that, we have to have a conversation with the other entities to make sure that college costs are maintaining a more affordable level so that we don't have the types of dramatic impacts that we saw when those changes took place.    Ms. Cooper. That is a great question. Thank you.    I think it is absolutely correct that HBCUs enroll a number of students who come with academic challenges. They enroll a number of students who come with financial challenges. And these institutions have historically been chronically underfunded.    So they are really trying to do a lot with the most neediest students.    My advice is to make sure that we are supporting these institutions, but supporting them in ways that foster student outcomes and better student outcomes. We want to make sure that we are creating a viable pathway for these students to come into the institution, to get a degree that gains--earns them some value, but we also want them to graduate.    That is very important and it is a challenge for HBCUs because of the demographic of that population, but it is not impossible. And we have seen evidence of that in many institutions across the country who are really, you know, owning their student population and saying, ``We are going to do whatever it takes to serve them well.''    So my advice to the federal government is to support that, to show evidence of that, and to raise the visibility of those institutions who are doing a tremendous job. We don't hear about those stories enough.    Ms. Cooper. Could you please repeat that for me one more time?    Ms. Cooper. The Pell Grant program is the centerpiece of the financial aid program, and certainly we need them at all these institutions, but minority-serving institutions that are serving high numbers of students who have financial challenges need them tremendously, so we have to make sure that we are investing in that--    Ms. Cooper. Certainly. Thank you.    So programs like competency-based education and a number of these other types of innovations that we see and are hearing more and more about certainly have some promise. I think that we should continue to study them; we should continue to explore the efficacy of them and how they are not only serving students, but providing them with post-college outcomes that give them long-lasting, positive effects.    Ms. Cooper. Sometimes that is the case. What we have often found is that for a low-income and first-generation student the best approach is usually either if not--if it can't be fully in a classroom, some type of a hybrid model, where you have some face time that is one-on-one with an instructor as well as the use of technology.    Ms. Cooper. We certainly know that the year-round Pell program adds value to these low-income students. They are able to enroll at a continuous pace and graduate more on time. So we hope that those types of programs can come back.    Ms. Cooper. It is the flexibility, as you say. It is the flexibility that accommodates the nuances of their lifestyle.