    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. I appreciate the invitation to appear before you today.    As has been noted, Federal agencies spend nearly three-quarters of their IT budgets maintaining legacy systems. They are particularly vulnerable to malicious cyber activity, and they are often unable to utilize current cybersecurity best practices, such as data encryption, multifactor authentication, and other techniques.    But in addition to posing security vulnerabilities, these systems are often very inefficient and subject to rising costs over time, and the inability to meet mission requirements. To address these challenges, the administration has proposed the creation of an information technology modernization fund to facilitate the transition of Federal systems to more secure, cost-effective, and more modern infrastructure, such as cloud platforms.    The ITMF would address these challenges associated with legacy IT by better aligning with the following private sector best practices.    First, a board of experts acting independently of any one agency will review agency proposals and select the highest priority projects across the government, ensuring that the Federal Government's most pressing and highest risk systems are targeted for replacement.    Second, the ITMF will require agencies to pay back the funds as projects complete. Doing so will ensure that projects receive significant buy-in and attention from agency leadership, and that, over time, the ITMF is self-sustaining and continues to support future modernization projects. We estimate that the $3.1 billion in one-time seed funding could address at least $12 billion in modernization projects over the first 10 years and would continue to remain available in the future.    Third, experts in IT acquisition and development will provide expertise to agencies in implementing their modernization plans. To increase the probability of success, every project that receives funding will have access to centralized expertise, including a public-facing dashboard that tracks key milestones and financial expenditure data.    Fourth, the ITMF will have the ability to provide funding in smaller increments tied to real-world delivery of working products. This agile approach ensures that agencies employ modern development techniques and that these funds support successful projects.    Finally, by requiring agencies to apply and compete for incremental funding, the ITMF will provide strong incentives for agency leadership to develop and implement comprehensive, high-quality, and cost-effective modernization plans.    Retiring or modernizing vulnerable and inefficient legacy IT systems will not only make the government more secure, it will also save us money. As a means of acting on this necessary next step, we look forward to working with Congress on enacting the ITMF, which will enhance agencies' ability to protect sensitive data, reduce costs, and deliver world-class digital services to the American people.    I thank the committee for holding this hearing, and I would be pleased to answer any questions that you might have.    Mr. Scott. There is a data collection effort underway currently where we hope to gain better insight into actually what it is. I would say that some of this is problematic in the sense that much of the data isn't automated in the sense that you can just push a button and get a digital report in the as-is environment. So we don't have a comprehensive ----    Mr. Scott. Correct.    Mr. Connolly.--not all of which are compatible; multiple HR systems, not all of which are compatible; huge numbers of data centers that proliferated, and God only knows what coordination exists among the thousands of data centers we are trying to consolidate; and legacy systems. And on top of legacy systems, isn't it also true we have widely distributed software products that also need updating or patching?    Mr. Scott. This is correct. One of the techniques we have used to estimate the level of legacy systems is I recently went to some of our key suppliers of network storage computer equipment and asked them to provide us data in terms of what they know about the Federal Government.    One of the interesting things coming back was, in many cases, we pay for support contracts for hardware, software that they have sold the Federal Government.    I asked them to look at what is either expired or will expire in the next 3 years, to try to get some handle on what that might look like, just from their own records.    These are systems that we are paying today for support contracts on.    In just the next 3 years, we will have over $3 billion worth of hardware, software, and services that will go out of support, meaning no spare parts, no patches, no upgrades, no security.    Mr. Scott. That sounds about right, yes.    Mr. Scott. We don't have an accurate estimate of that. We've tried to triangulate it in a number of different ways. That's why we ended up with the $3 billion proposal. We think that is at the low end of what would be required to make a meaningful start to this.    But I think the more important concept we should all embrace is, given the rapid advance of technology, we really need to get into a continuous upgrade mode, not a ``wait until it breaks'' mode.    Mr. Scott. I agree with the wide observation that there is an opportunity to save money. The challenge is, as was already said, a lot of that money is spent on just keeping the lights on the current old stuff.    Unfortunately, we cannot shut that off until we have a replacement in place, so you cannot actually capture the savings until after you have done something to replace it. That is why this concept is important.    Mr. Scott. Yes, I think it would make sense to say, if you missed multiple generations of the opportunity to improve your computing environment, you are wasting money. It is very clear.    Mr. Scott. Well, I think our guidance as proposed would rate projects that use cloud, use these more modern techniques, the buy-by-the-drink kind of thing, versus build it yourself. That is a high-scoring criteria for those projects.    Mr. Scott. You have to have a replacement strategy and often that means leasing.    Mr. Scott. Generally, it is an environment that leverages the power of virtualization, of compute, of storage, of networking, as though it were one operating system that allows individual programs to scale up or scale down and get better asset utilization in aggregate than would be the case in the alternative, which is to have a bunch of individual servers.    It is often surrounded by sets of utilities and other mechanisms that allow for the provisioning and de-provisioning of computer environments very quickly, which also saves time and makes IT more efficient.    Mr. Scott. One of the benefits of the cloud is the agility factor, and then just the scale that most cloud environments exist in.    So I used to talk about the double-double rule as the primary way by which system engineers create and compute. If you are in the old days an engineer and you are configuring a server, you would figure out what it was going to take to support that application. You would double it, and then you would double it again. That was just an unwritten rule about how engineers would configure systems.    So it was no wonder that when you went into the data center, you would find things running at 15 percent or 20 percent of their capacity.    What cloud does is aggregate all of that together. Then you can run the whole plant at 70 percent, 80 percent, or 90 percent efficiency instead of 15 percent. That saves money.    Mr. Scott. As we have talked with agencies about their plans, we have highlighted the opportunity to do that and ask questions. We are requiring them to show us what their modernization plans are and highly favoring both cloud but also virtualization and other modern development techniques. We are encouraging the buying of services rather than developing them themselves. We are also encouraging the use of shared services.    So one of the challenges is, in the old world, every agency thought it had to do everything top to bottom by itself. As was mentioned in the case of email or shared networks or payroll systems or financial systems, there is a great opportunity to use more shared services and not have every agency do everything top to bottom on its own.    Mr. Scott. We have a FedRAMP standard that takes all of the best practices of security and puts together a template and a process that providers can certify against that includes background checks and other things like that on the people that are actually operating the systems, and, taken altogether, is much more comprehensive than what we would typically find in a sampling of individual agencies or individual environments.    These are businesses that depend on high security for their reputation and future business models, so they often take it far more seriously and can put the resources toward it that maybe a small organization might not be able to.    Mr. Scott. Yes, in fact, if we can show the chart that I brought, I don't know if they can put that up.    What we did is we studied--we took a sample out of our database of projects across the Federal Government, this is across hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of investments, where there was an injection of modernization money prior to 2013. Then we looked and we compared that against projects where there was no injection, and what happened to the maintenance costs of those investments over time.    What you see is a very clear trend. Where there was no injection of money to go fix things, costs continued to rise at a rate of around 6 percent.    Mr. Scott. I think we would see, if we factored all those factors in, an even sharper drop. In cases, as shown in the chart there, where there was an investment, costs would continue to go down at a much faster rate. So they went down at least 5 percent a year on average, where there was an ----    Mr. Scott. Well, this is actual data over an at least 4-year period, based on actual experience in the government, so I think it proves the case.    Mr. Scott. It depends. Some are Senate confirmed. Most are appointed politically.    Mr. Scott. Yes, and we collect--I am the chief information officer, not the chief financial officer, but it is our ----    Mr. Scott. Correct. We aggregate and then submit to Congress.    Mr. Scott. Right.    Mr. Scott. I don't know off the top my head. I would have to check and get back to you. I don't know ----    Mr. Scott. We submit to Congress what has been submitted to us.    Mr. Scott. Oh, I see.    Mr. Scott. Yes, we are not required by the law ----    Mr. Scott. That is our ----    Mr. Scott. Our legal counsel has given us that ----    Mr. Scott. That is the opinion we have gotten.    Mr. Scott. I have asked multiple times.    Mr. Scott. If we are required to, I think it sets a bad example, correct.    Mr. Scott. I will go back and check and report back to you.    Mr. Scott. That is not my call, sir.    Mr. Scott. It was a discussion and that was the conclusion that we came to.    Mr. Scott. Again, our intent is to comply with the law.    Mr. Scott. I don't have an opinion on that, sir.    Mr. Scott. About 1.5 years, sir.    Mr. Scott. That's correct.    Mr. Scott. Sure, I'd be happy to.    I would say, in answer to one of your questions, I do think we are making progress, just not fast enough and comprehensively enough. Almost every agency is trying to prioritize in some way or another, and address the most urgent issues. But what we see quite often is that it takes too long for them to put together the money to go do the replacement, or to try to harvest savings to put together in one place to go fix things.    I think there is a broader set of issues that ITMF tries to address.    Comprehensively, what it does is marries management, money, and a different mode of operation than the pattern that we have been in. The world of digitization, and our government is digitizing just like every other enterprise, digitization starts to tear down traditional boundaries of the org chart, and so on, and comes at what we do from a citizen-centric perspective.    Today, because of our boundaries and our funding models and the way we have architected IT, we require our citizens to decode our org chart in a way that, frankly, they don't want to do.    So this modernization fund relies on principles that we borrowed from the private sector. If you are in the private sector, you go to a capital committee, and you come in and you make a business case for why you want to do what you're going to do. And the capital committee evaluates your ability to do that. They look at the business case. They ensure the commitment, that the money is going to get paid back.    We think that that commitment of management, along with this different mode of operation that we are proposing, will start to help us along the path to a much more and needed modernization of our Federal Government.    I will note as well that if we continue to do the same thing we have been doing before, we are just making the situation worse. A good friend of mine once told me, if you are riding a dead horse, best dismount. I think it is time for us to dismount from this past practice and get onto a more modern method.    Mr. Scott. Certainly.    Mr. Scott. Well, there are a couple things we're doing.    First of all, we're putting together a set of requirements that will require the agencies to identify modernization efforts in a much more comprehensive way, whether this fund comes through or not.    Secondly, we are revising the job descriptions for CIOs to make sure that, as we hire future CIOs, we get the right kind of talent in place.    Frankly, this is important work, and I think there are quite a number of people who, given the right point in their career, are perfectly willing to come and do public service and help fix this, if there is hope that they can make progress. Nobody wants to come in and say, ``I just want to be saddled with the old dead horse way of doing things.'' So I think that is key to attracting talent and continuing to make progress on this.    Lastly, I will say I intend to be involved and influence one way or another even beyond this job. I think it is critically important that we do this. I think our relevance to citizens is going to depend on how good a job we do in this area.    The ITMF is my best guess about the fastest way to accelerate progress toward that goal. I'm happy to listen to any other alternatives.    What I do know is what won't work. Going around tin-cupping 7,000 different investments across the Federal Government is the slow way to nowhere, as far as I'm concerned.    Mr. Scott. Let me clarify the guidance that you are referring to. As a part of the Cyber National Action Plan, and the earlier Cyber Sprint, we asked agencies to look at their high-value assets, and then some corrective measures were taken immediately on the initial set of things.    There is a review going on now with a larger set of identified high-value assets. That is in progress right now.    Mr. Scott. Let me talk about our guidance, generally.    It is best practice to constantly be evaluating your systems for all kinds of different things. Risk would be one of the factors that you would look at there. Technology obsolescence would be another one. So that is, in fact, a part of our guidance.    Mr. Scott. It is work in progress right now.    Mr. Scott. That is correct.    Mr. Scott. Essentially, as projects get funded, and then either go live or--each project would have its own contracted repayment schedule. As those funds are paid back to the fund, they could then be reused for the next series of projects.    As was mentioned before, one of the criteria for funding a project would be its elimination of risk, its adoption of modern technology, and the business case that underlies it.    So we think there is a high likelihood, given the governance model we put in place, that the funds would both be repaid, but also be able to be reused.    Mr. Scott. The modernization fund could supplement what an agency has in its budget and accelerate plans. That is one example. We have seen cases where agencies are doing the right thing, but they have a project that will last 5 or 6 or 7 years, and they tell us they could do it in 2 or 3 years, save a ton of money, and start the savings actually that would come from modernization much sooner.    That is just one example of a business case.    Mr. Scott. That is our proposal.    Mr. Scott. Sure. The idea behind the board is we wanted to take a more holistic look at the factors that make a project successful. So is the right governance in place? Is this the right technical architecture? Do we have the right procurement strategy in place? Do the economics make sense?    Some of those kinds of factors that, frankly, in the private sector are now just the norm and are sometimes missing from what we see.    But we also, and this is an important point, want to encourage cross-agency collaboration for shared services in some of these projects. Getting that to work across agencies is not a mechanism that works terribly well today.    Mr. Scott. Correct.    Mr. Scott. First, the sharing of best practices as we find them in the Federal Government is one of the key things, but we would also leverage expertise from the private sector and make sure that that was available to projects that are funded by the fund.    Mr. Scott. Well, I think our common experience in the private sector is that if you get in a continuous refresh mode, you can either do one of two things. You can either can increase your capacity or you can lower costs, or something in between.    I think, in this case, we will see some of both. We have, certainly, agencies where there is more demand than we can satisfy today, and some of the savings could be used to address that demand. But we have many other cases, such as data center consolidation, where this activity would accelerate consolidation and accelerate savings, and that money could then be used for other purposes.    Mr. Scott. I'm quite comfortable in that. You saw it in the chart that I showed earlier. We have direct evidence where injection of modernization funds leads to savings, and the question is just, do we want to accelerate that?    Mr. Scott. Well, I think the risk that we all see is that we have an accelerating amount of risk. The longer we don't address these ----    Mr. Scott. That is the greater risk. I am quite concerned about it, in total.    In particular, it is not just applications. We also have to address the infrastructure, the networks and the storage and all of the other components, not just the applications. We have to address this holistically.    Mr. Scott. Sure. I'll be quick, because I think I have said most of what I had to say earlier.    But I appreciate the support this committee has shown for this important topic. And in formulating the idea for the modernization fund, we looked at a number of different alternatives. Our team at OMB asked a bunch of hard questions about how else could we do this, what would be the best way, what is faster rather than slower, what is more effective? We borrowed heavily from private sector best practice, in terms of formulating this.    While we are open to any alternative that makes sense, it is our recommendation at this point that this is the best we can think of, in terms of how to go forward.    So I appreciate all the support that we felt in a bipartisan way on this topic. Thank you.