    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Curry, you mentioned uncertainty and the importance of understanding the actual climate variability. Before inferring sensitivity to greenhouse gases and how there has been a hiatus in global warming since '98, could you explain how the Administration claims that 2014 is the warmest year on record?    Mr. Palmer. Can you discuss to what degree our understanding of these issues are uncertain? You know, what are the current key gaps in our understanding? Talk about the models if you don't mind.    Mr. Palmer. When you mention clouds, you're referring to water vapor as well, right?    Mr. Palmer. Is it also true that what we found in measurements in terms of deep atmosphere is in conflict with what the models should have shown?    Mr. Palmer. Is it also true that the modeling does not reflect what has actually occurred over the last 30 or so years? There's a discrepancy--a wide variance in what the models would have shown that the temperature would be versus what it actually was?    Mr. Palmer. Then in your experience do you think this sort of rhetoric coming from the White House is unprecedented to the scientific community?    Mr. Palmer. Given the status of some of the scientists who raised these issues about the fallibility of the models----    Mr. Palmer. --and the uncertainty of the science, does that reflect well on how these issues should be debated?    Mr. Palmer. If I may, I'd like to ask one question of Dr. Thorning.    Dr. Thorning, the Administration continues to assert that the United States can substitute renewable energy for fossil eco-energy without negative consequences. As a matter of fact, they think that we should be at 80 percent renewables within the next two or three decades. Can you explain why we can't just rely on renewables?    Mr. Palmer. May I interject something right there just for a moment? If you have to back them up with natural gas or other fossil fuels, does that not indicate that renewables are not reliable?    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Curry, it's very timely that you would end that last comment on talking about climate variability. It was mentioned earlier about the drought in California. Isn't it true that the recent research has indicated that California has been through much more severe droughts in the immediate ancient past? And we have had a series of droughts. We had a drought in the American Southwest in the 13th century that apparently contributed to the decline of the Pueblo cities. Tree rings indicate that we had a major drought in the Mississippi River basin between the 14th and 15th centuries that contributed to the disappearance of the Mississippian culture. And we have had three major droughts in the 19th century, mid-1850s, 1870s, 1890s, and then the Dust Bowl drought of the 1930s. Could you comment on that, what might have caused those?    Mr. Palmer. Would you conclude that a drought that lasted a century or more would be considered a severe weather event?    Mr. Palmer. All right. Well, that makes my point, though, I think that when you have major changes in climate and attribute it to anything manmade, I think it calls into question some of the modeling. And I think it was you that made the point about the Little Ice Age, but not much is discussed about the warming period, the medieval warming period that occurred prior to that that I don't think can be attributed to anything anthropogenic.    So thank you, Mr. Massie.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it.    Mr. Palmer. I yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Palmer. Yes, Mr. Chairman. I would like to enter into the record a report called ``Activist Facts.''    Mr. Palmer. Thank you.