    Mr. Ignizio. Thank you, Chairman Donovan, esteemed Members of the subcommittee--oh, I'm sorry, pardon me. I am already rolling right into it.    Mr. Ignizio. All right. Thank you, Congressman, for the second time. I beg your indulgence. I am having a vision issue, so if you see me squint or look funny, I am having a problem with my contacts, so bear that in mind. I will paraphrase some of my testimony, and my testimony is submitted for the record, Mr. Chairman.    I believe I have the unique position of being in the non-profit sector after having been an elected official during Sandy over 3\1/2\ years ago. I can't believe it has been that long, and yet it feels like yesterday.    I am grateful for the invitation to speak before you, Mr. Chairman, as I have before the U.S. Senate on recovery. As the representative for the South Shore, I first-hand saw what worked, saw what didn't work, and what needs improvement out here on Staten Island.    During the evening of the storm, I found myself, as Staten Island quite often does, alone, because what happens is they shut the bridges down, and then Staten Island is on its own. The best efforts of the pre-deployed assets only worked so much depending on what was pre-deployed here. What we found is that there was not a sufficient amount of pre-deployed assets in the borough, and then when they shut the bridges down because of the winds, because of the rain, Staten Island is really on its own.    This is not a criticism. It is just a fact of life of being on an island.    Borough president and then-New York City Councilman and I found ourselves on Facebook trying to assist the police and fire department about where people were stuck in their homes. 9-1-1 either was not working or was overburdened, causing an issue for the police department to try to find and assist people.    The surge was what was the greatest impact here on Staten Island, as you know, Mr. Chairman, and a countless amount of homes were damaged. The morning after, eerily quiet. With much of the power on Staten Island out, the internet, phones and smartphones were inoperable. Even as an elected official, I couldn't communicate the plight of my constituents with City Hall, as there were no ways to communicate with them. I actually found a way at the end of Arden Avenue to finally reach a cell tower in your home State, Mr. Payne, of New Jersey. We actually picked up a signal from Keansburg. I wonder to today why our cell system was out and some duplicative systems that need to be in place to ensure that emergency communication would occur in those situations.    Emergency shelters were soon swamped with donations and neighbors trying to help each other. It actually became a burden to the shelter system itself, and Catholic Charities really became the assistance in that. They agreed to set up a distribution center which would help provide assistance to the citizens in supplies, everything from water, which subsequently became sheetrock, which subsequently became helping rebuilding their homes. It is appropriate to note that New York City has a hazy remembrance of this scenario in that we have been working very hard with the city administration to try to receive some sort of reimbursement for the time that our facility was utilized with the massive amount of trucks and the infrastructure cost that we absorbed. We are working with them. We hope to have a solution in short order.    Since Hurricane Sandy dealt a blow to our community, we have all been working together for a better Staten Island response, non-profit organizations overall. We at Catholic Charities became the distribution center to the South Shore to build a rapid repair center, as well as the case management center for people in need. Our board chairman, Jerry McEnerney, Monsignor Sullivan, who leads all of Catholic Charities for the New York Archdiocese, played a vital role in ensuring this partnership would serve the community needs first and foremost.    We knew we needed to act expeditiously, and that is the real lesson that we learned. The first people on the ground, Mr. Chairman and Congressman, were the non-profit organizations. They go out--your churches, your local churches, your faith-based organizations, they go out and they help people first while Government has to work through the processes that are mandated by the system.    What we are doing now is we have learned to plan, to pre-deploy even in the communities in the non-profit organizations. Toward that end, we have partnered with Guyon Rescue, a local organization that helps communities and families after Sandy house a trailer on our campus, which would be stocked with needs, God forbid, of a future emergency that would allow for a quick and rapid deployment.    Staten Island organizations as a whole have been working together to better understand the resources we each have and how we can use them more efficiently. Non-profit organizations like the Jewish Community Center, Project Hospitality, and local churches have been working on emergency preparedness planning individually in their own group, and then as a group, on how we can all work together.    Working together with government on all levels will ensure that we learn the lessons from the past while making us ready for the future, God forbid a storm comes our way. With just 1 year of this job under my belt, I can say that non-profit organizations are working very hard. Having this committee meeting on Staten Island is a strong statement, Mr. Chairman, and I commend you for doing so.    So much has changed on Staten Island, but Staten Island has really come out stronger than it was before. We still have much to learn and hope your commitment and great staff can assist us in making sure that we are better prepared.    In closing, I wanted to thank the great corporate partners that we had during Sandy to assist us as well, everything from Tyson Chicken to Walmart to faith-based organizations from across the country. There are too many to name, but they were here and they were assisting us when we needed it most. The massive allocation of Federal funds was and is appreciated. We have made and will continue to make Staten Island stronger and more resilient than it was prior to the storm. We only hope that the larger projects still in the planning stages will come sooner than later and, God forbid, a storm hits again.    We at Catholic Charities of Staten Island fully intend on being part of the solution and welcome any questions and feedback you have for us.    Mr. Ignizio. Well, I can speak to Staten Island from both sides. Look, my concern is that it occurs, if that does occur, on a county level, on the closest level to the people. If you have the Federal Government coordinating it--I mean, it was quite some time before we saw any assistance from the Federal Government. It was several days, and those first couple of days are the ones that mean the most to the Staten Island community. There were times when they were literally out of their homes, literally don't have water. There were people who were stuck in their attic, as you will recall. There were some very scary times during the initial 48 hours and thereafter. So I would be reticent to support a large organization or a large Governmental entity that is going to oversee.    What needs to occur is--and I think our president has been working on this, and non-profits on Staten Island have been meeting to say, OK, we are going non-profits, what resources do we have geographically, and then what resources do we have to be able to support in case of another emergency. Those conversations have been on-going and continue to be, and I think we are more prepared for the future just in case. We know now that if something happens, the South Shore, the Mount Loretto campus, which is 170 acres, which has massive abilities, has the ability to act as a distribution center, has the ability to act. We know that the JCC is always there in mid-Island. I don't mean one juxtaposed to another. We know geographically that there are folks who want to help throughout Staten Island.    I think county-based is the way to go, and I think the borough president has been trying to bring that together as well, and I think that is the more appropriate forum for it.    Mr. Ignizio. Well, I can speak for myself. Currently, they don't. We have not had the level of outreach that we would like, and that is why we are happy to learn of the county role. We are working amongst each other, the other non-profits on Staten Island, to identify resources we have and how to redeploy them or deploy them as needed to help Staten Island.    The reality is that non-profits do it better. We do it faster. We are on the ground that day. Waiting for the cavalry to arrive is fine, but you need help immediately, and I think we do it better, more efficiently and, quite frankly, more cost-effectively. So I would encourage the Federal Government to invest, not necessarily with funds but to invest in helping non-profit organizations become that safety net for when real disaster strikes to be there on the ground immediately.    Mr. Ignizio. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ignizio. Can I make a point with that? I mean, Brad will remember when we had the issue in New Dorp, we had members of the Mexican population, many of which were undocumented, who refused to take any assistance at all because they were afraid that writing their name and their address on a piece of paper would end up with them having issues with the Federal Government thereafter. So it wasn't until I think it was Make the Road who came in and started going door to door with help to let people know we are just here to help, we are just here to triage, there is no issue with regards to your status in the country, that they started accepting some assistance; because, if you recall, that was a big problem that we had primarily, as I recall, in the New Dorp area.    Mr. Ignizio. I will just add one thing. Some ways the Federal Government can be helpful is with their vast amount of resources. So we have a 170-acre campus. You have a storm coming. We can welcome, if you will, redeployed assets onto our campus for, God forbid, if it is needed and hope that it is not. That type of pre-coordination is something that we as Catholic Charities of Staten Island would welcome at both of our sites, either at Port Richmond or at Mount Loretto. The vast amount of resources that the Federal Government has, if it is placed there at the beginning of the season or a week before we hear a hurricane is coming, we would be happy--we want to be a part of the solution. We don't want what occurred to occur again.    I recall us looking for buses to be able to bring people to and from the shelter system, and where are we going to get them from, from the MTA, from the school system, things like that. Maybe the Federal Government has ways of being helpful, we have supplies, we have buses, we have apparatus in place that we can bring in before a disaster strikes that can be helpful. Should the storm not occur or it not be as serious, then it just goes back to where it was.