    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. We have relations with I think close to 200 countries. The default position is we don't give them money. So those who suggest aid to Pakistan have got to show that there is a strong justification for doing so. The evidence is not encouraging.    General Musharraf spoke on television in February about how Pakistan supported--provided support for Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, also known as LeT, and to the JeM, and essentially said terrorism was fine as long as it is directed at India. His remarks didn't provoke much of a reaction because much of the power structure in Pakistan agrees with him.    The Pakistani Government, as our chairman just pointed out, continues to hold Dr. Afridi. So not only do they shelter bin Laden, they punish those who helped us unshelter bin Laden. And the military establishment in Pakistan stokes paranoia about India, meddles in Afghanistan, and seems to be trying to weaken Afghanistan, so as to have a divided Pashtun population.    Regardless of how we answer the friend or foe question, our relationship with Pakistan is important. But keep in mind, you would think we would only provide aid to those countries where we don't have to ask the question: Friend or foe? But Pakistan is a nation of 180 billion people with a history of terrorist activities, 100 nuclear weapons, very confused body politic. The administration is requesting money for Pakistan in a number of different accounts, including 740 million of assistance on the civilian side, 265 million on the military side, and aid in other categories as well.    You would think that we would at least condition a large portion of this aid on the release of Dr. Afridi and his family. Providing more assistance to a government that has supported terrorists and has shown itself not very capable or serious about combatting terrorism may not be the very best use of taxpayer money.    We should be looking to reorient the money we do spend. I would like to focus on three things: Human rights, education, and public diplomacy. First, the Pakistani Government has a regrettable record of oppressing some of the major components of its country, large minorities, including the Sindh and the Baloch. Free speech and political dialogue are restricted.    Extrajudicial killings are common. For example, Anwar Leghari, the brother of a dear friend of mine, was assassinated in Sindh just last year, and the Pakistani Government has closed the file. I want to thank our State Department for at least raising a question. They have reopened the file, but that doesn't mean they will actually do anything.    A country with blasphemy laws is just begging individuals to claim that minorities have said this or that, unprovable, and them impose terrible penalties on someone they happen to dislike. It is no surprise that extremism flourishes in this environment.    Second, education. Pakistan must reform its education system. Many textbooks contain content that perpetuates minority stereotypes and feeds support for Islamic extremism. A lack of government-funded schools has led to an increase in the number of extremist madrassas in Sindh and other places in Pakistan. Girls are often denied education.    As I proposed I think at our last hearing, if we do provide aid, we ought to provide free textbooks, so that parents don't have that burden, aren't tempted to send their kids to a madrassa, and so that the textbooks, while they may not reflect all red, white, and blue values, will at least not contain material that would be an anathema to the American people.    And, finally, it is very hard for corrupt people to steal textbooks, especially in a country where the textbooks are made free by the American people.    I co-chair the Sindh Caucus, and so I focused on southern Pakistan in particular. And I have worked to make sure that we communicate to Sindh and other parts of Pakistan through Voice of America in the language people speak in their homes. The importance of Pakistan seems to be so overwhelming that we spend billions of dollars giving it to a government that supports terrorism, but we don't spend $1.5 broadcasting in the Sindhi language. What a bizarre approach. What a pro-Islamabad approach. What an approach that does not match America's interest.    Finally, if we are going to win over the Muslim world, we need to have the State Department maybe hire one or a few people--fewer people that are experts in the 1800s European diplomacy and hire at least one person whose job description says ``understand the Quran, the hadith,'' you don't have to write a fatwa but you should have read 1,000 of them.    To think that we are waging a war for the minds of Muslims around the world and haven't hired a single person because of their understanding of that religion and how it is used and how it is misused shows an insular thinking in a bureaucracy that prizes an understanding of the machinations of metronic in European diplomacy two centuries ago.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. I will pick up right there. Ambassador, what if we cut half of all aid to Pakistan until Dr. Afridi and his family is here in the United States, what would be the reaction of the Pakistani Government? And do you expect the Pakistani people are going to riot in favor of imprisoning Dr. Afridi?    Ambassador Khalilzad. Well, I think that making a lot of aid, you said half, conditional I think will have more of an impact. I don't anticipate----    Mr. Sherman. Well, obviously, it has more of an impact on the feckless policy we have had so far, but----    Ambassador Khalilzad. Right.    Mr. Sherman . What will be the reaction in Pakistan to that? Are they--first of all, at minimum, maybe they take us up on it, we save almost $1 billion. That would be a good thing to a lot of----    Ambassador Khalilzad. Even if they don't take us up, we would have saved some money.    Mr. Sherman. Right. That is the point I am making.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Right. But I think that my experience in dealing with Pakistan is that they would only give you something when they know that you are----    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Their counterargument on all this is they can't give us Dr. Afridi, because, oh my God, it will be some terrible circumstance in their country. If the Pakistani Government were to put Dr. Afridi and his family on a plane for the United States today, what harm would that Pakistani leader have tomorrow?    Ambassador Khalilzad. No harm whatsoever, in my judgment, because some of these groups that rise on the street, all the groups that--based on long experience I can tell you that----    Mr. Sherman. They were told to riot, yes.    Ambassador Khalilzad . When they raised these----    Mr. Sherman. I want to go on to Mr. Roggio. The F-16s, they are going to be back, they are going to be asking for them. The argument is that these are the planes best suited to going after the terrorists in the frontier territories. Is there a weapon system that is less expensive, just as good as being a platform to survey, and to lob a missile at terrorists, and that poses less of a--and would not be useful in going after India? Something a lot less sophisticated.    Mr. Sherman. So if they are trying to get a plane to go over the Haqqani Network, the F-16 is not the right choice.    Mr. Sherman. Well----    Ambassador Khalilzad. They move them around themselves to meetings and provide them with first-class housing. Made it a little hard to believe that they are going to move militarily against the Haqqani Network.    Mr. Sherman. Let me ask Dr. Bacon. Okay. Even a second year law student has read 1,000 cases, could recognize when the judge is citing a precedent correctly or incorrectly. Let's say there is a fatwa that comes out relevant to your work at the State Department. Do you have a State Department office that can evaluate whether that fatwa was based on a strong hadith or a weak hadith? Who do you go to? Who knows?    Mr. Sherman. Political Islam. But were these people who had read 1,000 fatwas and who knew the difference between a strong and a weak hadith? Or were these Princeton graduates who had studied the history of the Ottoman Empire?    Mr. Sherman. Well, let's go like to State Department. Is there a single person whose job description says they have got to be as knowledgeable about Islamic law and Islamic jurisprudence and Islamic theology as a graduate of the chief school, institute in Cairo, for example?    Mr. Sherman. Can you name somebody who would know----    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Who was there 2 years ago, 3 years ago?    Mr. Sherman. Their expertise in Islam. So they have read English books on the history of the Ottoman Empire.    Ambassador, is there anybody who is employed by the State Department who could pass the final exams at--I forget the name. I will----    Ambassador Khalilzad. Al-Azhar.    Mr. Sherman. Yes. Do we have--I know we have got a bunch that can pass the final exams at the highest levels at Princeton. Do we have a single person there that could pass medium to low grades, the institute I just----    Ambassador Khalilzad. I have been out of the State Department now for 7 years, ago----    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Seven years ago, did we have anybody?    Ambassador Khalilzad. I don't remember that--that we did.    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Dr. Bacon, if you could provide for the record that there is somebody at the State Department who isn't just an Ottoman history buff, but who has read thousands of fatwa, who was hired because they know the difference between a strong hadith and a weak hadith, either today or in 2013, that would be helpful.    Thank you.