    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentleman and lady, thank you for being here.    I have got a couple things. It will probably go fast. One, I grabbed the Marine Corps about 2 months ago and brought them up to my office because there were some guys in from Australia where they use moving robot targets that they can network and program to run together, run away, or charge you, or flee.    And what the Australian SAS figured out is it was the first time a lot of their guys hadn't been overseas and had to shoot people, had shot a moving target. Are you aware of anything like this? Is SOCOM aware of them?    General Votel. I am aware of a variety of----    Mr. Hunter. Okay.    General Votel . Technologies and training apparatuses that are out there that really just, you know, put people in situations where they have to respond.    Mr. Hunter. These are robots that move.    General Votel. And move. And I----    Mr. Hunter. Actually move away from you?    General Votel. Yes, Congressman. I am aware of that. I don't know if it is a specific program that you are talking to. But I certainly----    Mr. Hunter. This was called Marathon, but, you know, there are probably a bunch out there. But they just did a demonstration at Camp Pendleton for MARSOC and the Marines about 2 weeks ago when I was in town.    Anyway, pretty interesting stuff that I didn't believe until I actually saw it. So I just wanted you to be, I mean, you know, there is tons of stuff out there and I am sure you see a whole bunch of it.    Number two, you have purview over what special forces operators, or what different groups, and by group, not just Navy SEAL groups, but the different groups spend in their wheelhouse, right? You have purview and they have transparency to you on what they buy and what they spend.    So it came to my attention, especially watching Senior Chief Byers get the Medal of Honor, I have had multiple SEALs, multiple times in the last 6 months come to be in San Diego because I am in San Diego, and tell me how things have changed dramatically from 5 or 6 years ago.    Meaning, they don't get weapons now to work up with for 2 years. They get their weapon when a guy comes back and hands over the weapon. And then they have to recalibrate it, put on all their optics, all their laser stuff for themselves.    And then they have to turn that weapon back in again even if they are still in workups and they are going to deploy 9 months later, they still have to give the weapon back to the next guys that are, you know, going out.    It wasn't like that in the 2001 to 2010 timeframe. Are you aware of that? What they have to do with their weapons? And I don't, I mean, the operators get tons of stuff. I would say that the most important thing to them is their weapon. That is what you kill people with in the end. And things have changed.    General Votel. Congressman, I am aware of your recent correspondence with Naval Special Warfare Command over this particular issue. And I know that Admiral Losey provided with an interim response here. And so to answer----    Mr. Hunter. But you are familiar with the----    General Votel. I am aware of that, and we are certainly running that down. So I would just add that, you know, one of the things that we do try to do with the weapons, you would recognize as a veteran, these guys put a lot of rounds through the weapons. So----    Mr. Hunter. Yes. But I was in the Marine Corps I mean, I was----    General Votel. Right.    Mr. Hunter. You know, we just took what we got and did whatever we were told. But--you guys are special. That is why you have special in your name.    General Votel. That is right. And so what we do try to do is ensure with that many rounds going through our weapons that they do have the right level of depot maintenance when they come back from deployments or long training periods. And if that is contributing to something here that might be creating a----    Mr. Hunter. This is not a factor of too many rounds going through the weapon barrel. And then you just change out the upper, the barrel anyway.    General Votel. Yes.    Mr. Hunter. And you have armorers that do that in the Army and in the Navy. I have been to the armory in Coronado. But anyway that is not the problem.    General Votel. Congressman, I look forward here to talking with the Naval Special Warfare Command about this specific issue and making sure that we understand it here. And that if there is something that we are contributing to that is impacting readiness of our operators we will certainly take immediate action to kind of correct that.    Mr. Hunter. Because, you know, you have different tiers within the special operations community, too. You don't see the higher tiered units changing their weapons in when they come back.    So I guess this is my question. It is a matter of where the money is being spent. So this leads me to this, what are your priorities? For instance, for the SEALs, so if it isn't having a weapon that stays with you during your deployable term, then what are the priorities?    Do we have more SEALs now? Do we have more special forces? Did we increase the manpower and that is where the money is going as opposed to weaponry? Is that where your priorities are? And do you set priorities for all the different units? And do those priorities that you set overarch everything, or do you set specific priorities for different units?    General Votel. First off, to answer the first part of your question, as you know the special ops community has grown considerably over the last decade or so. So we are roughly twice the size of what we were.    So that certainly is a component of that. What I do on an annual basis is, I provide capabilities planning guidance to my commanders, to my component commanders, to my resource sponsors that provide the broad outline, and principles under which we will make investments in our capabilities.    I don't get down into the specifics of individual weapons and that type of stuff. But what I do try to do is focus them on the priorities that I have. First and foremost being readiness, being the ability to do what the Nation expects special operations to do.    And second of all, being able to accomplish the missions that we are being asked to do in support of the geographic combatant commander. So those two items, I think, as we look at resourcing, I think, really provide the overarching priorities that I try to focus the command on.