    Mr. Shea. Thank you, Mr. Under Secretary. We did several things. As Mr. Avalos said, first, we looked for efficiencies. Second, we looked for programs that were no longer as effective or we could not be as effective at as we would like to be. For example, we were spending a lot of money or the Emerald Ash Borer, a significant forest pest, but we simply lacked the tools to have great success against it; so we reduced spending in that kind of program.    The most damaging thing was we did have to leave over 800 positions unfilled, so we lost over ten percent of our workforce; and that does mean that it is more difficult for us to respond quickly when we have a new pest or disease outbreak. It means it is more difficult for us to have full surveillance around the country so we can find these outbreaks faster, and simply, more difficult to carry out all of our activities.    But as Mr. Avalos said, people pitched in, did more, and the people who were left behind continue to work hard.    The Chairman. Thank you for that. The first couple things you did, about finding efficiencies and looking for programs that may have outlived their usefulness, I wouldn't call those damaging. I would say those are appropriate for every organization to go through. But helping policymakers understand the other side of that where you are having shortfalls that might affect health and safety would be helpful. So I appreciate your work.    Mr. Peterson, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Shea. Absolutely, Mr. Peterson. We will be happy to post on our website and release anything that has to do with any of the formulas----    Mr. Shea. Well, I would say this: We do adjust the indemnity formula as market conditions change, because the indemnity intends to pay fair market value. Fair market value can change, but the basic formula remains pretty much the same. And to the extent that is not well known, we will make it better.    Mr. Shea. That is still somewhat a work in progress. We appreciate what people are saying. What we want to do is move toward a standard formula for compensation for cleaning and disinfection.    Mr. Shea. Absolutely. We think that is a great idea, and we want to move toward that kind of formula. Indeed, in many cases, the owners themselves are in the best shape to do the work, and, additionally, it helps keeps their workers employed, who otherwise may not continue being employed, and also local folks.    Mr. Shea. We are not quite there yet because we want to make sure that we have tabulated what all the costs were so far this year, so we can get this formula correct. As I mentioned earlier, there are kind of two different formulas here, one for indemnity for the birds themselves and then one for this work. And this is the work that we still need a little bit more information to complete, but it is coming very, very soon.    Mr. Shea. If, indeed, we see another large outbreak like we did, and, of course, we hope we don't, but if we do, we are going to have to look at all the tools available and make those decisions at the time. But everything needs to be on the table, but we still need to look through all the possibilities.    Mr. Shea. I think we will be reaching very final decisions very, very shortly. Literally in a matter of days as opposed to weeks, we hope to have the final touches on our fall planning that will address all the various depopulation options.    Mr. Shea. Mr. Congressman, I am not aware that the GAO has directly contacted us yet to start the specifics of the review, but we are certainly very prepared and happy to cooperate with them as soon as they do.    Mr. Shea. I understand why there is a lot of concern. Foot-and-mouth disease, of course, is probably the biggest concern for livestock industry in the United States; and, indeed, there have been cases of foot-and-mouth disease in Brazil and Argentina in the past, but there haven't been any since 2006, and we did several site visits. We reviewed all the literature. We looked at their veterinary infrastructure, and proposed a rule that would be just like the one we have applied to Uruguay, which would require that there be inspection before and after slaughter, that the animals be deboned, and that the lymph nodes be removed, and that the pH level is moved to a level where foot-and-mouth disease can't exist.    These are the same kind of mitigations that the European Union uses, the same ones that OIE uses, and they have not found any movement of foot-and-mouth disease from countries where they apply these mitigations.    But all that said, I understand the concerns because foot-and-mouth disease is, indeed, our number one livestock concern, so I can understand why people wanted to know more about it, and, again, we certainly welcome GAO to look at it.    Mr. Shea. I am not aware that we have been, no.    Mr. Shea. I will be very happy to do that.    Mr. Neugebauer I will yield back my time and now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Shea. Congressman, as you said we are very, very close. I think we have been working with them and they have been working with us in good faith on this particular issue. And we are very close. We had hoped to have been there already, but we are not. Things move slowly in negotiations with the Chinese as always, but we think we are very, very close to an agreement, but not quite there yet.    Mr. Shea. I will take the second part first. Our colleagues in the Agricultural Research Service did, indeed, come up with a new vaccine that we are now working with them on to see how it can be tested and whether or not it can be produced in the mainland in mass quantities. We are certainly not at that point yet. We can't even bring a vaccine onto the mainland without special approval from the Secretary, so we are still working through that process; and indeed, foot-and-mouth disease, of course, is also a select agent, so we have to work through our select agent regulation.    Mr. Shea. We are just now getting to that point. So that has great promise, and you are absolutely right. We would be better off having more FMD vaccine available and more kinds available, and so we are certainly going to be working with our colleagues in ARS to pursue that.    As to your first question about the beef from Argentina and Brazil, I understand that importing some beef from Brazil or Argentina might have limited impact, or limited benefit to the U.S., but we in APHIS see it somewhat differently. We need to do rules like this so we can have credibility going around the world to, as you say, get our beef into other countries. So if we want other countries to treat us the same way, we need to apply the same kinds of principles.    Of course, we believe, with foot-and-mouth disease, it is a special threat. I understand that completely, and that is why before we would let beef in from Argentina or Brazil, the 14 states of Brazil, we have all those mitigations required that I mentioned earlier. So that is our thinking of why we think it is appropriate to do it while still understanding your very valid point.    Mr. Shea. Yes, we are absolutely making the goals. We had 23 deregulation decisions pending 3 years ago. Twenty of those 23 have been made. Since that time, 11 more deregulation requests came in. We have completed seven of those and expect to complete three more of those within the next month. So there are only seven pending decisions right now, and that should be down to four within a few days. So we made some tremendous improvement there.    I think one thing we simply did was, something that a lot of folks kind of miss, in processes, that there are a lot of internal deadlines; and you have to enforce each internal deadline with all the various people that have to approve something, and just by doing that, we made great progress. We also are focusing on novel or new kinds of technologies that we are looking at so that we can take our prior analysis and decision-making on more standardized biotechnology and make those decisions more quickly. So we are really doing very, very well with this.    Mr. Shea. First, of course, we know there needs to be better biosecurity. Biosecurity in poultry farms is really good, but not good enough for this kind of outbreak, so we need to step that up. That is the lesson. But once an outbreak does occur, we have learned a lot of lessons. First, we need to depopulate the sick and exposed birds as quickly as possible; two, we need to compensate those owners quickly so they can get back on the road to recovery, get back into business; we need to very quickly determine how to dispose of the carcasses. That was something that was a cause of delay before. We need to know whether we are going to compost them in the hothouse, compost them in the field, bury them, incinerate them, or take them to a landfill; but we need to make that decision very, very quickly. In the Southeast with lots of broilers, composting in the house would probably work well; but we need to make that decision on a case-by-case basis.    I know in Georgia, they would prefer to not do that, so we need to work with everyone on that. We also know we need consistency on how we are going to clean and disinfect each facility once we are done.    Mr. Shea. It is kind of ironic, but for low-pathogenic regulations, we do require that the grower gets some of the compensation; and we do not have that in our current regulations for highly-pathogenic avian influenza, but we are looking to correct that.    Mr. Shea. It certainly has a right to exist in its current form. And we certainly believe that the industry can exist without soring. And, indeed, despite the understandable controversy at the celebration, nearly nine out of ten horses passed inspection. So it is, indeed, possible to train a horse, to compete in the celebration and other Tennessee walking horse shows without soring. So we believe that certainly the industry is in better shape than it was many years ago when soring was openly blatant. That is not the case now, I don't think.    Mr. Shea. I am not sure that I can concur with those statistics. I believe that the disqualification rate was somewhat higher than that. But it is----    Mr. Shea. There are any number of reasons why it can increase.    For one, scarring and soring can take place throughout the entire year. And by the time the horses get to the celebration, the soring and the scar caused by the soring is more apparent and easier to see, is one thing.    Second, because the stakes are so high at the celebration, our experience is that, perhaps, owners and trainers are more willing to try to get a sored horse through inspection than they might at a lower stake show.    Mr. Shea. Well, certainly, if a biopsy were to prove that, it would be something we should look at.    Mr. Shea. Thermography does not detect a scar, but it indicates where a scar may be.    Mr. Shea. We either issue a citation or issue a warning letter to all of them. But because there are so many, we simply can't follow through and file a Federal case against literally each and every one.    Mr. Shea. I would be happy to.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Abraham, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Shea. Sure. I think that every state is pretty much in the same boat. As was mentioned earlier, we are all in this together, and every state needs to have pretty much the same approach to it, no matter what kind of poultry you have or how large a poultry industry it is. We are all in this thing together. So we definitely have looked at how it can work in every state.    One of the things we did to plan for the fall was ask every state to tell us the state of their readiness for an outbreak in the fall, and each one did that. And many are in very good shape, others learned through this survey that we sent them that they need to do more.    Certainly, Indiana has a very vigorous and robust animal health operation with Dr. Marsh for many years.    Mr. Shea. And so I am pretty confident that Indiana will be prepared better than maybe even some other states would be should there be an outbreak.    Mr. Shea. I think we have the authority we need. And also kind of getting back to something that was mentioned earlier, much of the regulatory action that takes place in a program like this is really under state power. The state imposes the quarantine, the state actually issues depopulation orders. So we have to work hand in hand with states on these programs.    Mr. Shea. Well, indeed, there is not a huge vaccine bank for foot-and-mouth disease. But I want to emphasize that our first reaction, God forbid we ever did have a foot-and-mouth disease outbreak in this country, would not be to vaccinate. We would immediately try to stamp that disease out through depopulation and movement restrictions because we don't want to move immediately to a vaccination program because that could lead to export restrictions. And we want to eradicate the disease, not live with it through vaccine.    We are looking at all the options for vaccine. I think it was alluded to earlier, our colleagues in the Agricultural Research Service have been working on a leaderless vaccine which has great promise. So we are, indeed, looking at other possibilities.    Mr. Shea. I hesitate to say what that cost may be until we can see how this leaderless vaccine works out. Traditional FMD vaccine currently used around the world is very, very expensive, certainly.    Mr. Shea. We haven't made any kinds of policy decisions like that. We have had some very generalized discussions with industry about the vaccine issue. We certainly agree with them that we would be better off to have a good supply of effective vaccine for foot-and-mouth disease, but we haven't really gotten to any kind of details how to pay for these very high numbers that would be involved.    Mr. Shea. Well, certainly, we would hope that wouldn't happen and we would find it quickly.    The Chairman. I mean, that is the problem I am dealing with as we look at this issue with Argentina and South America, is that this is a high stakes deal. If it were just animals that were under pen and you knew where they were and could handle them, that would be one thing. Mr. Avalos has a great program going, but we create more feral hogs every day than we are killing, so what would happen to us?    Mr. Shea. Well, certainly, if we started seeing foot-and-mouth disease circulating in feral swine, that might be the point where vaccination is going to have to become the next tool. Because, obviously, we can't capture and depopulate all the feral swine. There are at least five million in the United States now and \1/2\ of them are in Texas.    The Chairman. Ms. Fudge, did you want to ask questions of this panel.