    Mrs. NOEM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Inspector General, could you tell me why we are not allowed to use batch. I guess I wanted to follow up on that question a little bit to see if you could give us a little bit of insight as to why that is not able to be utilized or maybe some historical perspective.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that insight.    I take it very seriously that our job here today is to try to discuss the programs that we have out there, the dollars that are being spent, and make sure that we do restore integrity where there is opportunity to do that.    The Congressional Budget Office reports that fugitive felons will receive up to $5 billion in Social Security and SSI benefits in the next decade unless we enact reforms such as the CUFF Act, which the Inspector General has referenced earlier, and which I am cosponsoring with Congressman Johnson.    Inspector General, could you tell us a little bit about the history of this provision and then--I know you talked about that in your opening statement--also, the court cases and the impact that they have had on actions that have been taken.    But I wanted to give you another opportunity to go a little bit deeper into that to see how we can put this kind of--why this legislation would be necessary to make sure that we could take the action to not continue payments whether they are not justified to felons.    Mrs. NOEM. Do you have any idea of the dollar amount change that that encompassed?    Mrs. NOEM. Sure. That is okay. You can certainly get that to me in the future.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you very much.    Mr. O'Carroll, do you support the CUFF Act, which would amend the Social Security Act to prohibit Titles II and XVI from being paid to felons?    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.    And I appreciate the committee bringing this to the hearing today and other bills that will help prevent abuse and improper payments going forward.    I yield back.