    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I want to be on the record that I agree legitimate oversight is absolutely the right and the responsibility of Congress. As I've stated numerous times, I've had experience in Federal Government and management, and I do understand that when you receive a request for documents, that is a process that requires a certain amount of time.    So, Mr. Meyer, the committee requested ICE to produce documents about the security of an employment-based visa program, known as EB-5 program. Specifically, the committee requested all documents and communications referring or relating to concerns about EB-5, including communication with other agencies, since January 1 of 2010.    Can you briefly walk me through what's involved in searching and producing all documents and all communications related specifically to EB-5 program beginning from 2010?    Mrs. Lawrence. That's not my question. I said, how long and what does it take to fulfill that request?    Mrs. Lawrence. How do you search? How many people are involved? How many hours? Who gets the assignment? Is it random? Is there a designated person? How do you search?    Mrs. Lawrence. Do you have an internal person that deals only with providing responses to requests for information in your department?    Mrs. Lawrence. Do you have a particular person? So when the request comes in----    Mrs. Lawrence. You know, Mr. Meyer, you clearly hear the sense of frustration. You have named a wide array of people responding to this. You know, it's bureaucracy, as we look at it as creating efficiency, sometimes creates bureaucracy and hinders the progress.    It would seem to me if we really want to address this issue, because I truly do believe in legitimate oversight, you appear to be sincere in trying to get it, but when you have 10 people at different departments, in some kind of way, we--gentlemen, as you sit here today in your different roles, we need to find a way to streamline this process, hold some accountability, because if you're waiting for the legal department to respond to another department and to--everyone to come together, I clearly see where there could be balls dropped, there could be a delay in the process. And if you don't address that, we're going to continue to keep circling around in this debate. If you keep doing the same thing, you're going to keep winding up here hearing this conversation.    Now, we all know that you have--staff has been reduced. You still must do your job, and I as a Member of Congress expect for you to do it, but you are not meeting the expectation. So, clearly, how could we do it quicker?    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. I will tell you, if you don't give the information, you're going to get the requests probably broader and more frequently. We've got to improve.    Thank you. I yield back.