    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your courtesy in accommodating me this morning. In the interest of time, I am going to ask unanimous consent to submit my opening statement for the record and yield back the balance of my time. I apologize to the witnesses that I am going to have to leave, to be blunt, to take my husband to the doctor.    But I will be here for the first round of questions and, as the Chairman knows, will pay attention to all the information we learn today.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your extraordinary courtesy. You are a true gentleman, and I love working with you.    So, enough of that this morning. Can I ask unanimous consent to submit for the record a letter in support of Planning 2.0 signed by Trout Unlimited, the Teddy Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, and the Rocky Mountain Regional Center?    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. McAfee, I continue to be surprised by the criticism that adding more opportunities for public involvement to the planning process is a bad thing. I was really touched by your testimony this morning--specifically, we have heard that the voice of elected officials in the planning process should be elevated above the voices of Americans that want to provide direct feedback to BLM, the idea that elected officials represent the people and can therefore speak better for them on BLM planning issues. But you mentioned a specific situation in which the opposite was true. Your local elected representatives were refusing to even talk to BLM about a proposed master leasing plan in your area. Can you give us a brief explanation about why a master leasing plan was needed in this situation?    Mrs. Dingell. We have just a short bit of time here; so, in your opinion, were your representatives doing their job of representing your voice when they refused to come to the table with BLM about the master leasing plan?    Mrs. Dingell. So, quickly summarizing, you are saying that your voice is currently not represented by your elected officials, and that they are actively advocating for things that you are saying that the majority of the community does not want. That sounds like a pretty good argument for maximizing the voice of everyday Americans in the BLM process.    Do you think more public input in the master leasing plan process would have benefited this situation? How could the public have helped move this process along? And you have 30 seconds.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    Mrs. Dingell. Tomorrow.