    Ms. Bittermann. Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the subcommittee, my name is Haley Bittermann, and I am the Executive Chef and Director of Operations for the Ralph Brennan Restaurant Group in New Orleans, Louisiana. I welcome the opportunity to speak with you today about red snapper management in the Gulf, as well as H.R. 3094, the Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority Act.    The Ralph Brennan Restaurant Group employs approximately 700 employees in nine restaurants in both Louisiana and California. Our restaurants are known worldwide, and serve approximately 1 million guests every year. Louisiana's restaurants currently account for 203,000 jobs, which equates to 10 percent of the private-sector employment, making restaurants the largest private employer in the state. Our restaurants are projected to register 7.3 billion in sales in 2015 alone, so preserving access to the resources that keep this economic engine running is critical to our state's bottom line.    I am also here representing the restaurant industry and the National Restaurant Association, which is the leading business association for the industry, comprising 1 million restaurant and food service outlets. The industry employs 14 million people, about 10 percent of the U.S. workforce, and is the Nation's second-largest private-sector employer.    Millions of tourists visit the Gulf Coast every year, seeking our local sustainable Gulf seafood. In fact, National Restaurant Association research indicates that, of the top 10 culinary trends in 2015, locally-sourced seafood ranked first, and sustainable seafood ranked eighth.    Unfortunately, in the Gulf, we have watched a huge number of our popular seafood items become import-only or recreational-only fish. Red snapper used to be rarely available as a fresh fish before the commercial fishery improved its management and began the individual fishing quota program in 2007. Now, I can vouch for the fish being sustainable and wild caught and, in some instances, it can even be traceable back to the fisherman who caught it.    Gulf red snapper is currently being managed under a rebuilding plan, and commercial fishermen are no longer exceeding catch limits. Under this program, restaurants like ours can now depend on a steady stream of snapper to fulfill our orders during times of peak demand. However, under this legislation the successes we are experiencing as a result of this Federal program may be completely undone.    The fishermen I work with are diametrically opposed to shifting management authority to the states. This bill could allow the reallocation of almost 10 percent per year of red snapper away from the commercial sector to the recreational sector. History shows us that this is a very real possibility.    Sustainability of the fishery is another concern I have with this legislation, as there is no guarantee that Federal sustainability standards will be preserved. This legislation relies heavily on a state management regime to solve the problems facing private anglers, and experience has shown us that this is not always a wise decision.    For example, red drum, once an important commercial fishery, is now almost wholly restricted to recreational anglers. In response to concerns regarding overharvesting in the late 1980s, the Gulf states designated it as a game fish only, thus eliminating it as a menu item for restaurants.    Now, after nearly 30 years as a game fish in almost all Gulf states, the stock has rebounded and recreational catch is at an all-time high. Yet commercial fishers remain shut out. The Gulf states have shifted the catch to recreational and refuse to consider opening it back up. In fact, because of this, the only red fish we serve at Red Fish Grill in New Orleans is farm-raised.    At the state level, it appears that the needs of the private anglers outweigh those of consumers, restaurants, and the seafood community. The current system provides Federal oversight to allocation decisions. In addition, the Gulf Council represents a cross-section of stakeholders, and Council decisions are transparent. We already have a system that works--that is why the restaurant community opposes shifting the management to the states only.    Gulf red snapper is an American treasure that should be accessible to all, not just those who can afford to fish for it themselves. As a recreational fisherman myself, I want to be sure it is available for generations to come. I believe that if we take a balanced approach to fixing what is broken, which is the recreational management, that Louisiana can be both a sportsman's paradise and the restaurant capital of the United States. We should not have to pick winners and losers.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Ms. Bittermann. Well, thank you very much for that question, Congressman. In my experience, and from my perspective in our industry, as you said, people come to New Orleans to eat the great seafood that comes out of the Gulf of Mexico. In the past we have seen fish species go away for commercial fishing, which also affects the restaurants, species like the red drum and the speckled trout.    I think that it seems like when they go away, when the allocations change, that they do not come back. And eventually, they are not available for the commercial fisherman, which means they are not available to the restaurants or to the general public. So I think that is my fear, is what is going to happen. Will this continue to happen?    Ms. Bittermann. At Red Fish Grill, one of our restaurants in New Orleans, which uses a lot of seafood, we have been working with the Gulf Wild Program, with the red snapper, so that we can actually trace it back to the fisherman who has caught it, and which boat it came off of.    Ms. Bittermann. Yes.    Ms. Bittermann. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I would tell you, in this instance, that we have seen the management of the snapper fishery rebuild it, as we have seen in the past when the fishery has not been managed--for instance, for red fish, where it was overfished, and overharvested, and then became unavailable for commercial----    Ms. Bittermann. Yes, sir. But I think that what you have seen with the red snapper is that the management of the fishery has worked. And, maybe, if they had had that management with red fish back in the late 1980s, then it would not have been over-harvested, and we would still be serving wild-caught red fish in our restaurants.    Ms. Bittermann. I am sorry, sir. Are you asking me?    Ms. Bittermann. I do not think I can answer that question.