    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And like our chairman, I apologize to our guests for being late, but they don't even let us set the schedule on the House floor.    Unfortunately, instead of using this time to advance legislation that improves our healthcare system, we are here in response to an aggressive smear campaign against Planned Parenthood based on highly edited videos that misrepresent the organization's practices. These two bills are transparent efforts to give politicians power to block women's access to their doctor of choice, jeopardizing the ability of millions of low-income Medicaid beneficiaries to see the provider they trust for their high-quality health care.    Federal law has long protected the ability of Medicare beneficiaries to receive family planning services. These bills fly in the face of a patient's choice and give politicians unchecked power to deny women access to the doctor of their choosing. If enacted, they would allow for unprecedented level of involvement by Government in family planning decisions of low-income women. This hearing is part of an ongoing onslaught on not just choice, but on access to quality preventative healthcare services for millions of American women.    I am deeply disappointed by the willingness of some of my colleagues to shut down the Government in response to sensational accusations and no evidence of wrongdoing. Efforts to block access to care and defund Planned Parenthood would do nothing more than prevent individuals who rely on these services from getting the care they need. More than 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does is preventative care, including cervical, breast cancer screenings, family planning services, mostly for women with few resources and incomes below the poverty level.    We should not continue to play politics with women's health. This is real consequences for real people. Using women's health as a political football in order to advance an extreme agenda is nothing new, but this week's efforts reach a new low. We have real challenges that Congress should be spending its time addressing, rather than going after, women's health.    Mr. Green. With that, Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield 1 \1/2\ minutes to my colleague and our ranking member of our O&I Subcommittee, Congresswoman DeGette.    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield the remainder of my time to Congresswoman Schakowsky.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Frankly, this is unprecedented, what you have done, because this is a group, the shadow org called Center for Medical Progress. And let me--what is already in the record, the staff and the memorandum has found, to date the committee has received no evidence to substantiate the allegations that Planned Parenthood has engaged in the sale of fetal tissue for profit.    Furthermore, the committee has received no evidence to support the allegations that fetal tissue was procured without consent, that Planned Parenthood physicians altered the timing, method, or procedure of the abortions solely for the purposes of obtaining fetal tissue, or that Planned Parenthood physicians performed--violated the Partial-Birth Abortion Act in order to preserve fetal tissue for research.    I think this is a new low for our committee. We can't question this video, but I know the group that presented it. And for the last 10 years, this is the 10th attack in 15 years that abortion opponents have used the doctored evidence, and now it has been presented by our chair to a committee.    Now, I want to proceed to my questions.    Professor Waxman, I would like to ask you about the impact defunding Planned Parenthood would have on women's access to life-saving reproductive and primary care services. Unfortunately, this is not hypothetical in Texas. A few years ago, former Governor Perry decided to refuse Federal Medicaid funds for our State planning program in order to exclude Planned Parenthood from its network, which is what the bill talks about.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter a House Affairs post entitled ``How Texas Lawmakers Continue to Undermine Women's Health,'' and it is a report by the Texas Health and Human Services Commission on Texas Women's Health Program, which found a 54 percent decrease in contraception claims as a result of the exclusion of Planned Parenthood from its women's health.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Waxman, what was the reason for this exclusion? Do you acknowledge that there is anything wrong with the services Planned Parenthood was providing?    Mr. Green. What happened in Texas as a result of the exclusion of Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Green. And that is just not restating it, that is a State agency that did a study on Texas?    Mr. Green. Do you think the impact of these cuts disproportionately fell upon low-income women?    Mr. Green. What do you think about the impact on patients' continuity of care, which again Planned Parenthood provides? As I said before, 90 percent of what they do, at least, is women's health.    Mr. Green. Well, I am from Texas, a native Houstonian, and I am proud of being there. But I really don't want the Nation to do what Texas tried to do.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to yield to my colleague, Congresswoman Schakowsky, for a parliamentary question with the remainder of my time.    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, would you yield just a second?    Mr. Green. I would ask you to look at--when you are questions about can other providers do it, our Health and Human Services Commission in Texas in their report showed that they couldn't provide what Planned Parenthoodhas been doing. And, again, it is not my agency. It is a State of Texas agency.    Mr. Green. But the report shows they can't do it. So be that as it may.    Mr. Green. Thank you.    Mr. Green. I would like to ask questions of Dr. Yoest and also Mr. Mattox and even Ms. Waxman. There is a report I submitted from the Texas Health and Human Services Commission, and your testimony in question said that there was no results. I want to call your attention to it.    And I am going to read it, Mr. Chairman. This is by a State agency that did a study on what happened after 2011. We actually saw a 25 percent drop in clients served in the Human Health Services Commission area, 25 percent loss from '11 to '13. So somewhere along the way, a lot of women, in a time Texas was growing, are no longer getting healthcare services in every region except the Upper Rio Grande Valley. The High Plains area, a loss of 53 percent, West Texas, a loss of 64 percent of services, people getting services.    So there is a problem here. And, Mr. Chairman, again, I am going to use this every time I get a chance because your testimony does not go with the facts that a Texas State agency used.    Mr. Green. Mr. Chairman, whose time is being used on this? Shouldn't it be a parliamentary inquiry instead of taking Mr. Cardenas' time?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK. Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to place into the record a Texas Policy Evaluation Project research paper, since Texas' coverage has been an issue. Also, an article from healthaffairs.org, ``How Texas Lawmakers Continue to Undermine Health Care.'' And also from the Health Affairs organization, ``Planned Parenthood, Community Centers, Getting the Facts Straight.''