    Mr. Flores. Thank you, Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Slavitt, for joining us today. A couple of preambles I wanted to share with you, and I know you have heard a couple of these already, before we get into the questions.    The CRS memo that we have talked about earlier today determined that the statute is not ambiguous and that CMS actions contradict the plain language of the law. And then in February of 2016, in front of the Health Subcommittee of this committee, Secretary Burwell was asked about the legal basis for diverting the funds and she provided no legal justification.    So it seems to me like we are still struggling to find the legal justification under which the funds were diverted. I do have some fact based questions to start with. The first one is how much money have you collected for the reinsurance program in 2014 from all the States?    Mr. Flores. I mean, I would assume you have got that number in preparation for this committee meeting since that is what we are talking about.    Mr. Flores. 9.7?    Mr. Flores. OK. And for the Treasury you collected zero, I am assuming?    Mr. Flores. OK. And how much did you pay the insurance companies that year for calendar 2014?    Mr. Flores. 8 billion. And the $1.7 billion difference, where did that go?    Mr. Flores. Moving to 2015, how much did you collect for reinsurance?    Mr. Flores. 6.5. The law says that it was supposed to be 6, and then to the Treasury you were supposed to collect too. I am assuming that was zero?    Mr. Flores. You did give 500 million to the Treasury, oK.    Mr. Flores. You will or you did?    Mr. Flores. OK. And then what were the aggregate insurance company payments for that fiscal year, for that calendar year?    Mr. Flores. No payments, so you are sitting on 6 \1/2\ billion dollars from 2015, and a billion seven for 2014. Now 2016, what do you estimate to collect this year? What have you collected and what do you estimate full year collections to be?    Mr. Flores. I am sorry?    Mr. Flores. OK. What do you anticipate collecting for the Treasury for this year?    Mr. Flores. OK. Now I understand you have made early payments? CMS has made early payments to the insurance companies for 2016? What is that number?    Mr. Flores. 2.7 billion for early payments to the insurance companies, OK. Moving back to the underlying issue, CMS changed its mind between March the 11th and March the 21st. As my colleague from Oklahoma said a few minutes ago, in light of the CRS memo, which contradicts the position of CMS with regard to compliance with the statute, will CMS correct its rule to back to the original interpretation of March the 11th?    Mr. Flores. OK, so you are not going to change back to the original?    Mr. Flores. I disagree with you, but there we are.    Moving to the second question, self-insured private companies, basically self-funded companies that are self-funding their employee health plans, are contributing to the traditional reinsurance fund even though they continue to cover employees and they haven't dropped employees from coverage, thereby forcing them to buy coverage on the exchanges. In other words, they aren't contributing to the reinsurance issues or to the potential draw on reinsurance, and some of these companies have paid out huge sums, over $50 million, to bring into this program that ultimately aids insurance companies.    How can we justify the payouts to the insurance companies from these private companies who have maintained self-insured plans for the benefit of their employees and that don't have any stake in the exchanges? How do we justify that?    Mr. Flores. OK. And then so my question is how do you justify the payouts to the insurance companies from the employers that have no stake in the exchanges? Why did you change the formula and pay them more?    Mr. Flores. Just as an editorial comment, I used to be a CEO and I could not blame my predecessor. I could not say it was before my time. When my board asked me a question they wanted me to provide an answer, not to say, well, that is before my time. So I just want you to know my opinion on that. Thank you, I yield back.