    Mr. Mao. Thank you very much.    Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz, members of the subcommittee, good afternoon. Thank you very much for the opportunity to provide testimony in support of the Library of Congress fiscal year 2017 budget request. We are very grateful for the continued support that you and the Congress give to the Library. And in particular, I want to express deep gratitude for your help last year with some of our urgent fiscal collection management needs.    The Congress has sustained its Library for more than 215 years. It is the largest collection of the world's recorded knowledge ever assembled by one institution. And now, with over 162 million items, the Library includes the world's largest collection of legal materials, films, recordings and maps.    Library staff have provided research and analysis to the Congress for more than 100 years through the Congressional Research Service and almost 200 years through the Law Library. And the Library has supported and protected U.S. creativity and innovation since it became the national home of the copyright function in 1870.    But the Congress has been and remains the Library's primary focus. Our highest priority as an institution is to support the legislative, oversight, and representational work of the Congress.    I appear before you today during a time of significant change and opportunity for the Library of Congress. As we prepare for new leadership for the first time in almost three decades, our goal is to position the Library to serve the Congress and the American people in a future where technological advancement drives change at an accelerating pace. The Library must adapt to this rapidly changing environment.    Over the last year, we reconfigured the Library's organizational structure to meet increasing demand. We also released a new strategic plan for 2016 through 2020 that provides a path forward and is deliberately flexible to accommodate needs as they evolve.    As part of the realignment and to support the new organizational structure, the Library made critical leadership appointments of a Chief Information Officer and a Chief Operating Officer, which centralize oversight of the Library's information technology and operational infrastructure functions.    Additionally, we appointed a director of the newly created National and International Outreach unit to lead consolidated outreach activities, including collaborative efforts with other institutions.    The Library of Congress fiscal 2017 budget request is for approximately $667 million. It is a 11 percent increase over the Library's fiscal year 2016 budget. And of this, 3.5 percent covers mandatory pay and price level increases, or approximately $23 million.    The balance of the increase represents critical investment in information technology and related infrastructure, the care of and access to our digital and physical collections, and human capital with new expertise.    As the important work of the Library continues, demand for our services grows. We therefore seek to achieve much-needed transitional improvements, particularly in response to the Government Accountability Office findings on the Library's management of information technology.    We are dedicated to strengthening our information technology and physical infrastructure that will significantly leverage the Library's capabilities and capacities. Because complete transition cannot be accomplished in one year, however, we must first address the most urgent shortfalls in key infrastructure areas: information technology, care of and access to our collections, developing and maintaining human skills.    Through several years of declining budgets, we compromised and took risks in these areas, often making difficult choices to cover mandatory cost that ensured current operations while sacrificing investment for the future. Continually funding near-term operational demands at the expense of long-term investment has allowed some mission critical areas, such as the data center/primary computing facility, to reach the point where they represent serious risks.    Much has changed since the Library put key infrastructure into place in the 1990s and early 2000s. Technology has advanced, congressional and public demands have changed, and some infrastructure has become outdated. The Library's budget request, which represents transition and transformation, aims to position the Library to move forward.    To avoid mortgaging the future by continuing to support infrastructure that cannot handle current and future demands, we must make long-term investments that move us in the most economical way and bring in new expertise. Our future service to the Congress and the American people depends on having a modernized infrastructure and one that is efficient, proper, and lasting.    Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz, and members of the subcommittee, the Library is both America's first cultural institution and part of the innovative infrastructure of America. So I thank you again for supporting the Library of Congress and for your consideration of our fiscal year 2017 request.    Mr. Mao. Mass deacidification is one of the preservation tools that we have in our toolkit for preserving all of our materials. It is one of the ways that we will continue to preserve our materials going forward.    Mr. Mao. Yes.    Mr. Mao. Exactly, and we will tweak those as we see fit. Certainly, we have done a large amount of mass deacidification, and we see less material as a whole coming in that may need mass deacidification. And we try to balance all of our preservation needs. Certainly if we do one type, it comes at the expense of another, as with any budget. And so we are looking at all of our preservation needs, and certainly mass deacidification is something that we plan to continue.    Mr. Mao. We are projected to continue on with the plan that we have moved forward, yes. It depends. The quantity will be tweaked depending on how many books actually come in and how many actually need the treatment, and the increase in unit costs.    Approximately 190,000 books and 1 million manuscript sheets will be treated.    Mr. Mao. Exactly. And there is additional cost for that. We are moving forward, and we anticipate that there might be some more books. It really is a little hard to tell the exact numbers, but I can certainly get back to you with some firm numbers, if you would like.    Mr. Mao. It is a combination of all of that. Part of it is, of course, we have a contract on mass deacidification, so certainly there are costs associated with that, and there are costs associated with the different pieces of the project.    Mr. Mao. Yes, some of it is.    Mr. Mao. Sure, certainly. Come over, and we would be happy to show you what we do.    Mr. Mao. Are you talking about money or books?    Mr. Mao. Yes, we can certainly receive donations, and we do receive donations.    Mr. Mao. No, not at all. And we have lots of donations and gift agreements with people, individuals, companies, and corporations, that may have a particular interest in a particular collection area to help supplement or they may encourage us to have programs in certain areas. And it allows us to do these extra things that our sparse appropriated dollars don't necessarily allow us to do. And so we do accept donations.    Mr. Mao. Well, thank you. The Library is interested, as you know from our budget request, in participating with the House in the legislative branch data center. We have had great support from the House in working with the House, and, in fact, we have based a lot of our decisions on the great studies that the House has done and working in tandem with them in providing us with the great studies that they have already done so that we don't have to recreate the wheel.    The key question is the money. So we don't have the funding to actually move our data center.    Mr. Mao. What?    Mr. Mao. No. There would be room at the House data center for a Library of Congress to--legislative branch data center--for the Library to participate along with the House. What we are asking for is to actually move, and that is what the funding is for. There is approximately $55 million total.    Mr. Mao. No, we are very happy with moving forward. It is just the money to be able to afford to do it.    Mr. Mao. That is in the budget request, yes.    Mr. Mao. That is correct. We would submit it again next year because we do believe that it is the best practice moving forward and that we would need to do that, if not now then at some point.    Mr. Mao. We haven't asked for it before.    Mr. Mao. Fifteen.    Mr. Mao. Yes. And so to answer your first question, we certainly would take more money and would appreciate having that. But seriously, it is a great project and it is a great program that Congress----    Mr. Mao. Allow us to keep pace. And, in fact, we just passed our 100,000 mark. We celebrated receiving our 100,000th oral history to add to the archive, and it is now the largest oral archive history in the United States. And it is a great way for us to continue to honor the men and women that have served.    Mr. Mao. Yes.    Mr. Mao. If I may, Mr. Farr, sorry to interrupt, but that is one of the great reasons why the Library is such a fabulous institution where we can all help each other out. Certainly in the Law Library there is a large staff of foreign-trained attorneys, and they are all foreign-born and speak the language.    And to the extent that CRS analysts need assistance with a specific language or linguistic skills, we try to help out across the entire Library, and that is not necessarily even the Law Library. We have catalogers, people in our reading rooms, in our area study reading rooms, that speak the language.    Mr. Mao. Not sure.    Mr. Mao. Well, I mean, I will certainly defer to Dr. Mazanec to talk specifically about CRS. But what I would say is, I think the morale question at the Library, my experience in walking around and speaking to employees and meeting with employees over the last--I guess since October, when I assumed this position--is that they are a very dedicated staff and all very concerned and really into the work of the Library of Congress and want it to continue to be the great place that it is.    And we have walked around, both Robert and I, and we have met with small groups to hear what people think about different areas, because certainly it has been a long time since there has been a transition. And during the time of transition we want to make sure that we engage the Library and have them involved in setting the course for the Library moving forward. And from my experience, we have gotten a lot of great, great feedback from employees about different things at the Library. And so certainly we will take those into consideration.    Mr. Mao. No. We look forward to this plan as well and we are looking to working together, because that is what we need to do. The Copyright Office, their clients are clients of the Library of Congress and the Library wants to make sure that all of the clients are being served. And that is why our budget proposal is what it is, to make sure that our infrastructure can support all of our clients.