    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing, a very important topic.    The Office of National Drug Control Policy plays a critical role in coordinating the Federal response to our troubling drug epidemic, in which the annual deaths from drug overdoses now outnumber those caused by gunshots or car accidents. The Office itself manages a budget of $375 million, with two national grant programs, and coordinates the related activities of 39 Federal departments, agencies, and programs, totaling more than $26 billion.    So it's more than a little concerning that Congress allowed the Office's formal authorization to expire 5 years ago, allowing it simply to subside on annual appropriations rather than a long-term authorization. It's been nearly a decade since Congress seriously considered our national drug control policies and activities, and as we'll hear from today's panel, a great deal has changed in that interim period--sadly, not for the better.    Mr. Kelley of the National HIDTA--High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program--Directors Association, aptly notes in his remarks that the scourge of drug abuse has no boundaries, it does not recognize geography, social, economic status, race, gender, or age. The efforts of the ONDCP are vital to and visible in each of our respective communities. So, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the bipartisan spirit with which we've approached this hearing on the ONDCP's performance and its proposal for reauthorization.    I know many of us are troubled, very troubled, by the spike in heroin use in our communities. Heroin used to be actually a very static demand drug. No longer. In my home State of Virginia, for example, the number of people who died using heroin or other opiates is on track to climb for the third straight year. Heroin-related deaths doubled in my own home county of Fairfax, just across the river, between 2013 and 2014, and that follows a troubling trend all across the national capital region. And I know Eleanor Holmes Norton shares that concern as well.    Communities in my district have been fortunate to receive assistance from both the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program, which provides grants to local, State, and tribal law enforcement agencies to counter drug trafficking activities, and the Drug-Free Communities Program, which provides grants to create community partnerships aimed at reducing substance abuse, especially among young people. Virginia now has 20 counties out of 95 that have been designated as High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas. Four are part of the larger Appalachian region HIDTA and 16 are part of the Washington-Baltimore area     While the HIDTA program has historically been more enforcement focused, we're beginning to see an increased emphasis on prevention and treatment, and I think that's appropriate. That's reflected in the administration's reauthorization proposal.    Current law caps at 5 percent the amount of funds that can be used for prevention activities--5 percent. Twenty-seven of the 28 designated regional High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas support prevention activities. The statute actually prohibits funds from being used for treatment programs, with the exception of two grandfathered programs in the Washington-Baltimore and Northwest regions, as their efforts predate the prohibition in the previous authorization.    In fact, my district benefits from that particular exception, with Fairfax County receiving a subgrant to fund one full-time position--one--providing residential day treatment and medical detoxification services.    I think that 5 percent limit does not make sense, especially in light of a lot of changes in the demand for opiates and other drugs.    I look forward to hearing more from Director Botticelli about the shift to public health-based services within the National Drug Control Strategy. The administration's proposed reauthorization language would allow the regional drug trafficking areas, upon request of their boards, to spend funding on treatment efforts and to spend above the current cap on prevention efforts. That would amount to a considerable investment in strategies such as diversion or alternative sentencing and community reentry programs that have proven successful here in the national capital region and other communities across the country.    I appreciate, Mr. Kelley, with your law enforcement background, acknowledging that we cannot arrest our way out of this problem and that we're moving more and more to a partnership between public safety and public health to create a more holistic approach to the substance abuse challenges facing so many communities across America. Director Botticelli's compelling personal story speaks to the power of treatment and recovery.    Mr. Chairman, I hope our subcommittee can play a constructive role in helping to advance this important reauthorization effort, and I very much appreciate the bipartisan spirit with which you and our colleagues have approached it. I look forward to hearing the testimony this morning. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. He's more famous for painting paintings.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman, I would be pleased to defer to the distinguished ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Cummings, if he wishes to go.    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair.    Mr. Botticelli, Mr. Mulvaney was just asking about metrics. And Mr. Maurer's testimony, I think, left the impression that actually, rather than progress, we're experiencing retrogression. Are we making progress in heroin use in the United States?    Mr. Connolly. Are we making progress in cocaine use in the United States?    Mr. Connolly. And marijuana, of course, is now in a legal limbo, not at the Federal level, but clearly States are moving away. And I think Mr. Mulvaney's quite right, you need to desegregate that if we're going to have accurate data.    I mean, one of the things about metrics is, and it seems to me that even the seven metrics cited, they're a little bit broad. And we kind of want to dig down, because I think all of us on a bipartisan basis, what we want to do is try to end the drug scourge. Whatever is the most efficacious way to do that, you know, it's what we want too.    One of the concerns I've got, Mr. Kelley--and by the way, where--are you from Boston?    Mr. Connolly. Where are you from?    Mr. Connolly. If I could have----    Mr. Connolly. I'll rephrase it. Where are you from?    Mr. Connolly. Melrose. All right. Brighton and Allston. I can talk that way if I have to, but I try not to now that I represent Virginia, of course.    Currently, Mr. Kelley, we have in law in the last reauthorization a 5 percent cap on prevention and treatment for your program. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. And the new legislation proposed by the administration would double that to 10 percent. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Effectively capped, but not statutorily capped?    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Okay. That's what I was getting at. Because I have a problem with a cap, because any cap is arbitrary, and in any given program you might determine or your colleagues around the country might determine, you know, in this particular case, the prevention and treatment rate is the way to go. And so the mix might be different in South Carolina or North Carolina or Virginia, and I want to make sure you've got flexibility without diluting the value of the program. Is that the goal you're seeking as well?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. But your testimony also says we can't arrest our way out of this problem. Let me ask the devil's advocate question: Why not? Why not just arrest anybody who's misusing drugs and just put them where they belong and call it a day? Isn't that a more effective strategy?    Mr. Connolly. For everyone watching on C-SPAN, that was a devil's advocate question.    Mr. Connolly. And isn't it also true, Mr. Kelley, that when people do end up in the jail, they get treatment, or they have to get treatment because we can't ignore the problem in jail either?    Mr. Connolly. Final question. You talked about budget reductions from fiscal year 2015. Can you just expand on that and what the impact of those budget reductions have been?    Mr. Connolly. Have we reduced the program?    Mr. Connolly. But I thought you talked about a budget reduction from fiscal year 2015. Did I miss that?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Botticelli.    Mr. Connolly. Well, while he's checking, Mr. Botticelli, did you want to--I'm sorry. I'm taking a little more time.    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Kelley.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.