    Mr. Burgess . The subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will come to order.    The Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    I want to welcome everyone here this morning. This is going to be a very productive morning and, certainly, we have been looking forward to it for some time. It has been 20 years since Congress last reauthorized the Federal Trade Commission. I don't need to remind you that that was in the Dark Ages. People still carried pagers; they dialed into the internet, if they were lucky enough to have one, let alone multiple, e-mail accounts. The world was very much a different place.    We are long overdue to revisit the FTC Act and to ponder some of the targeted adjustments. We are guided by many new products and services that we have examined in this subcommittee in our Disruptor Series. Mobile payments and connected devices, for example, pose new policy questions. Some of these questions have inspired technophobia, but there is something that is actually more frightening than new technology, the prospect of never realizing the jobs and prosperity that result from the inventive industry because of fear of production.    A key takeaway from the Disruptor Series is that, if the law lags behind technology, capital shrinks and new products and services do not emerge. Certainty, on the other hand, begets investment, which, in turn, delivers more progress for consumers and, finally, does answer the questions that many Americans are still asking, where are the jobs?    Many members of the subcommittee have introduced bills that make general reforms to the Commission's activities under Section 5 of the FTC Act, and I thank them for their involvement and their leadership in this area. The basic FTC framework for policing unfair or deceptive conduct after the fact is a good one. However, the Federal Trade Commission faces tough decisions when it encounters cases presented by new products and new services in evolving markets.    For example, it must revisit the length of consent decrees against the speed of businesses and what other agencies do. Twenty-year consent decrees easily move away from after-the-fact remedies to a prospective ``Mother May I''-type regulation.    Other areas need fortification. It is widely understood that informal policy guidelines are helpful and do not create liability independent of enforceable rules or statutes. Clarifying that the Federal Trade Commission will not use them to pressure a settlement would provide incremental definition to a company's liability while maintaining the Federal Trade Commission's current authority.    Similarly, providing analyses showing why the Federal Trade Commission believes certain investigations reveal no liability would also help define legality under Section 5. Along with policy guidance, previous complaints, and consent orders, this additional information would be another strong signal for the market.    The second thing this morning deals with specific industries or services under the Federal Trade Commission's jurisdiction. The bills in this category focus on specific conduct that has been observed and has felt to possibly harm consumers. The Federal Trade Commission is likely familiar with many of these issues.    The Reinforcing American-Made Products Act recognizes the Federal Trade Commission's work on made-in-the-USA labeling and establishes it as a nationwide standard. Differing standards among states as to what is an American product has not always been helpful. This legislation would be especially impactful to a company back in Texas. In Justin, Texas, surprisingly, is the home of Justin Boots. They make handcrafted leather cowboy boots. The various patchwork state standards of made-in-America regulations throughout the country have made it difficult for Justin Boots to sell its products in all 50 states. And certainly, this morning I look forward to supporting legislation that will unburden this historic and great company from the amount of red tape imposed on it through these regulations. This bill is a critical step in making it worthwhile for United States manufacturers to make their product in America.    The Consumer Review Fairness Act builds on the Federal Trade Commission's work in the Roca Labs case, which was an enforcement action brought by the FTC against a company which producing a line of weight-loss supplements who allegedly made baseless claims for its products and, then, threatened to enforce gag clause provisions against consumers to stop them from posting negative reviews and testimonials online. A company should never be in the business of preventing American consumers from speaking honestly.    In summary, the bills we put forward today are designed to make some adjustments to ensure that innovation can thrive in order to provide consumer benefits and create jobs.    I now yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Schakowsky, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    The Chair now recognizes the Vice Chair of the full committee, Congresswoman Blackburn of Tennessee.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    That concludes member opening statements. The Chair would remind members that, pursuant to committee rules, all members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    We do want to thank our witnesses for being here today and for taking time to testify before the subcommittee.    Today's hearing will consist of three panels. Each panel of witnesses will have the opportunity to give a summary of their opening statement, followed by a round of questions from members. Once we conclude with questions from the first panel, we will take a brief recess and set up for the second panel and, then, subsequently, the third panel.    Our first witness panel for today's hearing is Ms. Edith Ramirez, the Chairwoman at the Federal Trade Commission. We appreciate your being here today and thank you for the time and attention that you have always given to the subcommittee when we have called. It is certainly appreciated.    We will begin the panel with you, 5 minutes to summarize your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady for her testimony, and we will move to the question-and-answer portion of the hearing. I will begin the questioning by recognizing Mr. Lance of New Jersey for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Schakowsky of Illinois, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. Thanks to the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Blackburn, and Vice Chair of the full committee, for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, the ranking member of the full committee, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    And the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Houston, Texas, Mr. Olson, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. OK.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Rush. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Guthrie from Kentucky, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady., The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, 5 minutes for your questions.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Mr. McNerney, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Markwayne Mullin, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas, Mr. Pompeo, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Indiana, Ms. Brooks, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    I would recognize myself for 5 minutes.    And, Chairwoman, again, I do want to thank you for being here and thank you for your forbearance today.    I just have a couple of questions on the consent orders, consent decrees. Is it fair enough to use those two terms interchangeably, consent decree and consent order?    Mr. Burgess. So, for people who are not lawyers who are watching this, what does a consent decree or a consent order, what does that entail? When you enter into a consent decree with the FTC, as a business, what is the practical effect of that?    Mr. Burgess. And how long will these orders typically run? What is the lifespan of one of these orders?    Mr. Burgess. And as a practical matter, is that flexibility employed or are generally consent decrees through the Federal Trade Commission going to exist for 20 years?    Mr. Burgess. Yes, having been in business before I came here, I mean, 20 years is an enormous timeframe in the life of a business. Most businesses don't last 20 years. I don't know if you have noticed. So, I do worry about the fact that the default position tends to be 20 years.    Now what do other agencies do? If the Federal Communications Commission is going to issue a consent decree, what is the timeline likely to be there?    Mr. Burgess. Do you feel your agency is in line with what other agencies are performing?    Mr. Burgess. Now you bring cases both on the anticompetitive front and the consumer protection front. Is there a difference in the consent decree for either one of those subjurisdictions?    Mr. Burgess. Let me ask you this: just as a practical consideration for a business that is under a consent decree, are they required to obtain permission from the Federal Trade Commission before they were to roll out a new product or service if they are under a consent decree?    Mr. Burgess. The subcommittee will come to order.    Welcome back. Thank you for your patience, and thank you, again, for taking the time to be here today.    We are moving into the second panel for today's hearing. We are going to follow the same format as the first panel. Each witness will be given 5 minutes for an opening statement, followed by questions from members.    For our second panel, we have the following witnesses: Mr. Joshua Wright, University professor, Antonin Scalia Law School, George Mason University; Ms. Abigail Slater, general counsel at The Internet Association; Mr. David Vladeck, professor of law at Georgetown; Mr. Geoffrey Manne, founder and executive director at the International Center for Law and Economics, and Mr. Daniel Castro, vice president for Information Technology and Innovation Foundation.    We appreciate each of you being here today. We will begin our panel with you, Mr. Wright. You are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Slater for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Vladeck, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Manne, you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Castro, you are recognized for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman, thanks all of our panelists for your forbearance today and for your testimony.    I would like to recognize Mr. Olson of Texas for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    And the Chair recognizes Mr. Guthrie of Kentucky, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair recognizes Mr. Rush, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Mr. McNerney for 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    I recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions. These are going to be questions regarding the 20-year lengths on the consent decrees, the consent orders.    Mr. Manne, let me just start with you. Even though your tenure at the FTC was very brief, are you aware of any factors that went into the Federal Trade Commission's decision to set the duration of consent orders at 20 years? Should it be a one-size-fits-all program?    Mr. Burgess. So, you think there are variables that should be considered in the negotiation process?    Mr. Burgess. Please.    Mr. Burgess. And I agree. That is one of the reasons we are having this panel and this discussion.    Mr. Wright, let me just ask you, if a company is under a consent order, they have probably got a lot of stuff to do to be in compliance with that order. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Burgess. So, what is the practical effect of a 20-year compliance or 20-year consent agreement with having to produce documentary evidence that they are behaving by the guidelines that have been set out? Is there a cost to having to comply with the 20-year length of time on the consent decree?    Mr. Burgess. One of my fondest fantasies is to have a group of doctors on this panel and ask them how economists should be paid.    But that is another story. Carry on.    Mr. Burgess. Well, let me ask you a question. You heard the Chairwoman testify. I mean, I asked her, are we asking a company to ask permission before it rolls out a new good or service? And her answer was the essentially negative. But do you agree with that answer that she gave?    Mr. Burgess. Well, I just really want to thank all of our panelists for being here today.    Seeing no other members wishing to ask questions, we will conclude the second panel. And we take the briefest of brief recesses to set up for the third panel.    This panel is adjourned.    Mr. Burgess. Well, welcome back, and thank you all for your patience and taking time to be here today.    We will move into the third panel for today's hearing. We are going to follow the same format as the first and second panel. Each witness will be given 5 minutes for an opening statement, followed by questions from members.    For our third panel we have the following witnesses: Mr. Richard Hendrickson, the President and CEO of Lifetime Products; Dr. Greg O'Shanick, President and Medical Director for the Center for Neurorehabilitation Services; Mr. Steven Shur, President of Travel Technology Association; Mr. Robert Arrington, President of the National Funeral Directors Association; Mr. John Breyault, Vice President of Public Policy, Telecommunications, and Fraud, the National Consumers League; Mr. Gil Genn, Maryland Sports and Entertainment Industry Coalition; Ms. Jamie Pena, Vice President, Revenue Strategy and Global Distribution, Omni Hotels & Resorts, and Mr. Michael Best, Senior Policy Advocate of Consumer Federation of America.    We appreciate you all being here today.    We will begin the panel with you, Mr. Hendrickson. You are recognized for 5 minutes to give a summary of your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Dr. O'Shanick, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    Mr. Shur, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    Mr. Arrington, you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    The Chair recognizes Mr. John Breyault for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    Mr. Genn, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    The Chair now takes great pleasure in recognizing a constituent, Ms. Pena, 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady for her testimony.    Mr. Best, you are recognized for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The Chair thanks everyone for their testimony today, and we are going to move into the members' questions portion of the hearing.    I wish to yield 5 minutes to Ms. Schakowsky of Illinois, ranking member of the subcommittee, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    Unfortunately, we do have a vote on the floor. So, the committee is going to take a recess while we vote, and we will reconvene immediately after the vote series concludes.    Mr. Burgess. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. We stand in recess.    Mr. Burgess. I call the subcommittee back to order.    We will resume where we were with member questions of the third panel. I would like to recognize Mr. Harper of Mississippi for 5 minutes for his questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Rush of Illinois, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, I see that my time has expired.    Mr. Burgess. Indeed, it has. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Rush. You didn't have to say it like that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    I am going to recognize myself, finally, for 5 minutes for questions. I have deferred and let all members go first. So, I am not taking extra time.    It occurs to me that my first term on this subcommittee some 10 years ago Mr. Rush was the chairman of the subcommittee, sat here. I sat way down there on the minority side.    And we had a hearing on some problem with toys that were coming in from China and the yellow paint on the toys apparently had more lead in it than the law allowed. And we had an executive from one of the major manufacturers sitting here at the desk. And I remember when it finally came my time to question, I said, ``I just simply do not understand. I think if you marketed your toys with made in the USA, had a little American flag on the bottom of that truck or duck,'' or whatever it was, ``that those things would fly off the shelves. And if you even went one step further and said made in Ft. Worth, Texas, and had a little Texas flag on the bottom, those things, you know, they would be collectors' items the day they went on the shelves.'' He didn't agree with me.    But, Mr. Hendrickson, I feel the same way you do. I think there is value to being made in America. And I just want to ask you a question because most things that I buy--and I am not even sure what the rules are governing this--will have ``made in China,'' ``made in Mexico,'' not that I buy things made in China, but, I mean, you look at packages and there is a country of origin.    So, if you are not allowed to put ``made in the USA'' on your basketball hoop, what does it say, ``made nowhere''?    Mr. Burgess. I couldn't agree more.    Ms. Pena, how do people fall into the trap that you have laid out for us that they think they are booking on a reputable site and they are actually booking--they have gone through the looking glass and they are booking in a different dimension? How does that happen?    Mr. Burgess. But the transaction does not go through the hotel's registry? It is going through something else?    Mr. Burgess. And then, what is the bottom line for the consumer when they go to check in?    Mr. Burgess. I see.    And, Mr. Genn, let me just ask you briefly, the ticket sales issue, a lot of states have state laws around this. Why wouldn't this just remain a state issue? Why is it necessary to do something at a federal level?    Mr. Burgess. Very well.    Well, once again, I want to thank all of you for your testimony today. It has been a long day, but I think it has been very, very informative.    And seeing there are no further members wishing to ask questions of this panel, I want to say before we conclude I do have the following documents that I want to submit for the record by unanimous consent:    A letter from the American Society of Association Executives; a letter from the National Sporting Groups Association; a letter from the Joint Association of H.R. 4460; a letter from Ashford, Incorporated; a letter from Delta Airlines; a letter from the United States Chamber of Commerce; a letter from the American Academy of Pediatrics; a letter from the Consumer Review on H.R. 5111; a letter from Consumer Review on FTC process; a letter from the Brain Injury Association of America; a letter from the Retail Industry Leaders Association; a letter from Safe Kids Worldwide; a letter from the National Association of State Head Injury Administration; a blog posting from the Sunlight Foundation; a letter from the medical stakeholders on the Youth Sports Concussion Act; a letter from the California Hotel and Lodging Association.    Mr. Burgess. Pursuant to committee rules, I will remind the members that they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record, and I ask that our witnesses submit their responses in a timely fashion.