    Ms. Goldfuss. Good morning, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva. And just a quick note to Jean, thank you for all of your work. You are a true environmental champion, and we are so sad, so sad that you are leaving this committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss CEQ's efforts to modernize NEPA through proposed guidance on the consideration of greenhouse gas emissions and the effects of climate change in NEPA reviews. We at CEQ are proud of this guidance, and we welcome the opportunity to speak to you about it today.    As you know, and has been mentioned, NEPA calls on agencies to consider the potential environmental impacts of their actions when making decisions to quote the statute which, really, was before its time. The law was established to declare a national policy which will encourage productive and enjoyable harmony between man and his environment, to promote efforts which will prevent or eliminate damage to the environment and biosphere, and stimulate the health and welfare of man, and to enrich the understanding of the ecological systems and natural resources important to the Nation.    In short, NEPA asks agencies, and requires agencies, to look before they leap. It allows agencies the flexibility to consider environmental impacts in a reasonable and measured manner. It allows them to focus on issues that are important, hear from all stakeholders, and exercise their professional judgment in projecting environmental impacts.    CEQ's draft GHG guidance will add further predictability to the NEPA process by clarifying for agencies and project sponsors how to account for climate change as part of environmental reviews. It provides a reasoned and transparent approach that will enable them to make more informed decisions. This guidance reflects our latest effort to help agencies complete environmental reviews consistently, efficiently, and openly under the existing NEPA framework.    We know that a changing climate is a reality, and carbon pollution is the biggest driver of climate change. We also know that Federal actions can contribute to emissions, and that climate change affects agencies and their actions. And we know that consideration of climate change falls squarely within the scope of NEPA. And Federal courts across multiple circuits have considered various approaches to this analysis.    Where the courts differ, and what agencies have been wrestling with for years, however, is how climate change should be considered in NEPA reviews. Our guidance offers a consistent approach that increases certainty and preserves agency discretion. This makes it easier and faster for agencies to prepare reviews and will reduce the threat of litigation, which can be costly and cause further delay.    I want to be clear about something, as I think it often gets lost when we talk about NEPA generally or specifically with relation to the greenhouse gas guidance. NEPA's requirements focus on the process by which agencies consider the impacts of their actions, not on the outcomes. It does not require agencies to make an environmentally preferred decision, or to reject certain projects. The guidance is simply about transparency and informed decisionmaking. I like to think of it like the calorie count on a box of cereal. Just like nothing prevents a consumer from selecting the most calorie-intensive alternative, nothing about our guidance requires an agency to select the least greenhouse gas-intensive alternative.    The guidance does not regulate emissions, direct agencies to prohibit emissions-intensive projects, or mandate that agencies select the alternative with the least emissions. What the guidance does do is put an end to delays caused by hand-wringing over whether climate change should be addressed, or how to address it. Our guidance provides a consistent framework for how agencies can consider climate impacts.    Specifically in the guidance we encourage agencies to focus their analysis on those actions involving large levels of emissions which are most likely to raise climate issues. We encourage agencies to use existing GHG estimation tools, rather than attempting to build their own. We advise agencies to consider the potential effects of climate change, such as flooding or drought, early in the project planning process. And we emphasize that agencies should rely on existing assessments and reports on climate change, rather than conducting their own research.    As always under NEPA, agencies must focus their analysis on reasonably foreseeable direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts, as a project; limit their analysis on what is necessary, given the scope of the project; and avoid speculation. We remain confident that this guidance will bring greater clarity on when, why, and how the NEPA process should apply to climate change issues.    Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, I am proud of what CEQ has accomplished over the past 5 years to modernize and reinvigorate NEPA and the NEPA process. I appreciate the opportunity to present to you today, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, Congress has given CEQ the responsibility to interpret and implement NEPA, and that means working with the agencies to give them the guidance they need to do it properly. So we have issued guidance on several occasions on many issues to help them with that process. So this guidance----    Ms. Goldfuss . Falls in that category.    Ms. Goldfuss. It means it is not a regulation. This is guidance for the agencies to help them with their decisionmaking process.    Ms. Goldfuss. We do. It is our hope--that is part of the purpose of putting out the guidance----    Ms. Goldfuss . That the agencies will use it.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, agencies do have much discretion. And, on a case-by-case basis, they may make that decision. But it is CEQ's hope that they will use the guidance, when appropriate.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is not necessarily our role. On occasion, a project will become so contentious between agencies that we will get a referral, that's what it is called, and then we will help them work that through. But it is not our intent to intervene on that level.    Ms. Goldfuss. Each agency has their own discretion----    Ms. Goldfuss. No.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, it is----    Ms. Goldfuss. It is an official process. We have not had one since the 1980s to CEQ, though. So it has been a long time since there has been a referral.    Ms. Goldfuss. If they went forward and determined that it was not appropriate to use the guidance on their project, they could continue with their process. And then, if the courts determined that was not an appropriate choice, they would then have to redo.    Ms. Goldfuss. The courts get involved----    Ms. Goldfuss. The guidance is not what gives them access to the courts.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is the regulations for NEPA.    Ms. Goldfuss. It doesn't give court access. The guidance is simply a tool for agencies when they ask questions about how to implement NEPA.    Ms. Goldfuss. No.    Ms. Goldfuss. Agencies have discretion to implement NEPA the way that they see fit on a----    Ms. Goldfuss . Project-by-project basis----    Ms. Goldfuss. We have a series of court cases and questions from the agency, specifically, about how to address climate change. We have heard from the courts, as Mr. Martella also referenced, that including climate change is an appropriate consideration in NEPA reviews.    So, from questions from stakeholders, the courts, and the agencies themselves, they have been asking how to do this. So this is our best guess at the way to do it.    Ms. Goldfuss. This is new guidance that is not final yet, and I can't speculate on how individuals will use it in the courts in----    Ms. Goldfuss. So I would just add right now, as the status quo, that challenge still could come. We have more than 20 cases that have criticized the agencies in how they have or have not analyzed climate change in their review. So, with or without this guidance, that challenge can come. I can't speak to the specific situation in Alaska, and what the outcome would be. But the status quo would allow for that challenge already.    Ms. Goldfuss. Ms. Goldfuss. CEQ gets our money from you, sir. We are funded by Congress.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. I would say that we have heard about this issue of upstream and downstream more than any other one specific issue, and are listening to industry and stakeholders on it directly, and are considering, as we go through the 100 comments that we have right now, those recommendations.    It is our hope, our focus, and our intent to really focus on what NEPA, the major tenants of NEPA, which are the direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts, and not be speculative about it. So we don't want to add confusion to what exists already.    Ms. Goldfuss. I want to make sure I understand the question. So you are saying if we were the only country to address this.    Ms. Goldfuss. I can't estimate that number. I apologize.    Ms. Goldfuss. NEPA would not lead to a decision where you would not do a project. It is not about outcomes; it is about informed decisionmaking.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, CEQ is responsible for helping the agencies to implement NEPA. And we give them great deference in making those decisions. So it will be decided on a case-by-case basis, what the impact will be, and whether or not the guidance is appropriate for that project.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, I once again would go back to the fact that this is about informed decisionmaking, so it is up to the decisionmaker to determine whether or not one of the alternatives is appropriate for all the factors that go into the NEPA review, not just the greenhouse gas guidance.    Ms. Goldfuss. I just want to clarify. NEPA does not require cost benefit analysis, and this guidance does not require that the social cost of carbon be used. So I can direct you to language specifically in the guidance, but it is not a requirement.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. And each of those decisions is somewhat inconsistent on what they are telling the agencies. So those different decisions are part of the reason that the agencies have been asking us to clarify what their approach should be.    Ms. Goldfuss. I would say they are more likely. I mean there are 27 different approaches and ideas about how it should apply it, and then it is left to the agencies to determine what their approach should be, based on those decisions.    Ms. Goldfuss. With consistent approach and developing the tools, and using the tools that--excuse me, let me restate that. We don't want them to develop new tools, but using the existing tools that they have, they will be more successful in their approach of carrying out NEPA.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, just one little correction. It is just a point of reference, not an actual threshold. So we wanted to give the agencies a point of reference to focus on the projects that will have the greatest greenhouse gas emissions impact.    Ms. Goldfuss. That would be an impressive human being.    Ms. Goldfuss. I will let the committee answer that one.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is outside our authority, I would say, Chairman.    The Chairman. I hope to shout. All right. Mr. Gohmert, you are recognized.    Ms. Goldfuss. For starters, we are talking about NEPA here today, which is a great example of how we have impacts across the country, because this model that was created 45 years ago has now been emulated in many countries as a process that works, in terms of looking at different options and informing our decisions.    So, yes, we lead by example. All of these decisions that are being made, and work that is being put into climate talks around the globe, the Obama administration clearly recognizes that we can't do this on our own. The historic announcement that was made with China and, as we lead up to negotiations in Paris, this is a challenge of enormous proportions that really requires that we look at this in every decision.    So, maybe not one individual decision is going to tip the scales, but, cumulatively, we can have an impact on this problem, and not just here, in the United States, but China, India, and all of the countries around the world.    Ms. Goldfuss. We looked at many comments with relation to the land sector, specifically. And when the draft guidance was first put out in 2010, it was an open question, as to whether or not this guidance would address actions on Federal lands.    The Federal Government manages about 30 percent of the land mass across the country, as Chairman Bishop is very familiar with. That is more than 600 million acres. So it is our responsibility to look at those actions. We understand that it is different with relation to forestry activities, or other actions that are taken, so we have tools that specifically, sector by sector, can calculate these emissions, both short-term and long-term, but feel that it is appropriate, given the land management position that we hold to analyze those emissions, as well.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes, definitely.    Ms. Goldfuss. I guess where I would start, not knowing specifically which project to address here, that, overall, NEPA allows state governments, local governments, and Federal Governments to work together. We do not require duplication of review or analysis. So what one agency or one entity does can be used for the overall review, so that the outcome is appropriate. In large projects, you frequently have Federal dollars, state dollars, local dollars. You have private dollars, you have all of this coming together, which makes a very complicated project that has a major impact on a community.    So, through NEPA, we are able to make sure it is cited properly, we are able to work together with all of those entities, and come out with the best result.    Ms. Goldfuss. Not having to duplicate reports. And, in the best outcome, when NEPA is given the appropriate partnership and analysis, the project leads to a better project, and less delay, and no litigation.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, the National Environmental Policy Act created CEQ to advise the Administration--advise the President, in particular. There are 11 components in the White House. The National Security Council is one of those that you may be more familiar with.    Ms. Goldfuss. So we are the Council on Environmental Quality, responsible for advising the President on----    Ms. Goldfuss . Environmental decision----    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, Congressman, I would respectfully say that last week the jobs number came out with an unemployment rate of 5.4, and we have had 60----    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes, but we are having a strong economic recovery now, and----    Ms. Goldfuss. I guess I don't agree----    Ms. Goldfuss. I would also say that we have had an enormous energy growth in this country over the past several years that has really carried this economy, that has happened with these environmental rules and information in place. So these things can happen at the same time. We can have a strong environment, and have an economic recovery----    Ms. Goldfuss. I am saying that----    Ms. Goldfuss. I am saying that it is important here, in the United States, that we both have infrastructure that we build, and we have energy development, and we protect our environment at the same time. And the American public----    Ms. Goldfuss. Ms. Goldfuss. I would say----    Ms. Goldfuss. I would say that we have--as the United----    Ms. Goldfuss. I advise the President on making smart environmental decisions, and we do that in the----    Ms. Goldfuss . Complex decisionmaking scheme----    Ms. Goldfuss. I would say Todd Stern from the State Department, and members of my team, as well, as we work with partners----    Ms. Goldfuss . Around the globe----    Ms. Goldfuss . To have a strong environment and a strong economy.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Polis.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes, I would say that we--certainly within the guidance, and then more specifically, when we hear from local mayors and governors who are dealing with the impacts on their infrastructure and the decisions that they need to make in their towns, they step away from the politics of it, and this idea of building more resilient infrastructure, and making sure taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly is going into their planning already.    As we look at the guidance, we have two components of it. One is to incorporate greenhouse gas emissions. The other is to--in this look-before-you-leap proposal, what information do we have about where sea-level rise is? If we are in a drought-stricken area, are there smarter decisions that could be made about how we build, where we build, and where we spend taxpayer dollars, so that we are making the smartest decision for the future?    Ms. Goldfuss. I am not familiar with the details of each of those cases.    Ms. Goldfuss. We--yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. We are looking at what is coming out of those court cases, yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. I believe that is true, yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, the Supreme Court cases that we have on Waters of the U.S. are less than clear. And we have been given the tall task of clarifying what----    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. I would say that, when it comes to NEPA timelines, as Mr. Clark referenced earlier, more than 90 percent of the NEPA decisions are categorical exclusions, which happens in a week or two.    Ms. Goldfuss. And then----    Ms. Goldfuss. I am afraid I don't understand the question.    Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Westerman.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, the truth on that is I don't have the exact calculations. And we have many tools that look at specific case-by-case decisions. So that is what we would do in the case of CEQ.    Ms. Goldfuss. I don't have those estimates.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    Ms. Goldfuss. First, I understand, and we understand, that the land sector is different. Each of these decisions will have to be made on a case-by-case basis, and we will have to analyze the short- and long-term impacts of the climate cycle. So, I completely understand what you are saying, in terms of how we assess that, and there are tools and data sets that allow us to do that.    What was the second part of your question?    Ms. Goldfuss. So this guidance would just advise the Forest Service or any agency to use the available data to make the decisions on a case-by-case basis. So, with the appropriate science, they should be able to make a decision and get to the right place.    Ms. Goldfuss. Based on the specific land section we have in the guidance, it is our hope to work with agencies that that would not be the case. We want to make this to work for them, and they can apply it on each decision, to the best of their ability.    Ms. Goldfuss. So, Congressman Costa, thank you for that. I know at CEQ--and we work with our colleagues at OMB and other areas around the Executive Office of the President--we are trying hard to modernize NEPA. And that does mean getting appropriate timelines, working through technology tools to help the agencies. When we come up against big projects that we know will be difficult, we try to start out with a cooperative approach with agencies all coming together.    But, yes, these can be difficult discussions, and I think your point about making it work, and modernizing it, is something that we have been trying to do in this Administration as much as possible.    Ms. Goldfuss. I do.    The Chairman. So, it is a procedural statute. NEPA, then, is a look-before-you-leap statute that then requires an agency to take a hard look at the environmental consequences of the qualifying action.    OK, so far?    Ms. Goldfuss. The Chairman. The agency's scope review under NEPA is limited by the requirement that the effects or impacts of the proposed action be reasonably foreseen in statute. And for indirect effects or impacts, they must be approximate cause of the proposed action.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    The Chairman. We are still together so far.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    The Chairman. So you agree, then, that the scope of NEPA is not unlimited.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    The Chairman. The rule of reason limits NEPA analysis to environmental information of use and relevance to the agency. In other words, the rule of reason, as interpreted by the courts, means that the agency cannot evaluate an environmental effect or impact where the agency has no ability to prevent a certain effect, due to its limited statutory authority over the relevant actions.    So, would you agree, then, that the draft guidance is bound by the limitations we just mentioned?    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes, it is bound by those limitations, and we have the ability to measure the greenhouse gas emissions of projects.    The Chairman. So that the draft guidance cannot suggest an agency go beyond the statutory jurisdiction in its NEPA analysis.    Ms. Goldfuss. Correct.    The Chairman. So, if the draft guidance is not withdrawn, there will be a clarification that an agency cannot perform a NEPA environmental review beyond its statutory jurisdiction limits, or the limits imposed by the courts?    Ms. Goldfuss. Are you--I have lost you now.    The Chairman. Obviously, the first question is--I would prefer you withdraw----    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    The Chairman . The guidance. But, if not, there will be a clarification the agency cannot perform its NEPA environmental review beyond the statutory jurisdictional limits?    Ms. Goldfuss. I guess I am not sure why that would be needed. I mean the guidance does not change the underlying scope of the statute, and that would be true of any guidance that we put out. So, stating that it doesn't go beyond the underlying statute would not be necessary.    The Chairman. OK. Let me--and that, I think, is significant, where that jurisdiction becomes.    Let me ask just a couple of quick questions of individuals who are here.    Mr. Martella--well, actually, let me ask all of you. All of you mentioned talking about the downstream and upstream requirements in this guidance, that there is a need for clarification. Do I have any disagreement that what is upstream and downstream should be clarified in some way? I think, Ms. Goldfuss, you said you would look at that.    Ms. Goldfuss. Correct.    The Chairman. I hope you do it.    Mr. Martella?    Ms. Goldfuss. Less.    The Chairman. Mr. Martella?    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. All politics aside, we see local communities making these decisions on their own with the information that we can provide and that they have on their own.    As protectors of taxpayer dollars, it is our responsibility to recognize the climate is changing. This guidance will help us make smarter, more informed decisions, so that we don't waste taxpayer dollars, and that we have a stronger future.    Ms. Goldfuss. I don't have an exact date. We are looking through the comments now. But we are working to do it swiftly.    The Chairman. Mr. Martella, does not having an exact date present a problem?