    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses.    Secretary Cohen, in your investigation, did you determine that EPA employees had considered using 404(c) of the Clean Water Act long before EPA had obtained any science on the impacts of the mine?    Hon. Cohen. I indicated in the report that there were allegations to that effect and that there was some indication, some examples that were cited in the report of conversations had as early as 2005 on the part of Mr. North talking to others that this was something that would be ripe for a 404(c) application. In addition to that, there were a number of matrixes set out, a pro and con matrix, for the Administrator to look at to say well, if we go the NEPA way, here's what happens. If we use 404(c), we have these advantages. And so there were indications that long before they made a determination that this has been something that they were considering. Also, there's a budgetary issue involved. It appears--and again, this is something that we couldn't really confirm but it appears that money was being requested as early as 2009 in order to carry out the 404(c) investigation. There were--it's in the 2010 budget, it appears to be in the 2010 budget of EPA. To get it in the budget, you would have to have started talking about it as early as 2009. So there's--there are a lot of examples. I didn't come to any conclusion that there was--that they in fact had made that decision but there's enough there for you to want to follow up on to say how come these processes were used that early.    Mr. Palmer. But even though it's lower-level employees, wouldn't that be indicative of a, I guess, an attitude of predetermined predetermination?    Hon. Cohen. Well, if you look at the matrix, one of the interesting things you will note is that the--in that matrix it says this is unprecedented, this action under 404(c) would be unprecedented. Number two, if you take action here, it would allow EPA to be able to take greater control on the political spinning of an issue. So these were laid out as potential actions, pros and cons. If you go 404(c), here are the benefits, here are the liabilities. It's likely if you go 404(c) that you'll stimulate litigation. You're likely to run into litigation. It's likely to be fought legally.    So the Administrator had to look at these issues and make a decision based on the pros and cons, and obviously came out in favor of using 404(c) without the filing of the plan, and based it upon the hypotheticals that we mentioned in the report, three hypotheticals in terms of what the size might be, and again, an issue for Congress. Is this something that comports with a government's obligation to be as forthcoming and fair as possible?    Mr. Palmer. And you know, that's part of my concern with how the EPA does business and what we've seen in this Committee is that EPA makes a determination based on science and then will not turn over the data to back up the science that they used for the decision, but in this case, it seems that there's a predetermination without any science.    Hon. Cohen. Oh, I think--I think there's science involved, Congressman. I really do. I think that I disagree with the method used here but I don't question EPA's calling upon experts with great scientific background.    The issue for me is there's science on both sides, and that's up to the courts and others and Congress to reconcile. But the issue for me is whether or not that you would use a process whereby you preclude in effect a company like Pebble from saying yes, we are going to dredge this amount of land, we're going to do this amount of change to the environment or harm to the environment but we also have some mitigation measures which we feel will give EPA and the State of Alaska and the people of the Greater 48 an opportunity to see that we've got the best possible science that's being developed on a day-by-day basis. That's the part that is missing here. I don't question the science used by EPA to say these things would happen. I just question whether or not they have precluded an equally compelling case to be developed by the Pebble people.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is expired. I yield.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Collier, Secretary Cohen testified that EPA employees were considering preemptive 404(c) process for the Pebble Mine as early as 2005. The documents obtained by the Committee show that the EPA employee Phil North began preparing a record to base a preemptive 404(c) action as early as 2009. Tell me, if you would, explain to the Committee why these actions concern you.    Mr. Palmer. I've got a slide I'd like for the Committee to put up.    And to the point you just made, this email appears to lay out the playbook for initiating a preemptive 404(c) action. Is it troubling that EPA employees appear to have made up their minds in stopping the Pebble Mine so early in the process? And how much faith can you have in the objectivity of the EPA to evaluate the mine?    Mr. Palmer. We've had some issues with private emails. You may have heard of them.    Mr. Palmer. There's another slide I'd like to put up.    Here again it's very apparent that they--the playbook is already laid out and has less to do with establishing the actual science or determining the actual impacts of the project or conducting objective analysis and more to do with appealing to politics and optics to achieve a certain outcome at the EPA. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Palmer. It's almost--I hate to even ask the question, but is that the correct way for an agency to make decisions?    Mr. Palmer. Well, my--Mr. Chairman, if I may before I yield back, I'd just like to point out that the topic of this hearing is just another example of the EPA working outside acceptable parameters, overreaching and in some cases--in this case it just appears to be very manipulative of the process to reach a predetermined outcome.    And we've seen it in other areas where the EPA is involved, the ozone standards, the Clean Power Plan, the Waters of the U.S., and now with Pebble Mine. I just think that at some point the EPA has got to be held accountable for actions such as this.    I yield back.