    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. Ms. McCabe, thank you very much for your testimony.    Adapting to and mitigating climate change should be front and center in our discussions at every level of society and Government. As representatives who should be advocating for the best interests of our constituents and future constituents, we should be jumping at the chance to pursue avenues to protect their health and well-being, and to insure that we provide a safe and vibrant world to live in. Fortunately, we seem to be having the same discussion over and over again mired in the same shortsighted rhetoric.    So my first question, we've heard the majority repeatedly claim that the Clean Power Plan will harm rate payers, and particularly disadvantaged and low-income individuals; however, both the EPA and independent organizations have demonstrated that increase use of renewables and energy efficiency will over time lead to significant decreases in the cost of electricity for American families. Could you elaborate on how the Clean Power Plan will impact cost to rate payers over the short, but also particularly over the long term?    Mrs. Capps. Thank you. I think you partially answered my second question, but to emphasize, can you speak to how we could accelerate the transition to renewables and energy efficiency? I mean, long term it isn't very appetizing to some people who are having trouble making it month to month. What are some ways we can help to speed up that process?    Mrs. Capps. OK, thank you. Another topic or aspect to this: My colleagues often discuss the issue as a matter of dollars and cents, focusing only on the cost to polluters, while ignoring the benefits for customers, consumers. And that's partly because you can't really put a price tag on human well-being, but there are definite tangible economic benefits, wouldn't you say, both for employers and employees that come from having a healthier workforce.    Mrs. Capps. EPA has projected the climate and health benefits of the Clean Power Plan to be between $34-54 billion. Could you elaborate on this, or give us some specific examples of how cleaner air translates into more money in people's pockets?    Mrs. Capps. Right. I'm going to just put this out there, but there's not going to be time for you to answer it. We have in my home State of California been very proactive at reducing emission rates through our California Air Resources Board. Is there a way that the Clean Power Plan and other EPA actions like the Ozone Rule could produce similar results nationwide?    Mrs. Capps. Thank you very much. I yield back.