    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    The recent cyber attack against the Office of Personnel Management is the latest in a series of aggressive attacks against our Nation in both the public and private sectors.    I want to put up a slide that lists some of the most significant breaches over the past few years.    Mr. Cummings. Anthem, 80 million people; JPMorgan, 76 million people; Target, 70 million people; OPM, at least 4 million so far. Then there was the Postal Service, Sony Pictures, and USIS. This is not a comprehensive list by any means.    Ladies and gentlemen, when you see this list, the picture is clear: the United States of America is under attack. Sophisticated cyber spies, many from foreign countries, are targeting the sensitive personal information of millions, millions of Americans. They are attacking our government, our economy, our financial sector, our healthcare system, and virtually every single aspect of our lives.    For more than two years I have been pressing for our committee to investigate these cyber attacks, so I thank the chairman for holding today's hearing, and I hope we will hold similar hearings on many of these other attacks as well.    With respect to the attack against OPM, my primary concern is who was targeted, government workers, and what foreign governments could do with this information. I have several questions for OPM.    How many Federal employees were indeed affected? What kind of information was compromised? And what steps are being taken to help these employees now? I also want to know how these attackers got inside of OPM's networks.    Last year, cyber attackers penetrated the networks of USIS and Keypoint, two contractors that perform background checks for security clearances on behalf of OPM.    One of the most critical questions we have today is, did these cyber attackers gain access to OPM's data systems using information they stole from USIS or Keypoint last year. Did they get the keys to OPM's network from one of its contractors?    Mr. Chairman, I asked you to invite both Keypoint and USIS representatives here to testify today. You agreed to invite USIS, but last night they refused, just as they have refused repeated requests for information over the past year. They did not offer someone else they thought would be appropriate; they simply refused.    I do not say this lightly, Mr. Chairman, but I believe USIS and its parent company may now be obstructing this committee's work. We have suggested previously that the committee hold a transcribed interview. Given the history of noncompliance at USIS, I believe this may be one of the only ways to obtain the information we are seeking.    Mr. Chairman, over the past two years I have also been pressing to investigate ways to better protect personal information that belongs to the American people: their financial records, their medical records, their credit card information, their Social Security numbers, and a host of other information they want to keep secure.    I sought advice from some of the Nation's top information security experts in private business and government. These experts warn that we cannot rely primarily on keeping the attackers out. We need to operate with the assumption that the attackers are already inside. They are already there.    Last week, one of the world's foremost cybersecurity firms, Kaspersky Labs, was penetrated in a cyber attack, and, according to FireEye, one of the companies my staff spoke with, the average amount of time a hacker remains undetected is more than 200 days. That is a lot of time.    Obviously, we need strong firewalls and other defenses to keep attackers out. But experts recommend much more aggressive measures to wall off or segregate data systems to minimize the impact of inevitable data breaches in the future. Practices like data masking, redaction and encryption must become the norm rather than the exception.    Finally, we need to remember who the bad guys are here. They are not U.S. companies or Federal workers who are trying to keep our information safe. The bad guys are the foreign nations and other entities behind these devastating attacks.    According to law enforcement officials, North Korea, China, Russia, and Iran are the most advanced persistent threats to this Nation's cybersecurity. So, as we move forward today, I want to caution everyone that as much as we want to learn about this attack, we have to do so in a responsible way. A lot of the information about the attack is classified, and the last thing we want to do is give our enemies information or compromise active law enforcement investigations.    We are having a classified briefing for members at 1:00 p.m. today, so I encourage everyone to attend.    As I close, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you again for the bipartisan approach that you have taken on this issue, and I hope we can continue to investigate these and other breaches to identify common threats against our Country and the best ways to counter them.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Seymour, this data breach is particularly concerning because the individuals who were targeted were government employees and the suspected attackers are foreign entities. I am concerned that this breach may pose a national security threat.    According to a statement from OPM, the personal information of approximately 4 million current and former Federal employees was compromised in this breach. What can you tell us about the type of personal information that was compromised in this breach?    Mr. Cummings. So, Social Security numbers?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Seymour, it was reported on Friday that, in addition to this breach, hackers had breached highly sensitive information gathered in background investigations of current and former Federal employees. Is that true?    Mr. Cummings. Do you know how far back that goes?    Mr. Cummings. So it is possible that somebody could be working for the Federal Government for 30 years and that their information over that 30 years could have been breached?    Mr. Cummings. So what can you tell us about the type of information that may have been compromised in the second breach?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you. I am going to come back to you.    Dr. Ozment, these suspected cyber spies from a foreign state went after sensitive detailed information about Federal employees. What could they do with this information? I am talking to you, yes.    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Experts advise taking steps to mitigate damage from cyber spying attacks by using tools such as data segmentation, data masking, and encryption; and the chairman asked about encryption. I know from past OPM testimony before the committee that OPM has been a leader in deploying those tools.    Now, Ms. Seymour, it is kind of hard to understand how cyber spies could have accessed more than 4 million records if you were using those tools to the fullest. Ms. Archuleta has a lot of faith and confidence in you, as the chairman just stated. Can you explain what happened?    Mr. Cummings. Well, in the meantime, if we are going to collect and we are going to store sensitive personal information, we must make it unusable to our adversaries, if they are cyber spies, are able to steal it. Would you agree? OPM, as well as American businesses, have to do a better job of protecting sensitive information. Would you agree, ma'am?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Ms. Seymour, do you have the tools now to do that? Are you trying to tell us you don't?    Mr. Cummings. Now, when you talk about the future, I mean, what are you talking about? Are you talking about three months, three years?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Seymour, this is the question: We are collecting data right now. There is people's data that is out there. And I am talking about, in the meantime, where are we? In other words, I know you are trying to do some things, but that doesn't make Federal employees feel pretty good. It doesn't make me feel good.    So tell me more. Are you saying that we are just vulnerable and we don't know when we are going to be able to deploy the types of systems that you just talked about?    Mr. Cummings. I am not talking about what you have done. I am talking about what is going on today.    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Mr. Cummings. Now, Mr. Esser, the Office of Inspector General conducted an audit in 2014, the chairman was talking about this, of OPM's information security programs and found several weaknesses. Can you briefly identify what those weaknesses were that you found?    Mr. Cummings. So the chairman asked Ms. Archuleta a question of how she thought she'd done. Based upon that, what grade would you give?    Mr. Cummings. So of all the things that you just stated, there are certain things that were not done, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Did any of them lead to this breach, the things that were not done?    Mr. Cummings. And last, but not least, do you have a silver bullet to address this issue, sir?    Mr. Cummings. You heard me asking Ms. Seymour about the fact that we are constantly collecting information, and it seems as if we are just vulnerable and that there are certain areas that we may not be able to defend ourselves in. Is that an accurate statement?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.