    Mr. Kubiak. Good morning, Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee.    ICE Homeland Security Investigations' most important function is to address threats to the homeland, and doing so before they reach our Nation's borders enhances the security of trade, travel, and financial systems by identifying and disrupting the illicit actors, organizations, and activities within them.    There are more than 400 HSI personnel and 63 offices around the world with foreign counterparts to mitigate threats to public safety and National security through our unique investigative authorities.    In fiscal year 2014, these attaches' efforts through their international counterpart relationships resulted in 2,500 criminal arrests, the seizure of 11,000 firearms, over a million pounds of narcotics, 400 million dollars' worth of counterfeit merchandise, and $43 million in international criminal proceeds.    In recent years, HSI has increased our effectiveness through these relationships in regions of the world that are most important to us, with programs such as the transnational criminal investigative unit and the enhancement of the visa security program. In our TCIUs, HSI special agents work alongside their vetted foreign counterparts to investigate criminal organizations that threaten the security and economy of both our countries. These TCIUs increase partner capabilities, lead to the exchange of best practices, and build stronger relationships which facilitate seamless information exchange between HSI and the host nation partners.    Vetted foreign officers attend an intense 3-week course at our academy taught by HSI and funded through partnerships with the Department of State, which builds both of our joint capacities to attack criminal networks. Just last month I had the honor of participating in the graduation of 12 Panamanians and 12 Guatemalan Federal police, who are now back in their countries working along HSI agents to decrease crime. I would invite each of you to attend one of those graduations which we will have this summer.    Currently HSI has TCIU partnerships with 8 countries with more than 200 foreign law enforcement officers. During fiscal year 2014, those TCIUs arrested 631 suspects, seized 30,000 pounds of cocaine, and $14 million in cash from various criminal organizations, to name a few accomplishments.    We are working with our Mexican counterparts to create 2 units there and additional units in Central America both this year and next with funding provided by Congress. Those units will increase our joint efforts to attack human smuggling and illicit financial networks that destabilize those countries and operate throughout the Americas.    The visa security program is another critical program that enhances security of the United States while facilitating legitimate travel. As this committee well knows, the Homeland Security Act directs DHS to assist the State Department in identifying visa applicants who seek to enter the United States for terrorist or criminal activities. The visa adjudication process presents the first opportunity to assess whether an individual seeking entry to the United States poses a threat.    HSI, its sister agency, CBP, and the State Department have collaborated to enhance visa security efforts through automation. The PATRIOT system now automatically screens visa application data against DHS holdings prior to the applicant's interview.    The PATRIOT system uses interagency and intelligence community resources to identify National security and public safety threats, and the screening is done jointly by HSI and CBP. The individuals that pose a threat are subject then to additional in-depth review of visa applications both here in the United States and by specially trained his agents overseas.    When a review and interview substantiate the threat, HSI agents recommend refusal or revocation of visas. In fiscal year 2014, the visa security program reviewed more than 2.2 million visa applications received at the 21 posts. The State Department has, to date, concurred with every one of our visa denial recommendations, nearly 8,700 last year.    It is these types of outcomes that drive us to expand. Therefore, with additional funding provided by Congress this year, HSI is expanding visa security operations to four additional posts before the end of the fiscal year and anticipates additional posts next year if funding allows.    While TCIUs and the visa security program demonstrate two important international capabilities, the bulk of HSI's principle engagement with international partners remains the routine interaction on investigative matters between our foreign deployed special agents and their international partners.    Every day, at 63 locations around the world, HSI special agents collaborate regionally with foreign law enforcement officers to dismantle or disrupt transnational criminal organizations. Our foreign personnel work tirelessly with their counterparts to investigate the full scope of our broad investigative authority.    We are involved in many other innovative efforts to enhance the Nation's security through international partnerships. We have strong collaboration with Europol. We have cooperation on cybercrimes with Interpol. We are attacking wildlife trafficking in Africa and throughout the Asia region. We are securing trade and travel throughout the world within these other efforts and these activities.    I appreciate the time of the committee today, and I look very much forward to your questions.    Mr. Kubiak. Chairman Miller, as you know, the Department really rallied all of its resources to address that threat after last summer and it took steps in a number of fronts to address kind-of the human smuggling activity throughout the entire corridor of the Americas.    The TCIUs, to start with your question, were a fundamental component of gathering intelligence related to what is causing migrants to leave their countries, what are the factors within those countries that are there, how they are getting from one location to another, and then, subsequently, how do we disrupt and identify the criminal networks associated in that activity.    So they weren't specifically formed for that purpose, but they were able to be applied to that purpose, and have had a fundamental role in the year since that activity and have given us a much better picture of the reasons that people are leaving the countries, but, also, more importantly to our line of work, I think, specifically, a much better picture of how the smuggling networks work throughout Central America, South America, Mexico and then, ultimately, in the United States and, in some cases, through the United States to Canada, depending upon the nationality of the individual and the activity.    We have been able to take those foreign assets, both the TCIUs and our attache networks overseas, develop that into reporting with our CBP counterparts, who also have assets deployed to Central America, South America, and Coast Guard, and under the Secretary's Joint Task Force structure and Unity of Effort have also built a human smuggling cell here in the United States that is focused specifically on that, collects that data, and helps us organize our activity and monitor what we call the indicators on a weekly basis to see if we can identify increases in illicit financial flows that relate to the smuggling of those networks into and out of the United States.    But those relationships, either strictly through the attaches or more enhanced relationships through the TCIUs, allow us to engage the foreign government to share information much more quickly and to address the threat and then operationalize that activity to reduce the crime in those countries, which is beneficial to both.    So it is very much a shared activity in our TCIU activity. There are threats that both countries feel are important to those activities. Now what we are doing is trying to link those TCIUs to increase collaboration and capacity between the countries themselves.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, we just participated in a training class where we had 12 Guatemalans and 12 Panamanians with U.S. officers, and that built camaraderie between the two units and exchange of best practices between them beyond what we were teaching them at FLETC in our training class.    Mr. Kubiak. Absolutely.    Mr. Kubiak. Thank you, sir.    So with additional funding that Congress provided us this fiscal year, we have been able to identify additional VSP posts, where we will initiate VSP operations in four locations before the end of the fiscal year.    That funding is 2-year funding, thankfully, to Congress' allocation because it is difficult for us to operationalize more offices than that, given the amount of time that we had left.    Mr. Kubiak. Sir, we don't publicly announce the locations of these security units, but I would be happy to provide that information in a Classified or Law Enforcement-Sensitive forum, if you would like.    Mr. Kubiak. So there was a major transition to the vetting of our process since the last GAO audit in that our vetting process was changed in two major ways. First of all, it was centralized.    So we do a centralized vetting now of all visa applications for those 21 posts where we were active. We do that even equally significantly prior to the State Department's decision on a visa application process.    So, in the past, it was done subsequent to that event. Now we have moved that to the front end so that the visa security officers, consular officers, overseas benefit from that centralized review and can focus on the most specific threats, those with derogatory information.    We do two things with that derogatory information. One, we are able to either determine that the derogatory information does not apply to the applicant that is applying for application to the United States or, second, we are able to further confirm and even spread that out and then utilize our opportunity overseas to interview those individuals to make greatest assets.    Mr. Kubiak. That is correct.    Mr. Kubiak. Twenty-one currently.    Mr. Kubiak. I appreciate the opportunity to really clarify that process and how the program has developed since 2003 when it was first initiated.    The PATRIOT process was a technological advancement for us that took a while. When I first was involved in international affairs back in 2003 through 2006, when the program was being developed, we simply didn't have the technical capability to process and screen those applications the way we do today and the way we are doing today.    As that process evolved after the GAO report in 2011, we did, in partnership with CBP, develop a system, the PATRIOT system, an ICE system, that allowed us to prescreen, automatically screen, and get that information from our partner agencies, like the Department of State, and then to run that automatically, in many cases, the screening capability against that activity.    Mr. Kubiak. So those databases work together to screen the applicants in the applicant process. But you are correct, we are not currently, we don't currently have the capability to screen the world, if you will, all the applications around the world that are submitted, and we are screening and vetting those applications at the 21 locations that we are.    We are working currently, now that we have the PATRIOT capability and the ability to do that, to assess, No. 1, how we would turn that capability on and where it would make sense to do so remotely without additional personnel. I don't think that we will likely ever be in a situation to be at all 225 visa-issuing posts physically. So those that are lower threat and----    Mr. Kubiak. Sure. That capability is automated now. That is just as of----    Mr. Kubiak. In 21 locations.    Mr. Kubiak. Well, that is what we are working on doing now, sir, is we are attempting to assess whether the capability and what the viability is of that. It is not as simple as flipping the switch and being able to do that, it is additional. It is not a completely automated process. There is a human factor associated with screening the information that the automated system puts out, being able then to deliver that to someone at post who can then operationalize that activity and being able to do the additional.    Mr. Kubiak. Sir, I don't currently have a time line, no. That process is in development at this point.    Mr. Kubiak. Sure.