    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you.    Let me first--you know, some have said that the United States no longer leads. I think they mean leading in a unilateral way. I want to compliment you on leading in this administration because I think leadership in today's world means leading in a multilateral way.    And what you and this administration have done was bring a lead by bringing countries together, whether it is bringing the country together on the P5+1, which those sanctions is what put Iran into the position that it currently is in, whether it is bringing countries together to fight Ebola, bringing countries together when we deal with the Ukrainian and Russian situation, bringing countries together to deal with ISIL.    That is leadership, and it is difficult leadership when everybody has their own competing interests. And I think that the leadership that we are doing today so that we can share this world that has shrunk by talking about, ``We just can't do it our way, by ourselves, with no one else'' is real leadership. It is hard work, and sometimes it is not thankful. So I appreciate the work that you are doing in that regard.    It is difficult because, when I look at my constituents, for example, even going back to 2003, they have had a sense of both hope and skepticism when multilateral negotiations regarding Iran's nuclear program initiated. And there have been many stops and starts since that time. And my constituency has expressed strong concern over the years about the prospects of an agreement with Iran. The current multilateral negotiations, of course, are no exception. And today we are at the precipice of a deadline set by the P5+1 under the Joint Plan of Action.    So my question simply is--and I want to ask three questions, and I am going to try to be quiet so you can answer them all--on this area, should my constituents that are so concerned--they tell me concerned and it is emotional for them because they are really concerned about the threat to Israel and about Iran having a nuclear weapon.    So should they be hopeful or skeptical at this point in the current negotiations? And what would you consider a comprehensive agreement, knowing that we are not there, if we can do that? And how does the administration's budget support that end? That is on Iran.    Quickly, I went to Asia just last week. I visited Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan. Clearly, there, being on the ground, was very helpful. Can you just tell us how important, when we look at TPP, for example, just on an economic side--but as I talked to some of those countries, they were looking at it also from a geopolitical aspect--how important it was for us to have a presence in the region.    So how important is TPP with reference to--geopolitically on top of the economics? And then when you talk about Vietnam, maybe even talking about capacity-building they are in.    Let me keep quiet and give you the few minutes I have. Because I just want to know whether we have any other tools because I--subcommittee on Europe----    Mr. Meeks. Well, the question is--I wanted to know whether or not with my constituents, who are skeptical----