    Dr. Pawelczyk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, good morning to you. I thank you for the opportunity to discuss the status of research using the International Space Station. It's the only platform of its kind, and it is absolutely essential to NASA's exploration goals.    To prepare for this hearing, you asked four specific questions, and I would like to briefly address each in the time allotted. You asked about opportunities and challenges. Well, the Augustine Commission emphasized three unique stressors that future astronauts will face: prolonged exposure to solar and galactic radiation; prolonged periods of exposure to microgravity; and confinement in close, relatively austere quarters. All of these stressors are present in the ISS environment. Martian operations add more stressors: a dusty, dim, environment and a gravitational field that is a little more than a third of our own. Unless we improve our centrifuge capabilities on the ISS--they are limited at the moment--we risk sending humans to Mars with little or no knowledge of how mammalian biology responds over years in a gravitational field less than Earth's.    Two challenges dominate the landscape, limited crew time and limited access to the ISS. We can reasonably anticipate that competition for time will become worse as the facility ages and demands to perform necessary maintenance become more acute.    Access is really a matter of competing programs. CASIS-sponsored research and peer-reviewed NASA-sponsored research vie for scarce resources. Better coordination between the two entities is needed.    You asked about critical areas of research. The National Research Council's Life and Physical Sciences Decadal Survey, which was completed in 2011 at Congress' request, summarized and sequenced 65 high-priority research tasks. Furthermore, the decadal study created two notional research plans, one with a goal of rebuilding a research enterprise and the other with a goal of a human mission to Mars. More about those goals in just a moment.    You asked about priorities. Well, prioritizing ISS research isn't a new concept. In fact, we've been working on that problem for close to 15 years. But the key question for prioritization isn't scientific, it's programmatic and it's something like this: Shall discovery research or fundamental research or translational research take precedence in the mature years of the ISS research program? The answer to that question has to be provided by government. Once those programmatic priorities are sequenced, can we prioritize the research? Absolutely. The LPS Decadal Survey provided a very detailed scheme and used eight unique criteria to do so.    The process for operations, you were curious about that, is well understood. CASIS receives its 50-percent allocation followed by human research, then technology demonstrations, and what resources remain are devoted to biology, physical sciences, and the Science Mission Directorate.    You asked about implications for extension and criteria that Congress should consider. I think one of the first tests that Congress should apply can be answered with a simple yes or no question. Is NASA prepared to operate a robust research program through 2024? And in my opinion, the answer is an unqualified yes, exclamation point. Absolutely. The transformation of this organization in the past five years has been nothing short of remarkable in the life and physical sciences. I've provided seven examples of that in my written testimony. But there are large knowledge gaps for Mars missions that will be one year or longer. The IG recently reported on this topic, and there are four areas where I'd like to see the report go a little bit further. First, the IG found that extension to 2024 wouldn't provide enough time to mitigate 13 human health risks for a Mars mission. I'm not quite prepared to accept that conclusion. There's simply too many degrees of freedom to establish useful risk criteria at this point in time. These risks need the context provided by a thorough task analysis of future Martian operations.    Second, the report didn't address powered down mass to any great extent, and we may need powered sample return for additional research tasks.    Third, the IG emphasized average crew time as a metric to quantify research utility. It's a good metric, but I'm not sure it goes far enough. I think we need to work on the concept of efficiency and evaluate and improve the efficiency of the research time we have.    And finally, the IG noted that research time is constrained with a six-person crew. We need that seventh member.    So my top recommendations are the following: Prioritize the programmatic goals, review the essential resources for extended mammalian research, including that seventh crew member, a scientist astronaut whose nominal responsibility is research, and finally to extend biological experiments to cover a substantial portion of mammalian life cycle and incorporate Martian gravity equivalents wherever possible. Given those sufficient resources, I am very optimistic that NASA can deliver another decade of rigorous translational research.    I sincerely thank you for your support of the program and the opportunity to appear.    Dr. Pawelczyk. Thank you very much for that question. And it's a great one, and I think it's an extremely important one for this Subcommittee to take on.    So the three biggies as you mention them really are this idea of discovery science. What are the big science questions that we want to have answered? We may not recognize the utility of those for a period of years. A piece of research equipment that we flew on my mission in 1998 was largely used in last year's Nobel Prize-winning awards. So that's 16 years to recognize some return on that investment, but it's a very important return nonetheless.    There's also translation, this idea of what do we need to do in order to go further. And of course, you mentioned the commercialization aspects. We have contended in the scientific community for many years that it is not our job to sequence those priorities. It is the job of government. It is the job of either the executive branch or the legislative branch, and I'll leave it up to you to sort out which is which. But I believe you've been pretty clear at this point. When I look at the authorization language for this year, you've said Mars is very important, but it's not an either/or. It's an and. NASA will also maintain a fundamental research program.    So I think you've already told us that Mars is the answer. And when you look at the research that remains to be done, the risks that sit in the red, most of them, and about half of them, are associated with the extended duration on Mars, so a notional mission of approximately three years duration.    I don't know of another research platform that is going to provide us extended research capability to answer those three-year questions. The ISS is our choice for that, and I think that's how it should be used.    Dr. Pawelczyk. Thank you very much for the question. I'd say the short answer is no. You're absolutely right that those particular functions were very hard hit. We saw about an 80 percent decrement in the science portfolios in fundamental biology and in the physical sciences. One of the great things that has happened since 2011 is that NASA has reinstituted a ground-based program. If you look at the numbers of people who are applying, they're in the hundreds for solicitation right now. There's active funding that is happening and bringing research up to the Station. So you're starting to see that coming back. But what's even more interesting about it is that you're seeing maybe some of the youngest scientists that have really schooled in the entrepreneurial spirit saying, hey, this is something I'd like to take an opportunity and check out.    You know, the ISS Research Conference this week was about three times bigger than what it was just a year ago. So there's a growing spirit, and we need to continue to feed that spirit, and I think great things will happen as a result.    Dr. Pawelczyk. To make sure that Ms. Oakley has time, I'll be brief. There are really three issues that we're dealing with here. They are the biological changes that we see in this continuous reduced gravity environment. Bone and muscle are some of the largest. It is this very energetic radiation environment that we understand to a large extent from the standpoint of solid tumors, but when we start to look at interactions of things like effects in the brain, accelerated cardiovascular disease----    Dr. Pawelczyk. It is. It's an absolutely unique experiment because genetically they're identical. And so the changes in space give you a chance to really talk about what's the variation that's exclusively because of the space environment.    And then of course there are the behavioral issues. You know, we're moving in that futuristic role. Right now the ISS really works in concert with the ground. When we begin to go to inter-planetary operations, those crew members are going to be working quite autonomously from the ground. It's just a matter of distance. And so how people function, independent of this planet, will be very different than how we operate on the ISS today.    Dr. Pawelczyk. So Mr. Knight, I apologize. I forgot my crystal ball this morning. But I'll do the best I can.    Dr. Pawelczyk. So we have mentioned, you know, a couple of those risks that we're seeing in the radiation realm. What's been really interesting to look at, if I talked to you ten years ago I would have told you that I expected to see about 50 percent bone loss from a human being. We thought that that's essentially what gravity confers.    We've seen with some of the implementation strategies for countermeasures on the ISS, that we're looking probably a lot better than that. I'm not willing to say that we have bone completely mitigated at this point. But some of the loading strategies are considerably better.    We've also seen some newly-emergent risks, and that's always the problem. One particular with vision of astronauts. And that is actively being worked on by NASA. So there's been a number of ground-based research protocols. So this is a great example of how NASA quickly identified a problem, immediately engaged the scientific community to try to effect solutions.