    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me express my appreciation to the Chairman and the Ranking Member for your courtesies. This is a committee that I have a great affection for because I indicated before that the TSOs are the first line of defense, if you will, for the neighborhood, for the Nation's aviation security. So let me thank all of you for your presence here.    I have some direct questions and then I want to raise a series of questions with Mr. Cox. Thank you very much for representing very fine professional staff, which I want to be more professional, less part-time, more recruitment, increased salaries, and the numbers that you would like to have.    So I would ask the representative from Chicago, Illinois, the admiral was here just yesterday, and I understand that the wait has gone to 15 minutes. I would like to see what--you are obviously here today, Thursday--I would like to hear your assessment. Have the lines improved, the time and the waits improved?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So there has been a fix, if you will, and obviously we have to see that it is a consistent fix.    Ms. Jackson Lee. That is even better, to hear that it is a permanent fix. He has added more, as I understand, there is a task force and he has added more employees. Is that correct?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So you were saying we need a permanent fix?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, that will come. The temporary is that you added more personnel. Is that correct?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Are you aware that we expect about 700 to be in by July, and so you would probably get some additional TSOs?    Ms. Jackson Lee. That would probably help their circumstances.    Is there a problem with the baggage check down--there is a screening and then there is a baggage check. Is there a problem on the baggage check area as well?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. But the problem has been at least relieved for a moment and we expect to continue to work with you for that.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Additional resources.    Would you say that your TSOs are professional, your management level?    Ms. Jackson Lee. They were attempting to correct the problem?    Ms. Jackson Lee. All right. Thank you.    I see that there are other airports. There is an airline representative here, I think, from American Airlines. Have you been able to work by way of getting your concerns to TSA, should we facilitate a better communication protocol when there are concerns?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Which means that you would be willing to pay for overtime for TSOs?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I agree with you. More flexibility for the FSDs, would that be helpful?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Would you join with us, because I heard the point being made that we need nor data regarding the baggage fees? So I think there should be an assessment and a study coming from both ends, the airlines and TSA, on the baggage fees as to whether or not they do increase the number of bags coming through by hand-carry. Would you work with us on that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Uh-huh.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Can I interject for a moment? We note that we have had a sizable increase in passenger travel between 2008--already between 2011 and 2016. My only question is, we all have our different perspectives. I am not offering any perspective. I am just offering, would you participate and collaborate on getting the data that we need to understand the question better?    Ms. Jackson Lee. What we want to do is fix the problem.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Right. We want to fix the problem. I know that you have hubs like Miami. So we want to fix the problem.    Let me quickly move to Mr. Cox, if I might.    Mr. Cox, I have traveled to many of your airports. I take the opportunity to speak to TSOs everywhere I go, including supervisors and managers. I will say that I ran into one individual, his name is Vincent, who is a World War II veteran, came, and was in a wheelchair, was dropped off by his family, he was traveling by himself. He said, ``I don't want anybody else. I want a TSO, TSO, TSO.'' That means to come out to the curb.    So a TSO went out to the curb and took him with the wheelchair all the way through security, et cetera, et cetera, getting to the gate, getting down to the door of the plane. He noted that this proud World War II veteran who had been dropped off by his family members, I am sure they meant well, he could not walk. Your TSO agent lifted him up and took him and took him and put him on the plane.    I think these are the stories that need to be told. If the Chairman would yield me just a moment here.    Ms. Jackson Lee. May just get this last question in?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes, thank you.    I support a professional staff, not privatization. Would you respond to that quickly, please?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you so very much. More funding is important.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member. Thank you.