    Mr. Loudermilk. Good morning, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, and congratulations to you, the Ranking Members of both Subcommittees, and especially thank the members of the Oversight Subcommittee for being here today.    And Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing today. This is our first joint Environmental and Oversight Committee hearing of the 114th Congress, and I look forward to working with you on the oversight of environmental issues important to all of us.    We are here today to hear from GAO, NOAA, and NASA regarding the progress of NOAA's polar orbiting and geostationary satellite programs, respectively JPSS and GOES-R, as well as how the data collected by weather satellites turns into weather forecasts depended on by so many in the United States, and quite frankly, around the entire world.    GAO recently published a report detailing its concern that the NOAA polar satellite program, JPSS, is facing an unprecedented gap in satellite data. GAO believes that, while JPSS remains within its new lifecycle cost estimate and schedule baselines, recent rises in component costs and technical issues during development increase the likelihood of a near-term data gap. Additionally, although NOAA has recently reduced its estimated potential gap from fifteen to only three months, GAO notes that this assessment was based on incomplete data, such as the risks posed by space debris to satellite hardware. GAO estimates in its report that a data gap may occur earlier and last longer than NOAA anticipates.    Perhaps even more troubling is the potential data gap facing NOAA's GOES-R program, the geostationary satellite system. Since its inception, the GOES-R program has undergone significant increases in cost and reductions in scope, and as GAO's report indicates, NOAA has yet to reverse or even halt this trend. The program was originally planned to launch mid-2012, a date that has now been pushed back to March of 2016. NOAA will retire one of its two operational satellites this year and move its backup satellite into orbit. This means we will face a period of up to 17 months without a backup satellite in orbit.    History has shown us that backups are sometimes necessary to reduce risk to public safety and the economy. In 2008 and 2012, the agency was forced to use backup satellites to cover problems with operational satellites, a solution we may once again find ourselves needing.    When talking about the consequences of a gap in weather data, the first thought in the minds of many is of the devastating effects of extreme weather on the ground. My professional and personal history, however, demands that I discuss another type of weather with which I have quite a bit of experience, and that is aviation weather.    As a private pilot, I know the importance of having accurate and timely weather forecasts to assess flying conditions. Pilots must evaluate conditions on the ground and in the sky throughout the entire flight process, from preflight planning to takeoff and landing. If a pilot does not know which aviation-specific weather conditions to expect, such as embedded thunderstorms, turbulence, and freeze levels, that pilot runs the risk of what we call getting behind the plane. That is a general aviation phrase which means that the plane is responding to the weather and the pilot is responding to the plane, and that is a situation that spells trouble for even the most seasoned pilots.    From this perspective, you can see how a gap in weather data, and consequently less accurate forecasts, could negatively affect not only commercial flight safety, but also the $1.5 trillion in total economic activity that the aviation industry contributes to the national economy.    I hope that today's hearing will shed some light on the complex issue and cost demands facing NOAA's weather satellite programs and that the Subcommittees will walk away better equipped to consider these issues moving forward.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all the witnesses who have come today. This is enlightening, and I know we have got to find ways to go forward that are much better.    Most of what we have talked about today is the possibility of gaps in extreme weather forecasting and the effects it has had on public safety which is our greatest concern, but there is another side of this as well, and that is the effect it could have on the U.S. economy.    In 1997, I personally experienced that when the Hughes satellite, I believe a communications satellite, spun out of control. Being in the IT services business, we ended up spending almost a month helping industries and businesses reposition their satellite dishes to a backup satellite. I saw that that gap in service cost these industries millions of dollars in down time, in lost productivity. Retailers were not able to connect back to their systems.    This is for anyone on the panel, have we done any estimates on what a gap in this data would do to U.S. economy?    Mr. Loudermilk. Besides the extreme weather, you know, basically what we were talking about here was Sandy and other issues, there is weather that we don't consider extreme that can have serious consequences on different industries, such as the construction industry. In modern construction, there is a lot of forecasting done because we have just-in-time delivery of materials. You have of course aviation, maritime transportation as well as state and local governments who are preparing like in Atlanta we experienced snowstorms a couple of years ago. What type of impact would we see in the gap on non-extreme weather forecasting?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you. I have one minute left.    From what we are hearing that Europe and other nations are leading us in their models of weather forecasting, and as I think back, the United States of America has always been the leader in space exploration, in satellites, in technology. Is it possible in the next several years that our U.S. forecasting system could be restored to compete with the European model?    Mr. Loudermilk. Where would you rank us as compared to other countries?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We have talked a lot about lessons learned and going forward, and our focus has been on getting this launch on schedule. But my question, Dr. Volz, is, have we started planning, has NOAA started planning on the next generation of weather satellites?    Mr. Loudermilk. What changes, if any, have you made to avoid the issues that we have faced with the cost overruns, gaps, future delays? What kind of changes have you made?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you. I want to shift back to our current subject that we are on, and it is the launch of this satellite. We have mentioned mitigation alternatives. Has NOAA done a cost-benefit analysis to determine which ones are likely to be most effective and worthy of investment?    Mr. Loudermilk. Mr. Powner, do you have any thoughts on this?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you. One last question. Does NOAA have any statutory limitations which would allow you to procure weather data from private space-based observing systems?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. I would appreciate it. I yield back.