    Secretary Carter. Thank you very much, Chairman Thornberry.    Congresswoman Davis, thank you.    Thanks, all the members of the committee. Thank you for hosting me here today.    I want to begin by condemning this morning's bombings in Belgium. Our thoughts and our prayers are with those affected by this tragedy, the victims, their families, and survivors. And in the face of these acts of terrorism, the United States stands in strong solidarity with our ally Belgium. We are continuing to monitor the situation, including to ensure that all U.S. personnel and citizens are accounted for. We also stand ready to provide assistance to our friends and allies in Europe, as necessary.    Brussels is an international city that has been host to NATO and to the European Union for decades. Together, we must and we will continue to do everything we can to protect our homelands and defeat terrorists wherever they threaten us. No attack--no attack--will affect our resolve to accelerate the defeat of ISIL. I will have more to say about this later in the testimony.    Thank you again for hosting me today and for steadfastly supporting DOD's men and women all over the world, military and civilian, who serve and defend us. I am pleased to be here with Chairman Dunford, Under Secretary McCord, to discuss President Obama's 2017 defense budget, which marks a major inflection point for the Department of Defense.    As I will describe in detail, the threat from terrorism is one of the five challenges, as has been noted, that the United States now faces and will in the future. In this budget, we are taking the long view. We have to, because even as we fight today's fights, we must also be prepared for what might come 10, 20, or 30 years down the road.    Last fall's Bipartisan Budget Act gave us some much-needed stability after years of gridlock and turbulence. And I want to thank you and your colleagues for coming together to help pass it. That budget deal set the size of our budget, and with this degree of certainty, we focused on its shape, changing that shape in fundamental but carefully considered ways to adjust to a new strategic era and to seize opportunities for the future.    Let me describe the strategic assessment that drove our budget decisions. First of all, it is evident that America is still today the world's foremost leader, partner, and underwriter of stability and security in every region of the world, as we have been since World War II. That is thanks in large part to the unequivocal strength of the U.S. military.    And as we continue to fulfill this enduring role, it is also evident that we are entering a new strategic era. Today's security environment is dramatically different from the last 25 years, requiring new ways of investing and operating. Five evolving strategic challenges--namely, Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, and terrorism--are now driving DOD's planning and budgeting, as reflected in this budget.    I want to focus first on our ongoing fight against terrorism and especially ISIL, which as the attacks in Belgium today again remind us, we must and will deal a lasting defeat, most immediately in its parent tumor in Iraq and Syria but also where it is metastasizing, and all the while we are continuing to help protect our own homeland.    Let me give you a quick snapshot of what we are doing to pressure and destroy ISIL's parent tumor in Iraq and Syria. In Iraq, with our support, the Iraqi Security Forces retook Ramadi and are now reclaiming further ground in Anbar Province and are simultaneously shifting the weight of their effort towards Mosul in the north.    With our advice and assistance, Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have begun the shaping and isolation phase of the operation to collapse ISIL's control over Mosul. That was the mission Marine Staff Sergeant Louis Cardin was supporting when he gave his life over the weekend providing critical protection to Iraqi forces and coalition military advisers in northern Iraq. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and with the other Marines injured in Saturday's rocket attack. Their sacrifice will not be forgotten, and our global coalition will complete the mission they were supporting.    In Syria, capable and motivated local forces supported by the United States in our global coalition have retaken the east Syrian town of Shaddadi. This town served as an important logistical and financial hub for ISIL and a key intersection between its Syria and Iraq operations. In fact, Shaddadi was so important to ISIL that its so-called minister of war was involved in ISIL's defense of the town. We killed him while our local partners expelled ISIL from the town. In doing so, the coalition campaign severed the last major northern artery between Raqqa and Mosul and, therefore, between ISIL and Syria and ISIL and Iraq. And we are intent on further isolating and pressuring ISIL, including by cutting off its remaining lines of communication in southern Syria and into Turkey.    In addition to local forces we are working with, 90 percent of our military and coalition partners from Europe, the Gulf, Asia, 26 countries in all, including, by the way, our ally Belgium, have committed to increase their contributions to help accelerate the defeat of ISIL.    We have increased strikes on ISIL-held cash depots, oil revenues, and sites associated with its ambitions to develop and use chemical weapons. And we are addressing ISIL's metastases as well, having conducted targeted strikes against ISIL in Libya and Afghanistan. As we are accelerating our overall counter-ISIL campaign, we are backing it up with increased funding for 2017, as the chairman already noted, requesting 50 percent more than last year.    Now, before I continue, I want to say a few words about Russia's role in this. Russia said it was coming into Syria to fight ISIL, but that is not what it did. Instead, their military has only prolonged the civil war, propped up Assad, and as of now, we haven't seen whether Russia has retained leverage over Assad to facilitate a diplomatic way forward, which is what the Syrian people need.    One thing is clear, though: Russia's entry into Syria didn't impact our campaign against ISIL. Along with our coalition partners, we are intensifying our campaign against ISIL in both Iraq and Syria and will continue to do so until ISIL is dealt a lasting defeat.    Two of the other four challenges reflect a return in some ways to great superpower competition. One is in Europe, where we are taking a strong and balanced approach to deter Russian aggression. We haven't had to devote a significant portion of our defense investment to this possibility for nearly a quarter century, but now we do.    The other challenge is in the Asia-Pacific, where China is rising, which is fine, but behaving aggressively, which is not. There, we are continuing our rebalance to the region to maintain the stability we have underwritten for the past 70 years, enabling so many nations to rise and prosper in this, the single most consequential region for America's future.    Meanwhile, two other longstanding challenges pose threats in specific regions: North Korea is one. That is why our forces on the Korean Peninsula remain ready, as they say, to fight tonight; the other is Iran, because while the nuclear accord is a good deal for preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, we must still deter Iranian aggression and counter Iran's malign influence against our regional friends and allies, especially Israel, to which we maintain an unwavering and unbreakable commitment.    Now, addressing all of these five challenges requires new investments on our part, new posture in some regions, and also new and enhanced capabilities. For example, we know we must deal with these challenges across all domains and not just the usual air, land, and sea, but also especially in cyber, electronic warfare, and space, where our reliance on technology has given us great strengths and great opportunities but also led to vulnerabilities that our adversaries are eager to exploit.    Key to our approach is being able to deter our most advanced competitors. We must have and we seem to have the ability to ensure that anyone who starts a conflict with us will regret doing so. In our budget, our capabilities, our readiness, and our actions, we must and will be prepared for a high-end enemy, what we call full spectrum.    In this context, Russia and China are our most stressing competitors, as they have both developed and continue to advance military systems that seek to threaten our advantages in specific areas. We see them in the South China Sea and in Crimea and in Syria as well. In some cases, they are developing weapons and ways of war that seek to achieve their objectives rapidly before they think we can respond. Because of this, DOD has elevated their importance in our planning and budgeting.    In my written testimony, I have detailed how our budget makes critical investments to help us better address these five evolving challenges. We are strengthening our deterrence posture in Europe by investing $3.4 billion for our European Reassurance Initiative , quadruple what we requested last year.    We are prioritizing training and readiness for our ground forces, a very important matter emphasized very appropriately by the chairman, and reinvigorating the readiness and modernization of our fighter aircraft fleet. We are investing in innovative capabilities, like the B-21 Long Range Strike Bomber, micro-drone, and the arsenal plane, as well as advanced munitions of all sorts.    In our Navy, we are emphasizing not just increasing the number of ships, which we are doing, but especially their lethality, with new weapons and high-end ships, and extending our commanding lead in undersea warfare, with new investments in unmanned undersea vehicles, for example, and more submarines with the versatile Virginia Payload Module that triples their strike capacity from 12 Tomahawks to 40.    And we are doing more in cyber, electronic warfare, and space, investing in these three domains a combined total of $34 billion in 2017. Among other things, this will help us build our cyber mission force, develop next-generation electronic jammers, and prepare for the possibility of a conflict that extends into space. In short, DOD will keep ensuring our dominance in all domains.    As we do this, our budget also seizes opportunities for the future. That is a responsibility I have to all my successors, to ensure the military and the Defense Department they inherit is just as strong, if not stronger, than the one I have the privilege of leading today.    That is why we are making increased investments in science and technology, innovating operationally, and building new bridges to the amazing American innovative system, as we always have, to stay ahead of future threats. That is why we are building what I have called the force of the future, because as good as our technology is, it is nothing compared to our people.    And in the future, we must continue to recruit and retain the very best talent. Competing for good people, for an All-Volunteer Force, is a critical part of our military edge, and everyone should understand this need and my commitment to meeting it.    And because we owe it to America's taxpayers to spend our defense dollars as wisely and responsibly as possible, we are also pushing for needed reforms across the DOD enterprise, and we need your help with all of them. From further reducing overhead and excess infrastructure, to modernizing and simplifying TRICARE, to proposing new changes to the Goldwater-Nichols Act that defines much of our institutional organization, as I intend to do shortly, to continuously improving acquisitions.    And on that subject, I want to commend this committee, and especially its leaders, for your continued dedication and strong partnership with DOD on acquisition reform. We have already taken important strides here, such as last year's reforms to reduce redundant reporting requirements and documentation. And as you are looking to do more, so are we.    Chairman Thornberry, I know you laid out new proposals on this last week. Some of what you are proposing would save us critical time in staying ahead of emerging threats. That is very important, and we appreciate that. It is extremely helpful.    And I know this is just a draft, and I appreciate that you put it out there for discussion. In that regard, I have to say that, in the current draft, there are some things that are problematic for us, so I am also hopeful that we can continue to work with you on your proposals to ensure that DOD has the flexibility needed to apply the principles in your work to addressing all the diverse acquisition challenges we have to solve for our warfighters.    I appreciate your willingness to hear our ideas as well, including ways to make it easier for program managers to do their jobs, and involving the service chiefs more in acquisition decisionmaking and accountability. And I look forward to working together as we have before.    Let me close on the broader shift reflected in this budget. The Defense Department doesn't have the luxury of just one opponent or the choice between fights, between future fights and current fights. We have to do it all. That is what this budget is designed to do, and we need your help to succeed.    I thank this committee again for supporting the Bipartisan Budget Act that set the size of our budget. Our submission focuses on the budget shape, making changes that are necessary and consequential. We hope you approve it.    I know some may be looking at the difference between what we indicated last year we would be asking for and what the budget deal gave us: a net total of about $11 billion less is provided by the Bipartisan Budget Act out of a total of almost $600 billion. But I want to reiterate that we have mitigated that difference and that this budget meets our needs.    The budget deal was a good deal. It gave us stability. We are grateful for that. Our greatest risk, DOD's greatest risk is losing that stability this year and having uncertainty and sequester return in future years. That is why, going forward, the biggest budget priority for us strategically is Congress averting the return of sequestration to prevent what would be $100 billion in looming automatic cuts so that we can maintain stability and sustain all these critical investments I have been speaking of.    We have seen this before, and that same support coming together is essential today to address the security challenges we face and to seize the opportunities within our grasp. As long as we work together to do so, I know our national security will be on the right path and America's military will continue to defend our country and help make a better world for generations to come.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    General Dunford.    General Dunford. Chairman Thornberry, Congresswoman Davis, distinguished members of the committee, good morning and thanks for the opportunity to join Secretary Carter and Secretary McCord in appearing before you.    I would like to begin by echoing Secretary Carter's comments on the loss of Staff Sergeant Cardin; his family, the eight other Marines who were injured this weekend, and the victims of this morning's attack in Brussels are in our thoughts and prayers.    I am honored to represent the extraordinary men and women of the joint force. Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and civil servants remain our single most important competitive advantage. And thanks to your support, the United States military is the most capable fighting force in the world.    I don't believe we should ever send Americans into a fair fight. Rather, we must maintain a joint force that has the capability and credibility to assure our allies and partners, deter aggression, and overmatch any potential adversary. This requires us to continually improve our joint warfighting capabilities, restore full-spectrum readiness, and develop the leaders who will serve as the foundation for the future.    The United States is now confronted with challenges from both traditional state actors and non-state actors. The Department has identified five strategic challenges, and Secretary Carter has outlined those. Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea continue to invest in military capabilities that reduce our competitive advantage.    They are also advancing their interests through competition with a military dimension that falls short of traditional armed conflict and the threshold for traditional military response. Examples include Russian actions in Ukraine, Chinese activities in the South China Sea, and Iran's malign influence across the Middle East.    At the same time, non-state actors, such as ISIL and Al Qaeda, pose a threat to the homeland, the American people, our partners, and our allies. Given the opportunity, such extremist groups would fundamentally change our way of life. As we contend with the Department's five strategic challenges, we recognize that successful execution of our defense strategy requires that we maintain credible nuclear and conventional capabilities.    Our strategic nuclear deterrent remains effective, but it is aging and requires modernization. Therefore, we are prioritizing investments needed for a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent. We are also making investments to maintain a competitive advantage in conventional capabilities, and we must further develop capabilities in vital and increasingly contested domains of space and cyber space.    As the joint force acts to mitigate and respond to challenges, we do so in the context of a fiscal environment that has hampered our ability to plan and allocate resources most effectively. Despite partial relief by Congress from sequester-level funding, the Department has absorbed $800 billion in cuts and faces an additional $100 billion of sequestration-induced risk through fiscal year 2021.    Absorbing significant cuts over the past 5 years has resulted in our underinvesting in critical capabilities. And unless we reverse sequestration, we will be unable to execute the current defense strategy and specifically to address the challenges that Secretary Carter outlined in his remarks.    The fiscal year 2017 budget begins to address the most critical investments required to maintain our competitive advantage. To the extent possible, within the resources provided by the 2015 Bipartisan Budget Act, it addresses the Department's five challenges. It does so by balancing three major areas: investment in high-end capabilities; the capability and capacity to meet our current operational demands; and the need to rebuild readiness after an extended period of war. In the years ahead, we will need adequate funding levels and predictability to fully recover from over a decade at war and delayed modernization.    A bow wave of procurement requirements in the future include the Ohio-class replacement, continued cyber and space investments, and the Long Range Strike Bomber. It will also be several years before we fully restore full-spectrum readiness across the services and replenish our stocks of critical precision munitions. And I know the committee has heard from the service chiefs on the specifics of that readiness recovery.    In summary, I am satisfied that the fiscal year 2017 budget puts us on the right trajectory, but it will take your continued support to ensure the joint force has the depth, flexibility, readiness, and responsiveness that ensures our men and women never face a fair fight.    Once again, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you this morning, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    Mr. McCord, I understand you do not have an oral statement. Is that correct?    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And you are right: the Brussels attacks reinforce our need to accelerate the defeat of ISIL. We have a strategy for doing so. I will describe it in a moment. The strategy document, the strategy report you are asking for, its delivery is imminent. It is a DOD-plus-others document, and we will get that to you.    But the strategy in brief is this, and then I will connect it to the Brussels attacks. I was describing the campaign in Iraq and Syria, which we are accelerating, and, Mr. Chairman and members, we are looking for more opportunities to do so. We found opportunities. I expect us to find more opportunities in the future.    We want to accelerate the defeat of ISIL in Iraq and Syria. Why? Because that is what I call the parent tumor of the cancer. That is where it started. And if we can expel ISIL from Raqqa and Mosul, that will show that there is no such thing as an Islamic State based upon this ideology. So that is necessary, but it is not sufficient.    We also need to destroy ISIL in the places to which it has metastasized around the world. And to get to the Brussels attack, that reminds us--and the report will also, by the way--that important as the military effort is, essential as it is and committed as we are to that in the Department of Defense, the Chairman and I and everybody else, it is necessary, but it is not sufficient.    We need the intelligence. We need the homeland security. We need the law enforcement. And so do our partners because of the kind of thing you saw in Brussels this morning. So we have the strategy. We will produce the strategy--the report based on that. We need your help.    And in that connection, finally, if I just may add a note, Mr. Chairman, an appeal, we have before this committee and three other committees some reprogramming requests that are relevant to our ability to carry out the campaign in both Iraq and Syria.    And, as you know, according to the rules, if we are going to do a reprogramming, we have to ask the permission of this committee and three other committees. We have done so. So far, we have gotten different answers from everybody, which is fair enough, but if you can help us, we need to get across the finish line quickly. We have got to be agile in the defeat of ISIL, and that means we need to be agile in this matter of reprogramming as well. I appreciate your help in that regard.    Let me ask the Chairman if he wants to add anything about the overall strategy.    The Chairman. Mr. Secretary, on the reprogramming, I think all of us would feel better about a reprogramming if we knew what direction we were going, which is why in last year's bill, the request was: Okay, tell us how you are going to do this. And then, as you want to move money around and a variety of other things, I am sure there will be lots of support. But until there is some sort of coherent direction on how we are going to beat these guys, then I think it is harder to have that conversation.    Let me just ask you one other thing because I know other members will want to continue to explore that topic. You were exactly right, as was Chairman Dunford, in expressing sympathy for the loss of the marine over the weekend.    I am getting an increasing number of questions about the troop cap levels, which exist in both Iraq and Afghanistan, because, as I understand it, there are some people who are subject to the troop caps, and then there are some people who rotate in for a short amount of time that are not subject to the troop caps.    And the argument is that if you are rotating people in every 30 days, or whatever it is, to keep below the troop caps, then the people who are rotating in are not going to have time to get acclimated to the environment and may be at increased risk. The other argument I have heard is that when you have these artificial troop caps, you don't bring in the force protection that you would in other situations where you are not subject to those troop caps.    So, I guess, my question to you is, do you believe there is reason to be concerned that these artificial troop caps in Iraq and in Afghanistan lead to increased risk for our service members?    Secretary Carter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, with respect to the troop cap numbers, there has been no change in that regard, and you are right: people who are temporarily assigned--and this has been true for here and in Afghanistan for some time--they, under the caps, are counted differently, as you well know. And I can't go into it in detail here, where each and every unit is, but we do provide that to the committee and so you can have that, not in this setting.    But to get to the substance of what you said about everybody--I will get the Chairman to comment on this too--everybody that is in Iraq is properly trained for the mission, that included the Marines there. And to force protection, that was, in fact, their mission.    What they were doing was helping to protect the staging area near Makhmur, where we are and our coalition partners are helping the Iraqi Security Forces, some of the brigades that will constitute the envelopment force of Mosul. So that is part of the preparation for operations against Mosul, and precisely what they were doing was protecting that position.    That was a necessary task. We are very sorry about the loss of this member in accomplishing that necessary task, but it was necessary because we needed to position them there. And these Iraqi Security Forces, who in the end will be the force that both takes and holds Mosul, they need to be trained, and they need to be positioned near Makhmur. That is what was going on there.    Let me ask the Chairman if he wants to add anything.    General Dunford. Mr. Chairman, to your specific question about have we compromised force protection or other critical capabilities as a result of the force cap, I can tell you we haven't done that. And I have routinely engaged Lieutenant General McFarland and commanders on the ground and asked them, is there something else you need? In fact, I will see General McFarland again this afternoon, have the same conversation with him.    To date, we haven't had any requests that we have gone to the President with--and this is now over the last several months--for capabilities that has been denied. We are in the process right now of bringing forward recommendations for increased capability as a result of operations in Mosul, Raqqa, and elsewhere, so we can maintain a momentum and accelerate the campaign.    But at this time, Chairman, I don't have concerns that we have not put forces on the ground that have impacted either our force protection, CASEVAC capability, or any of those things. We build a force from the bottom up with those in mind.    The Chairman. Well, I appreciate that, General.    To me, it makes no sense to put artificial troop caps in any place. The question is, what does it take to do the mission? And I know, just as I trust you to continue to follow this question, it is something that the committee wants to continue to follow as well.    Last question. General, you heard some of my comments earlier about the readiness issues. Let me just offer a handful of other quotes on the record. General Neller said our aviation units are currently unable to meet our training and mission requirements primarily due to ready basic aircraft shortfalls.    General Milley and General Allen have testified, less than one-third of Army forces are at acceptable levels of readiness. The readiness of the United States Army is not at a level that is appropriate for what the American people would expect to defend them.    Last week, Secretary James: Less than half our combat forces are ready for a high-end fight. And she later said: The Air Force is the smallest, oldest, and least-ready force across the full spectrum of operations in our history.    Do you agree that we have a significant readiness problem across the services, especially for the wide variety of contingencies that we have got to face?    General Dunford. Mr. Chairman, I do. And I think those are accurate reflections of the force as a whole.    From my perspective, there are really three issues: there are the resources necessary to address the readiness issue; there is time; and then there is the operational tempo. And the readiness challenges that we are experiencing right now are really a result of several years of unstable fiscal environment as well as extraordinarily high operational tempo. And it is going to take us some years to get out of the trough that we are in right now.    What I am satisfied with in this year's budget, fiscal year 2017, is that we have met the requirements from a fiscal perspective that the services have identified for readiness. In other words, we can't buy our way out of the problem in fiscal year 2017 with more money because of the aspect of time and operational tempo.    I think the service chiefs probably also identified to you, Mr. Chairman, and the committee, that in the case of the Army, the Navy, and the Marine Corps, it will be sometime around fiscal year 2020 before they address their current readiness challenges. And the Air Force is projecting horizon as late as fiscal year 2028 before they come out of the challenge.    And part of that is, again, operational tempo and resources and time. And some of it is what you saw in your recent visit down in the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing where depot-level maintenance has been backlogged. What you saw in the Marine Corps, I think, reflects in some part what you will see in all the services, perhaps not to the same degree as Marine aviation, but that same dynamic exists in each one of the services and reflects in the comments that you heard before the committee.    The Chairman. I will just say, I think it is important for us and for you all to continue to not only watch this issue but really understand down deeper what is happening. Statistics are one thing, but you talk to these folks eyeball to eyeball and the sense of frustration and concern is very evident.    Thank you for your answers. I yield to Mrs. Davis.    Secretary Carter. Well, you are right: generally speaking, the base and the OCO budgets have different managerial purposes. The base budget is for things that are enduring, meeting enduring requirements, and OCO is for the variable costs associated with urgent ongoing operations. That is still largely true, but it is not completely true.    And to get to your question, one of the ways that we were able to mitigate the difference between what we last year planned in our 2017 budget and what the bipartisan budget agreement provided us, was to use some OCO, about $5 billion net. And that is one of the things that bought down that risk associated with that difference, but it is only one way that we did that.    We also benefitted, by the way, from fuel costs, different inflation indices than we expected. And what we did with the remaining--to get to your point of what do we do to accommodate the Bipartisan Budget Act, that $11 billion change, we took it out of some procurement accounts, some aircraft, and some smaller programs. We took it out of MILCON .    Let me tell you what we didn't do to accommodate that difference between the BBA and what we planned on last year. We didn't take it out of military compensation, any of our service members' compensation. We didn't take it out of readiness, out of the readiness recovery plans that the Chairman has referred to. We didn't take it out of any of our major acquisition programs, stop any of them, break any multiyear contracts. And we didn't change any of our end-strength numbers, targets, as a result of that.    So that is how we accommodated the $11 billion, and that is the reason why the Chairman and I say, that part we managed to mitigate and bring forward a budget that meets our needs. Our worry is in the future and with the $100 billion cuts that we face. And wherever they come from in the accounting, that is the biggest strategic risk to us.    Secretary Carter. Thank you so much. I appreciate you saying that. I am glad that the families are able to be at peace now, and I will pass that on to Secretary Work, my excellent Deputy Secretary. I am pleased to hear you say that about him, but I am not surprised.    Secretary Carter. I am not familiar with those comments.    And as far as the campaign is concerned, I am confident that we will defeat ISIL and that we have the momentum of the campaign in Iraq and Syria. I gave you some of the details about that. And we are prepared to give you much more. We are doing more. We are actually looking to do yet more than that. And I am confident that that will result in the defeat of ISIL in Iraq and Syria. And as I said, that is necessary. It is not sufficient, as the attacks in Belgium suggest.    And let me ask if the Chairman wants to add anything to that. But ISIL will be defeated. We have a strategy to do that. I am sorry the report hasn't gotten to you but will shortly, and I am confident that strategy will succeed.    General Dunford. Congressman, first, I am not complacent about the threat of ISIL. And I recognize the spread of ISIL particularly over the last 15, 18 months transregionally or globally.    With regard to Syria and Iraq, in October I appeared before the committee, and at that time, I think it was fair to say that ISIL had the momentum. Since that time, they not only have less territory, they have less resources. They have less freedom of movement. We have reduced the number of foreign fighters that are actually able to flow back and forth. And, frankly, I think their narrative is less effective than it was some months ago.    But this is a long fight. And I am confident in telling you that we have the momentum today. I am also confident in the end state that Secretary Carter identified. But this morning was another reminder that there is a long fight ahead, and it will require not only the military effort to deny sanctuary to the enemy in Syria and Iraq, to limit their freedom of movement, to build the capacity of regional partners, which is what we are doing, but it will require a much greater cooperation amongst intelligence organizations from nations.    There are over 100 nations that have foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq with over 30,000 foreign fighters. So the cooperation of all those countries and the intelligence organizations, law enforcement officials, as well as the military coalition that we put together in Iraq and Syria and conducting operations elsewhere, is all going to be critical. And it is going to take some time before we get there.    But I am confident, at least today, that we have the momentum in Iraq and Syria. And we are increasingly taking actions outside of Iraq and Syria to make sure that we also keep pressure, as we have tried to keep pressure on Iraq, on the enemy simultaneously across both of those countries. It is going to be necessary that we do the same thing transregionally.    Secretary Carter. Well, we can afford all of those. We wouldn't have started them if we didn't think we could complete them. However, we are assuming when we do so that we will continue to have budget stability. If there is instability or sequester, as I said, and I think the Chairman just said, we are going to have to fundamentally reassess our ability to meet our needs, not only in the long run but in the short run.    And you are right: it will be future Congresses and future administrations who carry that burden. I hope that they continue to give us budget stability as we have had now for 2 years. That is what the country needs. That is what our Department needs. That is what, by the way, what every department trying to administer programs needs.    But if we snap back to the sequester cuts, we are going to have to reconsider all of these programs. We need them and therefore we need the stability. Chairman.    Secretary Carter. I do agree with that. Our undersea capability is a critical strength of the United States. We need to keep that strength and extend that strength. And I think the biggest issue we are going to face beginning in the 2020s is the beginning of the Ohio-class replacement, and that is the building, once again, of SSBNs as well as attack submarines, SSNs, which we are doing today. And we have been stressing now for several years we are going to need some consideration of the need to recapitalize our undersea nuclear deterrent, because that can't be done at the expense of the rest of the undersea fleet or we will erode our dominance, so that is going to--that is a major issue that is looming in the 2020s.    Secretary Carter. Well, let me begin by saying the following, and I have said this before, and I am going to say this again and again in the course of the year: I recognize that this is an election year. I will not speak to anything that is in the Presidential debate. I believe that our Department has a tradition of standing apart, and I very much value and respect that tradition, and so I am going to, with great respect, decline to answer any question that is framed in those terms and, by the way, also not have General Dunford or any of our, especially of our uniformed officers----    Secretary Carter. It is. It is. It is. And securing our NATO partners from particularly Russian aggression is the principal purpose of the European Reassurance Initiative.    With respect to the counter-ISIL fight, the NATO allies as individual countries are members of the coalition. The question has arisen whether NATO as a group should also be a member of the coalition, and that is being discussed right now with NATO. The reason for that being that NATO has some force generation capabilities that no individual country has, and that is the reason why the question arises whether it can play a role in the counter-ISIL fight.    Secretary Carter. Thank you very much for that question. And sexual assault is unacceptable anywhere in society, but it is particularly unacceptable in our military, and the reason is this: the profession of arms is based upon trust, and it is based upon honor, and sexual assault erodes both honor and trust and, for that reason, is completely unacceptable at any level.    Moreover, to get to your point, as we study that question more and take more action--and I am not happy that there is sexual assault in the military, I am very pleased that we are taking it on frontally, and we need to do that, and we need to learn how to do better. The two issues you raised are places where we are learning how to do better. Retaliation, for example, was something that I don't think--I think it is fair to say in our department, we did not appreciate the importance of that phenomenon until the last couple of years, and so we are having to take that on board. Retaliation creates additional victims to the victim of the sexual assault, and this can be peers, and it can be others who are part of giving the victim their care, their right--the options and the response that they deserve, and so it is an important new ingredient, and we are trying to get on top of that.    And, finally, with respect to transparency, we are committed to that. You are right, we have made a commitment to you about greater transparency in this matter, and I intend for us to carry that through. Thank you for raising that.    Secretary Carter. Before you answer that, can I just thank you very much. I acknowledge your comments. And especially thank you for your contribution of your sons. Thank you, Congressman.    Secretary Carter. I absolutely agree with Admiral Richardson. The actions of the Iranians with respect to our sailors was unprofessional; it was outrageous. And I just caution you all, since Admiral Richardson is looking into the circumstances of this matter, but when you see something on television, you are looking through the lens of Iranian TV and Iranian propaganda. Those sailors didn't deserve that. That is--we would never treat people in that manner. And to get to your question, I can't say much about it, but at the time, we were preparing to protect our people as soon as they were seized, and we only stood down that effort when we were assured that they were going to be returned to us safely, but it was outrageous treatment. I think Admiral Richardson has stressed that, and I would second that, but also I want to commend him on the treatment of the sailors. They are back home. The Navy did what it needed to do, which is, first of all, take care of their health and welfare, and is now learning the full circumstances of that.    He has not completed his review of that, so I don't know what his consequences are from that, but this much we know, which is that is not behavior that we would have exhibited in the reverse circumstance.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you for that question. You are absolutely right. The critical thing in cyber is people, good people. We are spending more money on it, we are making big investments in it, but that is not the key. The key is, are we able to get the good people to flesh out our 133 cyber mission force teams, which, as you know, is what we are building up at CYBERCOM and all the other service components. The key is people. And we are doing better at attracting and retaining skilled technical people. I will be up at a physics class at West Point, as it happens, tomorrow, seeing some of our wonderful people who are being technically trained in their cyber center there. But, in addition, let me say that building bridges, which I am trying to do, we are all trying to do, between our department and the technology community is critical.    Historically, the United States has drawn upon the great strength of this Nation, whether it is satellites or missiles or the Internet itself, and we need to keep doing that, and I am committed to doing that, because that is part of the future.    And the last thing I will say is just a pitch for the role of the National Guard and Reserve Component in this regard. I was up in Washington State a couple of weeks ago. There is a Reserve unit up there that consists of people who work at topnotch companies like Microsoft all day on network defense, and then, in their Guard duty, they are defending our networks. It doesn't get any better than that, a citizen soldier coming in in cyber.    So there are lots of ways we are trying to make sure we have good people, but we are able to, but that is the key, is good people in cyber.    Secretary Carter. We are constantly evaluating our relationship with China and China's behavior, including in the South China Sea, where I emphasize we have very serious concerns about their aggressive militarization there.    They have an invitation to RIMPAC, and we will continue to review that, but you might say, what is the logic for having them there in the first place? Our strategy in the Asia-Pacific is not to exclude anyone, but to keep the security architecture going there in which everyone participates, and that is what has led over 50 years to the rise of Japan, then South Korea, then Taiwan, then Southeast Asia, and now, yes, China and India. We are not excluding China from that security architecture, in which America plays the pivotal role, and we intend to keep playing that pivotal role. That is what the rebalance is all about.    China is, however, self-isolating. Its behavior is isolating itself in the region. That is why all these partners are coming to us and saying: Can you do more with us? So not just big exercises with lots of parties, like RIMPAC, but we have the Japanese investing more, the Australians investing more, the Philippines just inviting us, once again, to work with them more closely, even Vietnam, India. So Chinese behavior is self-isolating and driving many countries to want to do more with us and are doing more with us, but that is not the way China is going to continue to benefit, as it has now for several decades, from the security system and the open system that we, the United States, have underwritten now for many decades.    Secretary Carter. Well, Congressman, we are concerned about that prospect. And is it consistent? No, it is not consistent. It is the kind of behavior that we will react to in our own military posture and deployments, and all the regional partners will react to. So it will be self-defeating and self-isolating for China, so I hope they don't do that, but we are prepared for that eventuality should it occur. But, no, it is not a good thing for them to do that, and they shouldn't.    And by the way, I would just say just to be fair about it, that our policy is that no one ought to be militarizing these features. There are these disputes over maritime claims in the South China Sea. Our view isn't to take sides on them. Our view is that everybody ought to resolve those peacefully and not militarize those features, China and anyone else who has done that, but China has done it far more than anybody else.    Secretary Carter. No. We are constantly reassessing that. I gave you the logic for the invitation in the first place and will continue to reassess it in accordance with your letter.    Secretary Carter. Well, the President's budget reflects the bipartisan budget agreement. The numbers in the budget are the numbers in the BBA.    Secretary Carter. We are going to have to agree to disagree about that, about whether we budgeted to BBA, because we believe we did. However, to answer what I gather is part of your question, namely what did we do about the difference between what we said last year we intended to request this year and what we requested this year. I addressed that earlier. That was a $22 billion difference that, because of OCO and some other economic adjustments that went our way, like fuel prices and so forth, ended up being a net of $11 billion. And I explained exactly what we did to adjust and mitigate risk associated with that $11 billion. We cut a lot of minor procurement programs. We scaled back some of our aircraft buys. We took it out of MILCON. That is how we accommodated the $11 billion. We can tell you in detail how that was done.    And I also explained what we didn't do. We didn't go into military pay to make up that difference. We didn't go into the readiness recovery plans that the Chairman has described and that are so critical to restore our readiness, including full-spectrum readiness for the Army and the other services. We didn't cancel any multiyear procurements or other major acquisition programs. And we didn't change any of our force structure targets, number of ships, Army end strength, or anything like that. We did what we did. We have described what it is. We believe that we were able to mitigate that risk, and that is what we did.    Our biggest risk going forward--I will just say it again; we have said it many times--the biggest risk to us strategically in our defense is a return to sequestration, a collapse of the bipartisan budget agreement, and that is our biggest concern.    The Chairman. Mr. O'Rourke.    Secretary Carter. Well, first of all, let me completely associate myself with what Acting Secretary Murphy and General Milley said. That is our highest priority for the Army in this budget, is readiness. They both made that clear, I concurred in that, and that is why the Army's readiness recovery plan is fully funded in the budget.    Now, what does that consist of? It gets back to the question earlier about full spectrum. In order to recover full spectrum--remember where we are coming from here is an Army that was working extremely hard in Iraq and Afghanistan to meet the rotational needs of a counterinsurgency battle, and they were being trained for that. Now they are trying to restore their training to full spectrum for the other problems that we highlighted among the five that we are highlighting in this budget. To do that, they need to pass through their training ranges, and those high-level training ranges have a certain capacity. We are building that capacity, but it is going to take some time for them to come out of it. And it is not going to just take time; it is going to take budget stability. That is why I keep coming back to the need for budget stability.    And then the last thing in your question, the other services have comparable readiness issues. They are all different, but they are comparable in the following sense: all are trying to make long-term plans to get better in readiness. In the Marine Corps, it is particularly aviation, as the Chairman has pointed out. In the Navy, it is principally a maintenance issue, and they are working very hard on that. In the Air Force, it is, very importantly, and I think the Air Force leadership has indicated this and the chairman mentioned this as well, the very high OPTEMPO . The Air Force is trying to train for high readiness. At the same time, we are working them very hard in the counter-ISIL fight and elsewhere. So it is a little bit different in each service, but there is a challenge in each case, and that challenge--and we have plans to improve readiness, but they can't be executed if we are returned to budget--to sequester levels.    Secretary Carter. Well, with respect to the first part, we have in this budget for 2017 done everything that the Army wanted to do. I completely support them to get on the path to restoring readiness. It can't be done overnight----    Secretary Carter . As I described. And so it is not a money issue. It is a money stability issue for the Army, and we have got to have that.    And with respect to, ``does that translate into risk,'' yes. Does it translate into risk for the other services? Yes, it does. And is that reflected in how the Chairman and I and the rest of the Joint Chiefs and the service secretaries deal with risk in each service contribution to joint war plans and across joint war plans? Absolutely, it does.    Secretary Carter. It is the bedrock of our defense. It is not in the news every day, thank goodness, but it is the bedrock of our defense. So having a safe, secure, and reliable nuclear deterrent is bedrock priority, and we give it the highest priority, and that is both in operating the force currently, and the subject was raised earlier about the need to keep a safe, secure, and reliable nuclear deterrent. The particular issue being raised was the submarine force. In the future, we will change out the Ohio for the Ohio-class replacement. That is a necessary evolution. It is a very expensive evolution, but we have to do it, because we have to retain a safe, secure, and reliable nuclear force as a bedrock.    Secretary Carter. As I said earlier, particularly you can see it right now that the submarine recapitalization in the decades of the 2020s cannot be taken out of the rest of the Navy's shipbuilding budget without seriously crippling that shipbuilding budget. So we are going to need to make room for that. We have been saying that now for several years. You can see it. It gets nearer every year, but sure as shooting, we have to do that, and the reason is that the Trident submarines are aging out. It has to do with the stress on the hulls of submerging and coming up so many times. And they are going to have to be replaced. And that is the survivable part of our triad. It is absolutely essential. We are going to need to recapitalize it.    Secretary Carter. Let me just second that.    Secretary Carter. That is the way it works.    The Chairman. Ms. Gabbard.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you. And thank you for the role that the Hawaiian facilities do play in allowing us to develop and test our missile defenses. And we are doing a number of things to react to and protect ourselves and our people from the North Korean missile threat.    Let me just back up a minute and say, you know, I talked about ``fight tonight'' on the Korean peninsula. We are absolutely committed to that. The Chairman and I pay attention to that every day. Again, that is not something that is in the newspapers every day, but our contribution to the defense of South Korea is very, very important and rock solid.    On the missile defense front, we are doing things at all ranges. You mentioned Aegis Ashore, THAAD. And just to answer your question about THAAD on the Korean Peninsula, we are discussing that with the Koreans; we have an agreement in principle to do that. And I should say the reason for that, the reason for that is to be able to protect the entirety of the peninsula against North Korean missiles of greater range. That is why we want to add THAAD to what already exists there, which is Patriot, both South Korean and U.S. Patriot.    Finally, to the homeland, it is with the possibility of North Korea having the capability to range the United States with ICBMs that we began several years ago to increase both the number of our ground-based interceptor system and also its capability. So we are increasing the number of those interceptors from 30 to 44. We are improving the kill vehicle on the front end, and we are adding radars to that. So we are doing a great deal. But, unfortunately, we have to, because we see, as you mentioned yesterday, the action of North Korea.    Let me see if the Chairman wants to add anything to that.    Secretary Carter. We are doing that. That is part of the support that we give to the Ukrainian forces, both against what you might call symmetrical or traditional kinds of combat operations, and also helping them with this unique brand, but I am afraid to say a here-to-stay brand of hybrid warfare that we have seen in Eastern Ukraine.    Let me ask the Chairman to elaborate.    General Dunford. Congressman, on that issue specifically, we have currently five conventional Ukrainian battalions going through training and one special operations unit going through training. Their training cycle will complete in September. I recently received an update probably assessed as some of the best, most effective training we have provided to the Ukrainians to date, and that is both the Ukrainian and U.S. perspective. Much of that training is informed by Russian behavior over the last few years and lessons learned in terms of integrating unconventional warfare, information operations, cyber capabilities, conventional capabilities. So I believe we are addressing that in our training program right now that is taking place with Ukrainian forces. And this is Ministry of Defense forces. Heretofore, we had trained just Ministry of Interior forces. This is the first cycle now of Ministry of Defense forces trained in these areas.    Secretary Carter. I do. We already have. I expect us to do more, because we are looking for opportunities to do more. So General Austin is right. And, of course, all this is in support of the Iraqi Security Forces, but it includes support to the Iraqi Army, support to Sunni tribal forces, support for police training. By the way, it is not just U.S., but I have been getting coalition contributions as well. And as we assemble the forces to move on Mosul, we will be doing more. And when we have taken those requests to the President, as the Chairman said earlier, he has consistently granted those requests. And I expect there to be more in the future, because we want to get Mosul; we want to defeat ISIL in Iraq.    Secretary Carter. Yes, Raqqa as well.    Secretary Carter. Absolutely.    Secretary Carter. Yes.    Secretary Carter. I am absolutely fully in support of it, and I thank you very much for your persistence and your leadership in inducing us to do this. And I also want to thank Mike McCord and his whole team for their role in it.    You asked about the future. My guess is that this will continue, because the logic is quite clear. The necessity is quite clear, so I think that will be clear to people who come after myself and the Chairman. I am pretty confident that it will. It certainly should, and of course, you will have a role in helping remind them of this. There is a whole team behind this in all of our components, and I think they will--they are committed to this work. They will remain committed to this work.    Chairman.    General Dunford. Congressman, I could speak from both my current perspective and as a former service chief. I mean, I would tell you I really do believe that it is now part of our culture. And as you know, we have been at this now 4 or 5 years and worked pretty hard at it. And, frankly, I think the uniformed personnel that are involved in the audit process and the civil servants involved in the audit process are fully committed to actually coming back over here and laying on the table a clean audit. I mean, that is a bar they have set for themselves. And, again, I don't think the civilian transition that will take place this year is going to change the objective of the individuals who have been working so hard. Again, most of the folks that are doing the heavy lifting, they aren't going anywhere, and they are pretty clear about in their commitment to get this thing done.    Secretary Carter. They are.    Secretary Carter. I can. And the Asia-Pacific is where half of humanity lives. It is where half of the economic activity of the globe is. It is the single region of greatest consequence for America's future. We can't forget that. And thank you for everything Guam does with us and for us and as part of us out there.    Guam is a critical part of the posture improvements and strengthenings we are doing in the Asia-Pacific. I mentioned the part that we are doing unilaterally. That is very important. Guam is a part of that. We do a lot with partners as well, and there is so much momentum out there. Now, part of that momentum is caused, as I mentioned earlier, by Chinese aggression. But we are determined to meet it, and Guam is an important part of that. So thank you.    Secretary Carter. Thank you. I will just say at the beginning, then turn it over to Under Secretary McCord, we are committed to reducing the strength particularly of headquarter staffs, both civilian and contractor, and for that matter, military. That is where those numbers come from.    And are we getting better at understanding how we are doing the spend for services contracting? Yes, we are getting better at that. The Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department along with Mr. McCord work on that, and we are committed to meeting those targets. They are part of our budget outlook. If we don't keep working on tail, we are not going to be able to invest in the tooth. So it is an essential thing to do.    And I ask if Under Secretary McCord wants to add anything.    Secretary Carter. For my part, you are absolutely right: training, maintenance are important parts of readiness. But in some forces, and you mentioned aviation, the real answer is the replacement of an aircraft that is now so old that it has cost too much to maintain, or we are simply not able to maintain them at the levels that--so the guys don't have aircraft to fly. We are seeing that with respect to the CH-53 in the Marine Corps. I am sure you are familiar with that. That is an example of it. Also, to take another Marine Corps example, the F-18s in the Marine Corps, the older versions of those. So modernization is a key part of restoring readiness.    Chairman.    General Dunford. I will be very quick. I think I am out of time, Congressman. But what I would say is this: I have talked about fiscal year 2017 as being sufficient. It is not everything we needed, and I subscribed to what the service chiefs have said when they came in. But my greatest challenge as I look in the budget in the future is the bow wave of modernization that is going to come in 2019, 2020, 2021. We talked about the nuclear enterprise, but, frankly, it is the whole inventory of joint capabilities.    And we have had 4 or 5 years of deferred modernization right now. We have done the best we can to start to rebalance that in fiscal year 2017. It took us years to get to where we are. It will take us years to get out of where we are.    But this modernization issue is tomorrow's readiness. I equate it to health and wellness. So today we are not as healthy as we would want to be, but we can get the job done. We are not investing in the health of the organization today, which will result in some wellness challenges down the road, which will read readiness.    Secretary Carter. Certainly. And thank you for the question.    I will start and then ask the Chairman to reinforce. You are right: our mission of protecting the homeland, which we need to do at the same time we fight overseas to defeat ISIL, is one we share with the Intelligence Community, with law enforcement at all levels, and also with Homeland Security. And we work very closely with them.    Through NORTHCOM , we have a command that actually has precisely that mission, which is to protect the homeland by working with other interagency partners. We do that. We have plans to reinforce them if they request it. In an incident, we support them all the time with equipment, technology, intelligence, and so forth. And it is a two-way street. We work with them. It is a very smooth working relationship, and the Chairman can elaborate more on that.    One thing I want to particularly ask him to elaborate on is your second point about transregional. One of the things that I am looking at in connection with the so-called Goldwater-Nichols issue is strengthening the role of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Chairman in precisely this way, the transregional coordination. We have combatant commanders. They are excellent, but they are focused on particular regions.    I look to the Chairman--and he does an excellent job of this--of balancing resources and making sure that the different COCOMs are cooperating, both in NORTHCOM and the other combatant commanders. Let me ask him to elaborate.    General Dunford. Congresswoman, to be specific, what we did back in November, we asked the Special Operations Command to take the lead, not from a special operations perspective but because they did have connective tissue in each one of our combatant commands, and they were capable of doing this.    To begin the development of a transregional terrorism plan and countering violent extremism writ large, we have been working at that now for a couple months. We most recently had a meeting in The Tank on Friday afternoon where I convened the Joint Chiefs and all of our combatant commands to look at this.    Critical to that is having a common operational picture and a common intel picture across all of our combatant commands, so that is the first part. The second thing is having an assessment process that integrates what all the combatant commanders see transregionally into a single vision that the Secretary of Defense can see.    And then, as the Secretary alluded to at the end of his comments, a process to make recommendations for the prioritization and allocation of resources across all the combatant commands so that, much like we are trying to provide pressure across ISIL in Iraq and Syria, we are trying to do that transregionally at the same time. So we are very focused on that.    You asked a specific question about, what are we doing to improve our interagency, and I would add to that interagency and international cooperation, which is very critical. Within the interagency, we meet routinely now and the Secretary and Secretary Kerry lead the effort. We meet routinely to do deep dives on issues like resourcing or foreign fighters or intelligence sharing.    And with regard to our partners, we have a very promising initiative in Jordan right now where we have, I think we are up to 15 nations that participate in an information and intelligence exchange to help us just on the problem of foreign fighters. And so those kind of collaborative processes are really necessary.    And to be honest with you, there is a lot of walls for us to break down in order for us to be effective. And that is what we are in the process of doing. And our transregional plan is designed not only to integrate our capabilities across the combatant commands but also with our coalition partners, and this plan will be borne with a coalition perspective in mind.    Secretary Carter. I will start. On the two issues, first, with the armored brigade combat teams, the Chairman can elaborate, and I don't want to go into our operational plans here. But we are developing our operational plans for the defense of NATO territory against both ordinary attack and what I called earlier hybrid warfare, and we are developing those plans and the requirements that come from them.    I am not familiar with the particular report that you cite, but that is now a necessity as a consequence of Russian behavior, as I said in my opening statement.    With respect to Army and Marine Corps end strength, the Chairman can speak to that also, and I am sure the chiefs have as well. But I will just, both in the Army and the Marine Corps, their emphasis to me in the preparation of this budget has been on readiness. And they have end-strength plans to come down from the levels that they were previously, and their priority is the readiness of the force not changing those end-strength goals. I concur with that.    Chairman.    General Dunford. Congressman, we have made a down payment. You talk about what do we need in Europe, and, of course, it is not just about Army forces; it is the aggregate of joint capability. In the ERI, I think you know that we have an armored BCT's worth of equipment at division headquarters, engineering equipment on other units that are part of our prepositioned stocks.    We also pay for a constant presence of another brigade combat team that will be over there for exercises and assurance for our partners as well as deterrence. What the overall number is that we may have a year or 2 or 3 years down the road I couldn't speculate. I don't think the RAND study is wildly off base, but, again, to me, it is a function of not just looking at Army presence in isolation but looking at the aggregate of joint capability that will do what we need it to do, which is assure our partners as well as deter.    With regard to the end-strength issue, Congressman, my greatest concern is, in fact, that we have balance in the force, and we have not only the right force structure, but we have the right capability. And you hit it exactly right: if we are going to grow the force, we need to make sure that the infrastructure supports that; we need to make sure that the manpower supports that; we need to make sure the equipment modernization supports that; and then the operations, the maintenance dollars that will allow us to train that force as well.    So all of those levers have to be adjusted at the same time. Otherwise, the force gets out of balance. And that is why our focus this year was on capability over capacity. The reason is we felt like we were getting out of balance where we didn't actually have the right amount of training, the right amount of equipment in place to make sure the units that we had were at the highest level of readiness possible.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you for that.    And you are right: the nuclear deal with Iran was about their nuclear weapons program and, if implemented--and we will know whether it is implemented or not--will keep them from having a nuclear weapon. That doesn't stop them from having other capabilities and exhibiting other behavior that concerns us.    One of those is ballistic missiles. That is why we are strengthening our ballistic missile defenses in the region, in Europe, to defend our friends and allies there, our own forces there that are deployed there. That is why we have Aegis Afloat. That is why we have Aegis Ashore. That is why our other partners procured those same missile defenses from us, and that is why we help Israel with its defense against short-range rockets, both the Iron Dome system and the David's Sling system.    They are also, by the way, developing the Arrow system against longer range missiles. We help them with that too. So we are doing a great deal in the missile defense area in that region.    Chairman, if you have anything.    Secretary Carter. The nuclear agreement, and I said at the time that it was struck, hasn't changed our commitments in the Department of Defense at all. We remain postured and committed to defending our friends and allies, our own interests in the region, and countering Iran's malign influence in all of these areas.    It is good if it is implemented, which it is being so far, at eliminating the nuclear danger. But for everything else, we remain full speed ahead and on course for what we were doing last year, the year before. And those programs are just building. I will see if the Chairman wants to add anything, but we have a major commitment there.    Secretary Carter. We assess and reassess them all the time, including on a strike-by-strike basis. So your question is very apt, very appropriate, and we try to balance those things. We do it every day, and we do it in a very practical way.    Secretary Carter. Geez, we modify them all the time. Let me ask the Chairman to explain.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you.    We have various possibilities for detention if we take a prisoner. There is law-of-war detention. There is detention by transfer to another country. We did that, for example, in the case of the Umm Sayyaf raid and Abu Sayyaf raid, where the custody became the Government of Iraq. And then we have the possibility of criminal prosecution in Article III courts, which has also been exercised by the United States, a number of convictions.    With respect to Guantanamo, what you say is the reason why we are looking for--and I personally support this--a place to detain those people who are in Guantanamo Bay. Let me be clear about this. There are people in GTMO that it will not be safe to transfer to another location. I won't sign off on their transfer to another location for just the reason you described.    Secretary Carter. So that is why we need an alternative detention facility for law-of-war detainees. We need to be extremely careful about that, and that is why I would like to find an alternative location.    Secretary Carter. Well, first of all, thank you for your support for our technology efforts, third offset, and so forth. It is an important part of planning for the future. I said, this is a budget that tries to turn a corner and, while dealing with today's threats, also look ahead 10, 20, 30 years from now, and particularly to high-end potential opponents that we haven't had to worry about as much in recent years. So thank you for your support for that.    And I am sorry; the second part of your question?    Secretary Carter. I will start and then maybe the Chairman can pitch in.    It is important to have forward forces because they are the first edge of the response to a crisis, number one; number two, their being there is a way of working with friends and allies so we don't have to do everything ourselves. So it is an important part of our building partner capacity capability.    But what deters is the full weight of the American military that would arrive on the scene after those initial forces had engaged. And I think that is what we--when we talk about deterring opponents, what deters them is not just what is right there in front of them; what deters them is the full weight of the American military that will arise.    And so our surge forces are a critical part of the deterrent. And no one should measure our deterrent capability by what we have forward presence. That is an indication, but it is not the whole story.    Chairman.    General Dunford. Congressman, getting that balance right is dynamic. And to assure you, every year, we gather up all the combatant commanders' requirements for both the crisis response and assurance mission as well as what they need for major, major operations plan contingency.    And so we make adjustments annually to make sure that we get that balance right between those forces that have forward deployed, forward engaged on a day-to-day basis, providing us access, making sure that we are prepared to respond to crisis, and also making sure that the residual capabilities and capacities on the bench, if you will, are prepared for a major contingency.    So when you ask what is the right balance, it is a constant process of evaluation to make sure we do exactly what you are suggesting we should do, which is get that balance right.    Secretary Carter. Well, I think in this and in other matters, the strategic logic behind our investments this year, behind this 2017 budget, is intended to point the direction toward the future. So we have crafted it carefully. And I think that both--it is the needs it highlights in terms of the five challenges and what we have put in motion, especially including these technology efforts are so compelling that I am confident that they will continue into the future.    Secretary Carter. I am not, no.    Secretary Carter. Generally speaking, we do and have and that has worked out. And with respect to the report, if I can just respond to that----    Secretary Carter . And the question of location. We were not specific about a location, and the reason for that is this: The optimal location for a law-of-war detention facility will depend upon several things that we don't know right now. For example, we don't know whether the Congress is going to respond to this idea. If we can do it quickly, then we will probably pick an existing facility and try to build on that. If we have----    Secretary Carter. Yes. And if we have a longer period of time, we may build a new facility from scratch. It will depend upon the number of detainees that we have and that we plan for. It will depend upon the structure of the military commissions process, which is something which is set in statute, by the way.    So the very reason that we have to discuss this with the Congress--and we submitted this plan. Because let me be clear, it is forbidden by law to do this now, so we need your concurrence----    Secretary Carter . About that. And the reason that the plan calls for a dialogue between us and the Hill is that we can't select the optimal design and, therefore, the optimal location and, therefore, fully do the costing until that conversation has been had, because you guys have a say----    Secretary Carter . In the design parameters of the ultimate facility.    But I hope you will give it consideration. I have said--and I believe this--I think it would be good to put this on a path to being dealt with by the time the administrations change.    Secretary Carter. That has not occurred in my observation. Let me ask the Chairman.    General Dunford. No, Congresswoman. And, frankly, that would be one of the first things that I would ask if we were asked to do something is--that is going to be part of the decision making to go after an individual--is, what is going to be the disposition of that individual?    Secretary Carter. Well, I already explained that that report will be in front of you imminently. With respect to the larger question----    Secretary Carter. We are going to submit that report. It has taken some time. It is not just a department----    Secretary Carter. We will have that report to you shortly, Congressman.    Secretary Carter. Well, the people's lives aren't at stake over a report.    Secretary Carter. As the Chairman----    Secretary Carter. I don't know about the 30-year ship plan. We have a number of these statutory plans. We work on them very hard. There are many, many, many of them, Congressman.    Let me ask Mr. McCord if he knows the status of that particular one, the second one that the Congressman raised.    Secretary Carter. The basis is this, and this is something that we decided all jointly, and that the joint requirement--that we were going to buy 40 and not 52 littoral combat ships. The littoral combat ship is successful. It is good at what it does. It is better than the mine countermeasure ships it replaces. It is better than the coastal patrol craft it replaces. But 40 is enough.    And the reason we made that decision is that we thought--we believe and were convinced that the money is better spent on ships that are more capable. We are looking for more capable and lethal ships as well as more ships in the Navy. And we also added----    Secretary Carter. We did an analysis in the course of----    Secretary Carter . Of preparing the budget. We did a lot over the course of the last summer, and we can provide that to you.    Secretary Carter. We can provide that to you. But the point I am making is a very important strategic one, which is we need ships that are more capable and more lethal and more high end. That is one of the themes of this whole budget. So exactly the point you are raising is one of the very themes----    Secretary Carter. I am sure the shipbuilding plan will reflect that.    Secretary Carter. We will provide those reports.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally.    Secretary Carter. Oh, that is extremely high.    Secretary Carter. Close air support is a critical part of the joint capability.    Secretary Carter. Well, combat search and rescue is a must have everywhere we have forces deployed.    Let me ask the Chairman if he has----    Secretary Carter. I concur with you that we need to do more thinking. We are doing more thinking. I think that the simple dichotomy between an operational reserve and a strategic reserve made sense in the Cold War. I think the Reserve Component proved its versatility in the course of the years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan and is proving uniquely valuable in some particular areas.    I mentioned cyber earlier. That is very important. That is not a niche. It is not exotic. It is a critical part of our future. And so I think being creative and effective about the use of the Reserve Component for strategic effect, not as a strategic reserve in the old Cold War sense, absolutely. We are thinking that way, and we need to continue to think that way.    Chairman.    General Dunford. Congressman, one of my responsibilities on behalf of the Secretary is global force management. And I can assure you right now in virtually every place where we are, the joint force, the Guard and Reserve are fully integrated into that. And, of course, as you know, the difference between a strategic reserve and the operational reserve is that we wouldn't typically be using them to meet the kind of requirements that we are meeting today.    But you can go to South America today. I was there last week. Guard and Reserve are down there doing partnership capacity. You can go to Africa. You can go to Asia. You can look at BCTs that are being mobilized to participate in operations, elements of BCTs to participate in operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.    So I would tell you today the Guard and Reserve are fully integrated in meeting all the commitments that the joint force has. And I would envision that to be the case in the future, not just because it helps to maintain effective Guard and Reserve but because we actually can't meet our requirements without fully integrating the Guard and Reserve into our overall force management processes.    Secretary Carter. And may I just second that. That is exactly along the lines that we are thinking, Chairman, as I alluded to earlier. Obviously, we will need your support if any of that requires statutory change, but those are the dimensions to which I am looking to the Joint Staff and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and especially the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, given the changed nature of warfare. We would like to strengthen that.    The Chairman. Well, I am anxious to see what you suggest, even if it is not all the reforms that some of these other folks are pursuing. But, obviously, with markup basically for this committee about a month away, for us to have time to look at it, we will want to see it promptly.    Secretary Carter. I am planning that, to do that quite soon, and it will involve the capabilities, the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Chairman, while preserving the independent military advice that they provide to me and the President.    The Chairman. Okay. Good. Thank you. Thank you, all three, for being here today. The hearing stands adjourned.